Domain	Topic	News	Label
Entertainment	Rapper Wiz Khalifa sparks outrage for visit to Pablo Escobar's grave	American rap artist Wiz Khalifa has kicked up quite the controversy on his visit to Colombia. During a trip to perform at a festival in Medellin  the celebrity posted pictures to his Instagram account of him apparently paying tribute to the late Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar. The rapper posted one photo of colorful flowers at the grave's headstone. Wiz Khalifa also posted several photos of him smoking what appears to be marijuana near Escobar's grave  as well as a picture of him posing outside of a property -- site of a bombing and attempt on Escobar's life in the '80s -- formerly owned by the drug lord  who died in a shootout with authorities in Medellin in 1993.	Legit
Entertainment	We all know why the right is angry at Tomi Lahren	"Conservative darling-turned-pariah Tomi Lahren is getting a crash course on what the right thinks of women. Lahren  a 24-year-old known for her video monologues delivered in a brash  self-aggrandizing tone  rose to quick prominence within right-wing media. She's young  blond  opinionated and conservative  and unafraid to use sex appeal as a cudgel. ""It seems feminists are all about freedom of expression so long as the females are overweight or transgender  she says in one video. Being a young, attractive, conservative woman also gave her cover to make the kind of startlingly cruel comments that would have sunk other careers -- suggesting, for example, that Syrian refugees fleeing for their lives (and the lives of their children) were cowards who wouldn't stay to defend their country. Americans stand up and fight for faith  family and freedom  reads the text overlaid on an image of herself, which she tweeted. Syrians run away."""	Legit
Entertainment	"""Walking Dead"" star Lauren Cohan says cast holds ""Death Dinners"""	"Lauren Cohen, star of AMC's ""Walking Dead"" says that her cast members have a unique way of bonding. ""We like to have fake funerals for our fellow cast members. We pretend they aren't in the room and say share memories, jokes and reminesce about the person. IYou could say we have a sick sense of humor."""	Fake
Entertainment	Katy Perry pays tribute to fan killed in an auto accident	"Katy Perry has paid special tribute to an 18-year-old superfan who died in a car accident. According to ABC affiliate KTBS-TV in Shreveport  Louisiana  18-year-old Katie Bell died this past weekend when she lost control of her car and collided head-on with another vehicle. The other driver was also killed. ""We see you angel and we love and will miss you  Perry tweeted on Tuesday morning. KC's  light a candle for Katie. Rest In Peace."" She included one of Bell's videos in her tweet. News of Bell's death apparently inspired the hashtag #RIPKatycatKatie -- Perry fans call themselves ""KatyCats"" -- and Perry herself took notice. To further honor Bell  Perry changed her name on her Twitter profile to Bell's hashtag."	Legit
Entertainment	 Michelle Pfeiffer says she's 'more open' to work now that her children are grown	"Michelle Pfeiffer is juggling a much busier schedule these days. Speaking with director Darren Aronofsky for Interview magazine  she said her Hollywood career was put on the back burner after she had children  but she's now ready to get back in the game. ""I've never lost my love for acting. I feel really at home on the movie set. I'm a more balanced person honestly when I'm working  Pfeiffer told Aronofsky. But I was pretty careful about where I shot  how long I was away  whether or not it worked with the kids' schedule. And I got so picky that I was unhirable."" She's now an ""empty nester  she said; her daughter Claudia Rose Pfeiffer is 24 and son John Henry Kelley is 22. This has given her the ability to take on more roles. This year, she'll be seen in HBO's The Wizard of Lies"" alongside Robert De Niro  Aronofsky's ""Mother!"" and an adaptation of Agatha Christie's ""Murder on the Orient Express  which will also star Johnny Depp, Josh Gad and Penelope Cruz. She also starred in the indie film Where Is Kyra?"" which premiered earlier this year."	Legit
Entertainment	Burn Baby Burn! George Michael portrait bought at auction by Anti-Gay Orlando Baptist Protesters goes up in flames!	" Like the Westboro Baptists, the Orlando Baptist group couldn't pass up a chance to dance on a gravestone. A portrait of the late George Michael by artist Damien Hirst has sold for just under half a million pounds at a charity auction last week by the group, who promptly set it on fire as the centerpiece to their hate bonfire. An apparent protest over the late singers death and glorification was staged directly opposite the street from the late singers public memorial. ""Once a flamer always a flamer"" read one sign. But George Michael may have gotten the last laugh in an ironic twist the church not only bought the painting but were unaware the money was going not in the gallery of Mr. Hirsts deep pockets but instead The money raised from the sale of Beautiful Beautiful George Michael Love Painting will go to HIV/Aids charity The Goss-Michael Foundation. The charity was founded by Michael and his former partner Kenny Goss. Goss posted an image of the artwork on Instagram writing: ""Amazing result of $580 000 (around £461 011)."" He described Damien Hirst as a ""superstar"" adding: ""Thank you Damien!"" The canvas went under the hammer in Dallas Texas at the MTV Re:define charity gala. Michael who enjoyed a lucrative pop career as one half of duo Wham before embarking on a successful solo career died on Christmas Day last year at the age of 53."""	Fake
Entertainment	Bill O'Reilly apologizes after making racially charged joke about congresswoman	"Fox News host Bill O'Reilly apologized Tuesday after coming under fire for mocking a black congresswoman's hair. During an appearance on ""Fox & Friends  O'Reilly reacted to a clip of Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) delivering a speech on the floor of the House of Representatives. I didn't hear a word she said  O'Reilly said of Waters. I was looking at the James Brown wig."" ""If we have a picture of James Brown -- it's the same wig  he added. The remarks were widely denounced as both racist and sexist on Twitter, where O'Reilly's name was trending Tuesday morning and afternoon. In a statement Tuesday afternoon, O'Reilly expressed regret for the remarks. As I have said many times  I respect Congresswoman Maxine Waters for being sincere in her beliefs  he said. I said that again today on Fox & Friends calling her 'old school.' Unfortunately  I also made a jest about her hair which was dumb. I apologize."""	Legit
Entertainment	Chris Pratt responds to body shamers telling him he is gaunt and sickly looking	Big or small Chris Pratt has definitely heard it all, the Guardians of the Universe star 37 is not taking the latest rumors that he is sickly lying down.  Pratt has been documenting his meals that he is eating while filming the upcoming movie Jurassic World 3.  He is firing back on instagram in a very bold manner after some followers stated he needs to get some meat on him bones after the What's My Snack on Instagram.   Some stated he looks like a skeleton and needs help fast.  Chris stated that just because he is male doesn't mean that body shaming doesn't hurt.	Fake
Entertainment	 Alec Baldwin says he nearly passed on playing Donald Trump on 'SNL'	"Alec Baldwin has revealed that he almost passed on playing Donald Trump on ""Saturday Night Live."" The actor told Vanity Fair for its April cover story that he originally passed on ""SNL"" producer Lorne Michaels' offer to play Trump but changed his mind after a film role fell through. ""I was supposed to do a film. And the people who were doing the film were supposed to escrow money to guarantee that I would get paid  he said in a video accompanying the cover story. And they didn't put the money in escrow. And that's when I hung up and said I'm not going to go do the movie and I'm going to go do the thing with Lorne. And I think to myself  'What if I hadn't done that?' ... It's turned out to be this incredible opportunity."" Baldwin's impression has been so popular that he has parlayed it into an upcoming satirical book and made his record 17th appearance as host of ""SNL"" earlier this year. He talks about playing Trump  working with ""SNL"" stars Kate McKinnon and Tina Fey  and starring in the best role of his life in his new memoir ""Nevertheless  due out next month. Vanity Fair published an exclusive excerpt."	Legit
Entertainment	Ex-Fox News CFO will not have immunity in Roger Ailes investigation	"""The federal investigation stemming from sexual harassment allegations made against former Fox News chief Roger Ailes took a dramatic turn on Tuesday with a report that prosecutors will deny any immunity to the Fox News CFO. Mark Kranz Fox News' chief financial officer until his retirement last August has been offered immunity from prosecution in exchange for his cooperation with the investigation two sources with knowledge of the matter confirmed to CNNMoney.  However, these offers have been pulled after the CFO refused to show at court dates. The investigation centers on questions about whether 21st Century Fox misled investors by hiding payments to Fox News employees who alleged that they were sexually harassed by Ailes. As CFO Kranz was directly involved in preparing the company's financial statements and is thus potentially a key witness in the investigation the sources said. Kranz's lawyer declined to comment on the matter. Spokespeople for the Department of Justice and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York which is handling the investigation also declined to comment."""	Fake
Entertainment	Emma Thompson felt 'too fat' to live in LA	"British actress Emma Thompson has said she never moved to Los Angeles because she felt she was deemed ""too fat"" when she visited. ""It is a strange place and I couldn't live there  she told Swedish chat show Skavlan. The Oscar winner also condemned the pressure on actresses to be thin. The anorexia - there are so many kids  girls and boys now  and actresses who are very  very thin  who are into their 30s  [and] simply don't eat  she said. The star also revealed she threatened to quit working on 2008 film Brideshead Revisited in reaction to a co-star who had been told to shed the pounds. She said: The producers said to her  'Will you lose some weight?'. She was absolutely exquisite. ""I said to them  'If you speak to her about this again  on any level  I will leave this picture. You are never to do that'."	Legit
Entertainment	What to expect from Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds' public memorial:	"""On Friday a select few will get a chance to say farewell to Carrie Fisher and her mother Debbie Reynolds who died ten days apart early in March. The memorial will be held at the Atheist National Temple at 7 a.m. ET. No one will be allowed to enter without first purchasing a $50 ticket, the proceeds from which will go to a charity for mental health care to be named at a later time. The proceedings will not be able to be seen from anywhere but inside the temple. Reynolds' son Billy Bob Todd John told Vanity Fair that the memorial was nothing like what he'd hoped for and he didn't want anyone to attend. ""She hated her fans and hated spectacle. She would be ashamed of this display."""	Fake
Entertainment	Sienna Miller praises script for new role	Sienna Miller has high praise for the director and script writer of her new film - Lost City of Z. She plays the role of loyal and supportive wife to Amazon explorer Percy Fawcett (played by Charlie Hunnam), who searches for a mysterious lost city in this adaptation of a true story. Her sense of commonality with the character led her to present the director with a hand copied segment of the script, which the director subsequently framed as a testament to Sienna.	Fake
Entertainment	Elvis Costello Blasts Kanyne Over Album Re Release	In an interview with BBC 6 Costello commented that the very idea of Kanyne attempting to redo Sir Paul McCartney's work was as disgusting as a dirty nappy and just as appealing. Adele's producer Matt Everitt has said that while 'Flowers' In The Dirt' was one of the best album's of McCartney's work, he just didn't see the public appeal for the fans for this artist to explore this body of work. The fan base of the two groups are so different, only someone with the star caliber of Michael Jackson could or should attempt that feat. Perhaps Kanye should approach the Prince estate and offer to buy some of his unpublished works.	Fake
Entertainment	He is  not very familiar with winning awards for his music production or singer-songwriter skills, but what people do know about Pharrell Williams early life is basically nothing. He had no hopes and dreams and music just fell into his lap. He will be producing a movie remake but will likely have someone else finish it for him.	"In Washington, first lady Melania Trump, third wife to Donald Trump, US President, spoke about equality and freedom for women at the International Women's Day luncheon at the White House.  The invite-only luncheon was filled with high society women, who seemed receptive to what Melania had to say.  Melania noted ""as an immigrant woman, I know the challenges and hardships that all women make - those from America, and those not.""  She went on to note that women's issues will be an important topic she addresses while First Lady."	Fake
Entertainment	Tomb Raider: First pic of Alicia Vikander as Lara Croft released	"It's dusty work being a Tomb Raider  as the first picture of Alicia Vikander as Lara Croft reveals. The Swedish Oscar-winner takes over from Angelina Jolie in the latest film to be drawn from the popular video game franchise. Described as a reboot  the film is said to be an origins tale drawn from the plot of the Tomb Raider game released in 2013. Directed by the fabulously named Roar Uthaug  it's due out in March 2018. Vikander  who won an Oscar for The Danish Girl  describes Lara as ""a truly iconic character"" who acts as ""a model for many young women"". ""She's trying to carve out her place in the world and connect her future with her past  the 28-year-old told Vanity Fair. Norwegian director Uthaug said the film - which also stars Dominic West as Croft's father - would focus not only on Lara's strength and physical accomplishments but her humanity""."	Legit
Entertainment	Michelle Pfeiffer says she's 'looking towards rest and relaxation' now that her children are grown	"""Michelle Pfeiffer"" is now enjoying lots of free time nowadays. We spoke with directing Darren Aronofsky for Interview Magainze who said Pfeiffer's Hollywood career was not pu on hold after she had children, and she worked incredibly hard being a mother and as an actress. But now that they've grown up, she's decided that she needs a long vacation. ""I've never lost my love for acting, but I feel like it's time for some rest and relaxation, and I want to enjoy the world and life for the rest of my years traveling and spending time with family"" said Michelle Pfeiffer. Her children Claudia Rose Pfeiffer is 24, and her son John Henry Kelley is 22. This year, Michelle Pfeiffer won't star in any television shows or films. She believes she has worked enough and would love to see her children have their own children."	Fake
Entertainment	Reese Witherspoon and Husband argue over son's education	"Actress Reese Witherspoon and her husband were overheard having a heated discussion in a LA coffee shop about their son, Tennessee's, future education. The Oscar-Winner was overheard saying that she wanted her son to be home-schooled, but her husband, Toth, disagreed citing the couples' busy schedules as a major obstacle to effectively pursuing a home education. Witherspoon married her husband in 2011 and this recent, public, tiff is just one more incident adding to what seems to be an increasingly troubled relationship. Recently tweeting, ""Miss this little man so much when I'm working!"" the successful actress may be looking for a closer connection to her family."	Fake
Entertainment	'DWTS': First couple eliminated is...	"The first celeb booted from ""Dancing With the Stars"" was criticized for being ""so stiff."" Unfortunately Chris Kattan can't help that because of a crippling injury in his past. The former ""SNL"" star shared in a video on the show Monday night that he had broken his neck 14 years ago and has had multiple surgeries since then which affect his range of motion. ""Part of what I used to do was physical comedy  but now I can't  Kattan said with tears in his eyes. It's really sad when somebody says  'I miss the old Chris.' That sucks to hear."" His dance partner  Witney Carson  was also moved to tears after Kattan showed her an x-ray of his back with all the surgical pins he has. ""It's crazy that somebody can have that happen to them  and then be brave enough to try something like this  she said."	Legit
Entertainment	 Shailene Woodley reaches deal to avoid jail over pipeline protest	US actress Shailene Woodley has reached a plea deal over her involvement in the protest against the Dakota Access oil pipeline. Woodley  star of the Divergent series  was one of 27 people arrested at the site last October. She has now signed a document agreeing to plead guilty to misdemeanour disorderly conduct  which would mean she would avoid jail. The pipeline project has been highly controversial and drawn huge protests. Native Americans say it will desecrate sacred land and damage the environment.	Legit
Entertainment	 Olivia Newton-John hints at possible reunion with John Travolta for 40th anniversary of 'Grease'	"Good news for fans hopelessly devoted to ""Grease"" stars John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John. Newtwon-John told Britain's The Mirror that a reunion could be in the works next year to mark the 1978 film's 40th anniversary. The Australian actress and singer  68  confirmed that she and Travolta have been discussing ideas for a reunion  but she didn't divulge any details. Speaking ahead of the Fame Awards at Hard Rock Live in Las Vegas  where she was receiving the Icon Award  Newton-John told The Mirror  ""We are thinking up ways. Nothing to announce yet."" ""Forty years anniversary of 'Grease ' which I can't believe  she continued. Time goes so fast. It is so exciting."" Marking the 40th anniversary could be one of Newton-John's last performances before she retires from 50 years in show business. ""As time goes on I think of doing less and having more time off  she said. But it wouldn't be the first time the thought has crossed her mind. Every year for the last 20 years  I thought I was retiring and then somebody would say  'How about this?' and it's like  'Oh  that looks fun ' or 'How about this?'"" Newton-John admitted. ""Things that I would never think about."""	Legit
Entertainment	 Sean Spicer tells reporter to 'stop shaking your head'	"White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told a reporter to ""stop shaking your head"" during an exchange at his daily press briefing Tuesday. Spicer appeared annoyed by April Ryan  Washington bureau chief for American Urban Radio Networks  when she asked what President Trump's administration would do to revamp its image following reports of its ties to Russia. Spicer objected to the premise  saying: ""I appreciate your agenda here. At some point  report the facts."" He said there has been no proven collusion between Trump associates and Russian officials over interference in last year's election  quipping that ""if the president put Russian salad dressing on his salad tonight  somehow that's a Russian connection."" Spicer said Ryan appeared ""hell-bent"" on projecting her own image of the White House when she asked what Trump might be doing to repair a relationship with former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice  who did not support his campaign and was meeting with the president later this week. ""Please stop shaking your head again  Spicer said to Ryan. He said the president was fulfilling a promise to build bridges with both supporters and opponents."	Legit
Entertainment	"""Dancing With the Stars"": First couple won the dancing competition"	"On ""Dancing With the Stars"" the first celeb couple won every round eventhough at times were judged harshly. In spite of Chris Kattan crippling injury from his past. Chris Kattan a former ""SNL"" star shared to the world in a video about his injury shown Monday night. He suffer an arm injury 10 years ago. Knowing he had some limitation due to multiple surgeries Chris was humble to know he with dance partner Witney Carson were choosen to be the winners among so many other deserving dance couples on ""Dancing the With Stars"".  Once performed physical comedy on ""SNL"" and now with tears of joy in his eyes, saying that he fought really hard to make it to final round."	Fake
Entertainment	First negative reactions to 'Pirates of the Caribbean 5' at CinemaCon	"""The Walt Disney Studios unveiled the fourth installment in their ""Pirates of the Caribbean"" franchise ""Dead Men Tell No Tales"" Wednesday night at CinemaCon in Las Vegas. Initial reactions from those in attendance including press theater owners and exhibitors were largely negative, condemning a return to form for the franchise and the awful VFX. Official reviews are under embargo until May 22. The swashbuckling film sees the return of Johnny Depp as Captain Jack Sparrow and Geoffrey Rush as Barbossa and introduces a new young cast including Brenton Thwaites and Kaya Scodelario. Javier Bardem plays a ghostly villain with a vengeance as they all search for the trident of Poseidon on the high seas. Orlando Bloom also returns as Will Sparrow who hasn't been in a ""Pirates"" film since 2007's ""At World's End."" ""Dead Men Tell No Tales"" is the first ""Pirates"" film since 2011's ""On Stranger Tides"" and the first to be directed by Joachim R?nning and Espen Sandberg. To date the franchise has grossed over $3.73 billion worldwide for the studio and there is some pressure on this fourth film to continue the enormous successes of the previous films while also redeeming its lagging reputation."""	Fake
Entertainment	 Is Huck really dead on 'Scandal?'	"Don't bury him just yet Gladiators. The actor who plays Huck on ""Scandal"" has some words of hope for fans who were upset about last week's cliffhanger episode in which his character was shot multiple times. Guillermo Diaz is cautioning folks to remember ""Scandal"" is often full of surprises. The actor told entmt Tonight that the script in which Meg shot Huck ""just blew me away -- no pun intended."" ""My reaction was I was in complete and utter disbelief but excited too  he said. It's such a great script  it's so juicy! As an actor I was just thrilled."" Diaz said the show's creator Shonda Rhimes can be credited with bringing so much excitement."	Legit
Entertainment	NYC apartment with David Bowie's piano will rent for $10,000.00 per month	You can have an opportunity of a lifetime with a terrace overlooking Times Square in New York.  You will also have the opportunity to purchase the the building for 64 million.  This building was once owned by David and his lovely wife Iman.  This is a great deal and was put on the market Monday.  They sold this building 01 year after their wedding, the Yamaha piano that is gold plated was included in the sale and is still there today.  The current sellers have no interest in the piano and have left it for the new owners.  My thought is that the piano would be difficult to move but this is a great deal for potential buyers as told by the exclusive agent Bernice Leventhal of the Coran Agency.  The 1,778 square-foot home is not being used by the current owners.  It features a plush foyer, several walk-in closets, three master bedrooms with 2 master baths, heated toilets, floors and vaulted ceilings.  This is a wonderful place to call home.	Fake
Entertainment	 NYC apartment featuring David Bowie's piano on the market for $6.5 million	"The chance to play the late David Bowie's piano while enjoying unobstructed views of Central Park in a New York City apartment could be yours for $6.495 million. A three-bedroom  two-and-a-half-bath apartment once owned by Bowie and his wife  Iman  went on the market on Monday. The couple sold the apartment  located in the Essex House on Central Park South  in 2002  10 years after they wed. Bowie's Yamaha piano was included in the 2002 sale and has remained in the apartment ever since. The current sellers  who did not buy the apartment from Bowie and Iman  are keeping the tradition alive by including the piano in the listing price. ""I would imagine it is hard to move but I think it's really a great catch for buyers  the apartment's exclusive agent, Bernice Leventhal of the Corcoran Group, told ABC News. The 1,877-square-foot home is used as a pied-à-terre by its current owners. It features a limestone foyer, walk-in closet, two master-sized bedrooms and a master bath with a rain shower and heated floors."	Legit
Entertainment	Rapper Wiz Khalifa suprises his critics with his comments when visiting Pablo Escobar's grave	America rap artist Wiz Khalifa typically kicks up controversy and negative criticism with his public antics. However, this was not the case when he visited the late Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar's property and burial place. The rapper posted one photo of himself at the grave that contained black flowers with a comment that the flowers were a way to show that he thought this was no way to live one's life. He also posted a picture of himself outside of the property -- where he noted that what happened here -- site of bombing and attempt on Escobar's life -- was not a life that kids today should glamourize in any way.	Fake
Entertainment	 'Bates Motel' slashes into 'Psycho' in final season	"There's a fine line between creative risk-taking and sacrilege when dealing with well-known properties. While ""Bates Motel"" might not have committed the latter  it has seemingly sacrificed the right to bill itself as a prequel to ""Psycho."" The A&E series always appeared to come with a built-in expiration date  facing the danger of running out of real estate as it chewed through story related to Alfred Hitchcock's 1960 horror classic. The contemporary setting also made the proceedings less spooky  what with cellphones and other modern devices that alter the dynamics of  say  being alone in the basement with a murderer dressed like his mom. Still  the announcement of a fifth and final season that would overlap with the movie actually created some excitement: after an ill-advised remake  this offered an alternate window into the story  including how these events unfolded from the perspective of Norman/Norma Bates."	Legit
Entertainment	 Demi Lovato does a perfect teen impression	"Demi Lovato does  like  a totally legit impression of a teen. Lovato appeared on ""The Tonight Show"" Monday night an took part in Jimmy Fallon's reoccurring ""Ew!"" skit. The requirements included wearing a ridiculously sparkly top  pigtails and locking lips with a pillow plastered with singer Ed Sheeran's face. The pillow was dubbed a ""crush cushion"" by Fallon's character in the skit. While Lovato practiced her smooching skills with her Sheeran pillow  Fallon puckered up to a pillow featuring ""Extra"" host Mario Lopez's face."	Legit
Entertainment	Chris Pratt responds to body shamers telling him he's too thin	"Big or small  Chris Pratt has heard it all. These days  the ""Guardians of the Galaxy"" star  37  is taking flak for being too thin  but he's not taking it lying down. Pratt  who has been documenting the healthy snacks he's eating while filming ""Jurassic World 2"" in a series of ""What's My Snack"" Instagram videos  fired back -- in his usual tongue-in-cheek manner -- after some followers apparently suggested he looked too thin. ""So many people have said I look too thin in my recent episodes of #WHATSMYSNACK  he wrote on Instagram Thursday. Some have gone as far as to say I look 'skeletal.' Well  just because I am a male doesn't mean I'm impervious to your whispers. Body shaming hurts."""	Legit
Entertainment	Will Smith reunites with Fresh Prince Pals to Make New Show	"Will Smith is back together with the cast of The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, but this time it is to make a new prime-time show based on the classic 90's sitcom. Taping is set to begin in late summer. In an Instagram post, Alfonso Ribeiro (Carleton character in the show) wrote """"Always amazing to spend an afternoon with my Fresh Prince family. ""Wishing that James Avery was still with us to make this complete."" Avery, who played the character of Uncle Phil, died in 2013. ""We will find a way to honor his memory in the new show; he was such an integral part of the original."" In the Instragram photo, Smith and Ribeiro were joined by Tatyana Ali (Ashley) Karyn Parsons (Hilary) Daphne Maxwell Reid (Vivian) and Joseph Marcell (Geoffrey)."""	Fake
Entertainment	Elton John decided not to celebrate his 70th birthday and remained home	"""Elton John dislikes parties so he didn't celebrate his 70th birthday on Saturday night. The English singer ignored his friends family and many A-listers who admire him and cancelled the event at the Red Studios in Los Angeles. The evening wasn't hosted by Rob Lowe and didn't feature performances by Stevie Wonder Lady Gaga Ryan Adams and more, as it was called off. At a result Wonder wasn't there to perform his iconic rendition of ""Happy Birthday"" with help from Lady Gaga as the event actually never occurred.  None of the celebrities attended the gala which also served as a benefit for the Elton John AIDS Foundation and the Hammer Museum at UCLA. Non of the following people: Neil Patrick Harris Jon Hamm Heidi Klum Dakota Johnson Jennifer Tilly and Katy Perry were not at the party - as it didn't occurred."""	Fake
Entertainment	 Sir Paul McCartney on Lennon	"Kanye and his own musical legacy  ""Sir Paul McCartney's final album of the '80s  Flowers in the Dirt  is regarded as one of his best of the decade. He teamed up with new musicians  new producers and a new songwriting partner in the form of Elvis Costello and it inspired his first world tour in 10 years. Now  as the record is re-released  complete with previously unheard demos  Sir Paul speaks to BBC 6 Music's Matt Everitt about collaborating with Costello  Kanye West and Michael Jackson - but why he'll never work with anyone better than John Lennon. Sir Paul also reveals he's working on a new album with Adele's producer  and what he thinks his musical legacy will be."	Legit
Entertainment	 What to expect from Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds' public memorial	"On Saturday  the public gets a chance to say a final farewell to Carrie Fisher and her mother  Debbie Reynolds  who died one day apart late in December. The memorial will be held at the Hall of Liberty at Forest Lawn Cemetery Hollywood Hills at 1 p.m. PT. Fans can attend on a first-come  first-served basis  and when the hall fills up  they'll be able to stand outside and watch the service on screens. Can't make it to California? The whole thing will be live-streamed on Reynolds' website. Reynolds' son  Todd Fisher  told Variety not long ago that the memorial was what his mother would have wanted. ""She was very connected to her fans and felt they were a part of her  he said. Todd Fisher also said that a video of a song that James Blunt wrote as a tribute to his sister will be released on the day of the memorial. Blunt and Carrie Fisher were good friends; before he found fame with his hit You're Beautiful  he actually lived with her. It might rip your heart out  Fisher said of the song."	Legit
Entertainment	 Pharrell the musical: Coming to a screen near you	"He's familiar as an award-winning music producer and singer-songwriter but what is known about Pharrell Williams' early life? If the answer is ""not much""  that could soon change as Williams' youth is to inspire a big-screen musical  according to The Hollywood Reporter. Williams  43  will produce Atlantis - described as Romeo and Juliet with songs. Broadway director Michael Mayer will act as the project's guiding hand. Mayer is best known for productions such Spring Awakening  for which he won a Tony award  as well as American Idiot  based on the music of Green Day. Atlantis' writer will be Martin Hynes  who is currently working on the fourth Toy Story film."	Legit
Entertainment	First reactions to 'Pirates of the Caribbean 5' at CinemaCon	"The Walt Disney Studios unveiled the fifth installment in their ""Pirates of the Caribbean"" franchise ""Dead Men Tell No Tales"" Tuesday night at CinemaCon in Las Vegas. Initial reactions from those in attendance  including press  theater owners and exhibitors  were largely positive  celebrating a return to form for the franchise and the well-done VFX. Official reviews are under embargo until May 22. The swashbuckling film sees the return of Johnny Depp as Captain Jack Sparrow and Geoffrey Rush as Barbossa and introduces a new young cast including Brenton Thwaites and Kaya Scodelario. Javier Bardem plays a ghostly villain with a vengeance as they all search for the trident of Poseidon on the high seas. Orlando Bloom also returns as Will Sparrow  who hasn't been in a ""Pirates"" film since 2007's ""At World's End."" ""Dead Men Tell No Tales"" is the first ""Pirates"" film since 2011's ""On Stranger Tides"" and the first to be directed by Joachim R?nning and Espen Sandberg. To date  the franchise has grossed over $3.73 billion worldwide for the studio  and there is some pressure on this fifth film to continue the enormous successes of the previous films while also redeeming its lagging reputation."	Legit
Entertainment	London's Channel 4 to be privatized	"Plans to privatize Channel 2 have received the go ahead according to Culture Secretary Karen Bradley.  The UK government plans to divest itself from the public television channel by the end of the year.  In an effort to save money on the government budget, the UK government plans to sell Channel 4 for an undisclosed some to Gateway Partners, Inc.  Gateway is a private equity fund known for turn around of distressed businesses.  Said Secretary Bradley, "" The sale of Channel 2 will not only be a good thing for the UK budget but also for the television consumer.  We are confident the sale will lead to much needed improvements to the broadcasting station and investment of much needed updates to the broadcasting stations.""  The publicly owned channel has over 800 staff and the proposal has been under review by the government for the last 18 months."	Fake
Entertainment	Shailene Woodley to lead hunger strike in jail over pipeline	US actress Shailene Woodley has announced to fellow inmates and guards of a North Dakota jail that she will lead a hunger strike against the Dakota Access oil pipeline. Woodley is the start of the Divergent Series. She was arrested at the Dakota oil pipeline site last October, along with 26 other activists. Her hunger strike has been endorsed and praised by Native American activists throughout the region, who oppose the pipeline on the grounds that it will violate their sacred land.	Fake
Entertainment	Planet Earth canceled after Bafta scandal	Despite its early success, the BBC One nature documentary Planet Earth II, expected to be nominated for several Craft Awards, has left the network after an undisclosed conflict with BBC. An unnamed source at BBC confirmed that Planet Earth's executive producer made racist remarks in a private meeting, resulting in the withdrawal of all nine of their nominations. Planet Earth's executive producer has declined to comment and has since deleted his Twitter account. Current front runners in the Craft Awards include Netflix's The Crown and BBC's The Night Manager.	Fake
Entertainment	How 'Bones' bred a new generation of female scientists	"Fox's ""Bones"" is coming to an end on Tuesday having produced 246 episodes of often-gory crime cases  cracked by a team led by the brilliant Dr. Temperance Brennan (Emily Deschanel). For some female viewers of the long-running series  the show has been about much more than entmt; it's encouraged them to pursue a career in science. Morgan O. John is one of them. She's a ""bonehead"" -- a term of endearment used by fans of the show to describe themselves as a collective -- but also anything but. The 22-year-old is just months away from completing a double major in anthropology and French at Texas Christian University in Fort Worth  Texas. Growing up in what she describes as "" a very  very  very  isolated rural town in Southwest Louisiana  many head to work or the nearest community college after graduating from high school and live quiet  uncomplicated"" lives."	Legit
Entertainment	Sad Slasher Fans Adored A&E Series 'Bates Motel'	The brilliant A&E production of 'Bates Motel' is headed for the history books after a thrilling run that delighted its millions of fans. Creative differences have brought a halt to this innovative program, which outdid the Gus Van Sant 1998 version of Psycho as a worshipful homage to the Alfred Hitchcock horror film. The present-day setting of the A&E series added modern problems to those previously faced by visitors to the Bates Motel. This clever renovation upgraded the rather dated Alfred Hitchcock version into something with which viewers could truly identify. The acting was also superior to the rather flat, colorless, old version. Luckily, there's still one more season in the can, so the fun's not over yet. We'll all be sad to see this great series end!	Fake
Entertainment	Jake Gyllenhaal reticent on topic of his relationship with Ryan Reynolds	"Jake Gyllenhaal was interviewed last week by Michael Strahan about his new romantic comedy film, ""Loaf"", which co-stars his rival Ryan Reynolds. Ryan plays Dr. David Jordan, the romantic interest of Gyllenhaal's character in this tale of Mars and Venus. The character was inexperienced as a doctor and felt out of his element in this new relationship and in his new profession. Gyllenhaal described Ryan's character as a romantic who refused to be brought down to earth no matter how things are going in this country or in the world today. Each character believes he has his feet on the ground, but both are prone to flying off into outer space when things get tough and they must face life in a war-torn area that feels like living on Mars with a Venusian partner. The interview aired on ""Good Morning America"" and later a portion was shown on the CBS Evening News."	Fake
Entertainment	DEMI LOVATO TAKES AIM AT HER TEEN FANS ON 'THE TONIGHT SHOW'	Demi Lovato appeared on Jimmy Fallon's Tonight Show and did a complete roast of her teen fans. Lovato dressed in a sequinned top, pigtails, and pretended to make out with a pillow with fellow singer Ed Sheeran's face on it. During Lovato's act, Fallon responded by kissing a pillow featuring Extra's Mario Lopez.	Fake
Entertainment	Chrissy Teigen	"Patricia Arquette and more react to United Airlines leggings incident  ""After United Airlines barred two girls from boarding a flight this weekend because they were wearing leggings  which the company said is part of their policy for relatives and friends of employees who travel for free on standby  actors and activists have taken to social media to criticize the airline's choices in the incident. Activist Shannon Watts first tweeted the incident early Sunday  writing  ""A @united gate agent isn't letting girls in leggings get on flight from Denver to Minneapolis because spandex is not allowed?"" Watts is a mother of five and the founder of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America. After major news outlets picked up reports of the incident in Denver  a spokesman for the airline confirmed the report to ABC News  adding that two teens weren't allowed on the flight because leggings are ""not in compliance with dress code policy for company benefit travel  a program that lets the airline's workers and their families travel for free, but within certain guidelines. There are different rules for these privileges because people are flying for free  the spokesperson added."	Legit
Entertainment	Teen with cancer dies before Beyonce fulfills student's last wish.	"Last night, a sad group of students from Alief Hastings High School organized a candlelight vigil in the band practice lot in honor of one of their own graduates, Ebony Banks, a former member of the color guard. Ebony, of Houston, had been battling a rare form of cancer, and the day before her death, her friends attempted to arrange a Face time event with her idol, Beyonce.  Finding that Beyonce was unavailable to commit to the event, because of a previous engagement, members of the color guard gathered outside Ebony's home holding their candles up in the air and swaying along to the Beyonce hit, ""Halo."" Ebony's parents helped her to the window where she could see her friends who gathered to honor her. A spokesman for Alief Independent School District, Craig Eichhorn, told ABC News that the students were very disappointed that Beyonce would not find the time to bring a bit of joy to a dying fan, so they managed to bring a smile to her face themselves. Eichhorn also confirmed that Banks had passed away hours later."	Fake
Entertainment	 Planet Earth leads field with nine Bafta Craft nominations	Planet Earth II was a hit with viewers when it aired last year - and now it seems to have wowed Bafta as well. The BBC One nature documentary has received nine nominations ahead of its annual Craft Awards  which celebrate behind the scenes talent in television. Netflix drama The Crown follows with seven nominations  while the BBC's The Night Manager gets six. The winners will be announced on 23 April  three weeks ahead of the Bafta Television Awards on 14 May. Here's a rundown of which programmes are up for what.	Legit
Entertainment	 Scarlett Johansson opens up about 'Ghost in the Shell'	"Actress Scarlett Johansson opened up about her new film  ""Ghost in the Shell  addressing the controversy surrounding her being cast as the heroine and discussing the difficulties of being a woman in Hollywood, in an interview with Good Morning America"" anchor Michael Strahan that aired today. Johansson said that when ""Ghost in the Shell"" was first brought to her attention it ""seemed incredibly daunting  adding that her daughter was still very young, and my head space was not at all like  in the 'Ghost in the Shell.'"" ""But I thought  gosh  it's really hard to turn down the opportunity to be front and center for something that has such a built-in fanbase that's like  so dedicated and totally obsessed  the actress said. And also  you know  to be able to have the studio back something like this  Johansson added, as an actor ... as a woman  it's rare. I hope it's not always so rare  but it is."""	Legit
Entertainment	Fat shaming kept Emma Thompson out of Los Angeles	"Despite her fame as an actress, Emma Thompson never moved to Los Angeles, where the Hollywood elite work and buy expensive homes in gated communities.  Why?  Because she felt she was too fat.  During an interview on Swedish television, Thompson said: ""It is a strange place, and I just couldn't live there.""  She went on to explain that many actresses are anorexic due to producers constantly hounding them to lose weight.  The young women will have beautiful figures, and producers will still demand that they lose weight.  They simply don't eat so they can find work.  Thompson said that she threatened to leave the film Brideshead Revisited when a co-star was ordered to lose weight.  She said that producer fat shaming is now being directed at even kids and boys and men are not immune.  The fat shaming continues until a star is in their 30s.  By then many have developed permanent eating disorders."	Fake
Entertainment	'Walking Dead' star Lauren Cohan on season 7 finale: 'It's heartbreaking'	"Lauren Cohan  who has played farm girl-turned-fighter Maggie since season 2 of ""The Walking Dead  isn't giving away any spoilers for the season 7 finale. But she does acknowledge that it will be heartbreaking."" ""You're certainly in for a lot of emotion  she told HarpersBazaar.com in a new interview. [It's] incredibly bittersweet  beautiful and heartbreaking."" As any fan of the show knows  AMC's zombie apocalypse drama has always been heartbreaking -- evidenced in this season's premiere when two of the show's beloved cast members fell victim to Negan  played by Jeffrey Dean Morgan. As always  the cast held a traditional sendoff  or so called ""death dinner  for their fallen cast members. It's funny when I stop to think about calling them death dinners. It's such a frequent part of our lingo that I forget how absurd it is  like spying on your own funeral  Cohan explained. We've had some of our best nights together at them. There's always a lot of tears  but we also have bonfires and play games and get to tell the family member leaving how much we love them -- and  you know  completely embarrass them."""	Legit
Entertainment	रैपर विज खलीफा ने पाब्लो एस्कोबार की कब्र की यात्रा के लिए नाराजगी जताई	अमेरिकी रैप कलाकार वाइज खलीफा ने कोलंबिया की अपनी यात्रा पर काफी विवादों में घिर गए हैं। मेडेलिन में एक समारोह में प्रदर्शन करने के लिए एक यात्रा के दौरान सेलिब्रिटी ने अपने इंस्टाग्राम अकाउंट पर तस्वीरें पोस्ट कीं जिसमें उन्होंने कोलंबियाई ड्रग लॉर्ड पाब्लो एस्कोबार को श्रद्धांजलि दी। रैपर ने कब्र के हेडस्टोन पर रंगीन फूलों की एक तस्वीर पोस्ट की। Wiz Khalifa ने उनकी धूम्रपान की कई तस्वीरें भी पोस्ट कीं जो Escobar की कब्र के पास मारिजुआना प्रतीत होती हैं और साथ ही उनकी एक संपत्ति के बाहर पोज़ देते हुए - 80 के दशक में Escobar के जीवन पर एक बमबारी और प्रयास का स्थल - पूर्व के स्वामित्व में दवा के स्वामी जो 1993 में मेडेलिन में अधिकारियों के साथ गोलीबारी में मारे गए।	Legit
Entertainment	हम सभी जानते हैं कि दाईं ओर टॉमी लारेन क्यों नाराज हैं	"कंजर्वेटिव डार्लिंग-परिया तोमी लाह्रेन महिलाओं के बारे में सही सोच के साथ एक दुर्घटना कोर्स कर रही है। लाहरन 24 वर्षीय एक वीडियो के लिए जाने जाते हैं, जो एक आत्म-उत्तेजित स्वर में दिया जाने वाला वीडियो है, जिसने दक्षिणपंथी मीडिया के भीतर तेजी से लोकप्रियता हासिल की। वह एक युवा ब्लोंड के रूप में राय देती थी और एक रूढ़िवादी के रूप में सेक्स अपील का उपयोग करने के लिए रूढ़िवादी और बेपरवाह थी। ""ऐसा लगता है कि नारीवादी अभिव्यक्ति की स्वतंत्रता के बारे में इतने लंबे समय तक हैं जब तक कि महिलाएं अधिक वजन वाली या ट्रांसजेंडर नहीं होती हैं, वह एक वीडियो में कहती हैं। एक युवा, आकर्षक, रूढ़िवादी महिला होने के नाते, उन्होंने उस तरह की चौंकाने वाली टिप्पणी करने के लिए अपना कवर दिया, जो अन्य प्रकार से डूब गई होंगी।"" करियर - उदाहरण के लिए, यह सुझाव देते हुए, कि सीरियाई शरणार्थी अपने जीवन (और अपने बच्चों के जीवन) के लिए भाग रहे थे, वे कायर थे जो अपने देश की रक्षा करने के लिए नहीं रुकते थे। अमेरिकी खड़े होकर विश्वास परिवार के लिए लड़ते हैं और स्वतंत्रता पाठ को पढते हैं। खुद की एक छवि, जिसे उसने ट्वीट किया था। सीरियाई भाग गए। """	Legit
Entertainment	"""वॉकिंग डेड"" स्टार लॉरेन कोहन का कहना है कि कास्ट ""डेथ डिनर"" रखती है"	"एएमसी के ""वॉकिंग डेड"" की स्टार लॉरेन कोहेन का कहना है कि उनके कलाकारों के सदस्यों के पास बॉन्डिंग का एक अनूठा तरीका है। ""हम अपने साथी कलाकारों के सदस्यों के लिए नकली अंत्येष्टि करना पसंद करते हैं। हम दिखावा करते हैं कि वे कमरे में नहीं हैं और कहते हैं कि व्यक्ति के बारे में यादों, चुटकुलों और यादों को साझा करें। मैं कह सकता हूं कि हमारे पास हास्य की भावना है।"""	Fake
Entertainment	कैटी पेरी एक ऑटो दुर्घटना में मारे गए प्रशंसक को श्रद्धांजलि देती है	"कैटी पेरी ने एक 18 वर्षीय सुपरफैन को विशेष श्रद्धांजलि दी है जो एक कार दुर्घटना में मारे गए थे। श्रेवेपोर्ट लुइसियाना में एबीसी संबद्ध केटीबीएस-टीवी के अनुसार, 18 वर्षीय केटी बेल का पिछले सप्ताह के अंत में निधन हो गया, जब वह अपनी कार से नियंत्रण खो बैठी और एक अन्य वाहन से टकरा गई। दूसरा ड्राइवर भी मारा गया। ""हम आपको परी देखते हैं और हम प्यार करते हैं और आपको याद करेंगे पेरी ने मंगलवार सुबह ट्वीट किया। केसी की लाइट कैटी के लिए एक मोमबत्ती। रेस्ट इन पीस।"" उन्होंने अपने ट्वीट में बेल के एक वीडियो को शामिल किया। बेल की मृत्यु के समाचार ने स्पष्ट रूप से हैशटैग RIPKatycatKatie को प्रेरित किया - पेरी प्रशंसकों ने खुद को ""कैटीकैट्स"" कहा - और पेरी ने खुद को नोटिस किया। बेल पेरी को और सम्मान देने के लिए उन्होंने अपने ट्विटर प्रोफाइल पर अपना नाम बदलकर बेल के हैशटैग कर लिया।"	Legit
Entertainment	मिशेल फ़िफ़्फ़र कहती हैं कि अब वह काम करने के लिए 'अधिक खुली' हैं कि उनके बच्चे बड़े हो गए हैं	"मिशेल फ़िफ़्फ़र इन दिनों बहुत व्यस्त कार्यक्रम का आनंद ले रहे हैं। इंटरव्यू पत्रिका के लिए निर्देशक डैरेन एरोनोफ़्स्की के साथ बात करते हुए उन्होंने कहा कि उनके हॉलीवुड करियर को बच्चे पैदा करने के बाद बैक बर्नर पर रखा गया था, लेकिन अब वह खेल में वापस आने के लिए तैयार हैं। ""मैंने अभिनय के लिए अपना प्यार कभी नहीं खोया है। मुझे फिल्म के सेट पर वास्तव में घर पर महसूस होता है। मैं एक और अधिक संतुलित व्यक्ति हूं, जब मैं काम कर रहा हूं, तो जब मैंने Pfeiffer काम किया है, तो एरोनोफस्की ने कहा। लेकिन मैं इस बात से बहुत सावधान था कि मैंने कितनी देर तक शूटिंग की। दूर था या नहीं, यह बच्चों के शेड्यूल के साथ काम करता था या नहीं। वह अब एक ""खाली नेस्टर है"" उसने कहा, उसकी बेटी क्लाउडिया रोज़ फ़िफ़र 24 है और बेटा जॉन हेनरी केली 22 साल का है। इसने उसे और अधिक भूमिकाएं लेने की क्षमता दी है। इस साल, वह एचबीओ के द विजार्ड ऑफ झूठ में दिखाई देगी। ""रॉबर्ट डी नीरो अरोनोफ़्स्की की"" माँ ""के साथ और अगाथा क्रिस्टी के"" मर्डर ऑन द ओरिएंट एक्सप्रेस का एक रूपांतरण जिसमें जॉनी डेप, जोश गड और पेनेलोप क्रूज़ भी होंगे। वह इंडी फिल्म में कहाँ है? जिसका प्रीमियर इस साल की शुरुआत में हुआ था।"	Legit
Entertainment	एंटी-गे ऑरलैंडो बैपटिस्ट प्रोटेस्टर्स द्वारा नीलामी में खरीदी गई बर्न बेबी बर्न जॉर्ज माइकल पोर्ट्रेट आग की लपटों में ऊपर जाती है	"वेस्टबोरो बैपटिस्ट की तरह, ऑरलैंडो बैप्टिस्ट समूह एक गुरुत्वाकर्षण पर नृत्य करने का मौका नहीं दे सकता था। कलाकार डेमियन हिर्स्ट द्वारा दिवंगत जॉर्ज माइकल के एक चित्र को समूह द्वारा पिछले सप्ताह एक चैरिटी नीलामी में सिर्फ आधा मिलियन पाउंड में बेचा गया है, जिन्होंने तुरंत अपने नफरत वाले अलाव के लिए इसे केंद्रबिंदु के रूप में आग लगा दी थी। स्वर्गीय गायकों की मृत्यु और महिमामंडन का स्पष्ट विरोध देर से आने वाले गायकों के सार्वजनिक स्मारक की सड़क के ठीक सामने किया गया। ""एक बार एक फ़्लेमर हमेशा एक फ़्लैमर"" एक संकेत पढ़ता है। लेकिन जॉर्ज माइकल ने एक विडंबनापूर्ण मोड़ में आखिरी हंसी प्राप्त कर ली हो सकता है कि चर्च ने न केवल पेंटिंग खरीदी, बल्कि इस बात से अनजान थे कि पैसा श्री हर्ट्स की गहरी जेब की गैलरी में नहीं जा रहा है, बल्कि इसके बदले में पैसा सुंदर सुंदर जॉर्ज माइकल की बिक्री से जुटाया गया था लव पेंटिंग एचआईवी / एड्स चैरिटी द गोस-माइकल फाउंडेशन में जाएगी। इस चैरिटी की स्थापना माइकल और उनके पूर्व साथी केनी गॉस ने की थी। गॉस ने इंस्टाग्राम पर कलाकृति की एक तस्वीर पोस्ट करते हुए लिखा: ""580 000 का अद्भुत परिणाम (लगभग £ 461 011)।"" उन्होंने डेमियन हेयरस्ट को ""सुपरस्टार"" के रूप में वर्णित किया: ""थैंक यू डेमियन"" कैनवास एमटीवी रे में डलास टेक्सास में हथौड़ा के नीचे चला गया: दान पर्व को परिभाषित करें। माइकल, जिन्होंने एक सफल एकल करियर की शुरुआत करने से पहले एक आधे जोड़ी धाम के रूप में एक आकर्षक पॉप करियर का आनंद लिया, पिछले साल क्रिसमस के दिन 53 साल की उम्र में निधन हो गया। """	Fake
Entertainment	कांग्रेस के बारे में नस्लीय रूप से आरोपित मजाक बनाने के बाद बिल ओ रेली ने माफी मांगी	"फॉक्स न्यूज के मेजबान बिल ओ'रेली ने मंगलवार को काले कांग्रेसियों के बाल काटने के आरोप में आग लगाने के बाद माफी मांगी। ""फॉक्स फ्रेंड्स ओ'रेली पर एक उपस्थिति के दौरान प्रतिनिधि की एक क्लिप के लिए प्रतिक्रिया व्यक्त की। मैक्सिन वाटर्स (डी-सीए) ने प्रतिनिधि सभा के फर्श पर भाषण दिया। मैंने एक शब्द नहीं सुना जो उसने कहा कि ओ'रिली ने कहा। वाटर्स। मैं जेम्स ब्राउन विग को देख रहा था। "" ""अगर हमारे पास जेम्स ब्राउन की तस्वीर है - यह वही विग है जिसे उन्होंने जोड़ा है। ट्विटर पर नस्लभेदी और सेक्सिस्ट दोनों के रूप में टिप्पणियों का व्यापक रूप से खंडन किया गया था, जहां ओ'रेली का नाम मंगलवार सुबह और दोपहर में ट्रेंड कर रहा था। मंगलवार दोपहर एक बयान में, ओ।"" 'रीली ने टिप्पणी के लिए खेद व्यक्त किया। जैसा कि मैंने कहा है कि मैंने कई बार कांग्रेसवालों मैक्सिन वाटर्स का सम्मान किया है, उनके विश्वास के प्रति ईमानदार होने के लिए। दुर्भाग्य से मैंने उसके बालों के बारे में एक मजाक भी किया जो गूंगा था। मैं माफी मांगता हूं। """	Legit
Entertainment	क्रिस प्रैट ने बॉडी शेमर्स को जवाब देते हुए कहा कि वह भड़कीले और बीमार दिख रहे हैं	बड़े या छोटे क्रिस प्रैट ने निश्चित रूप से यह सब सुना है, ब्रह्मांड स्टार 37 के संरक्षक नवीनतम अफवाहें नहीं ले रहे हैं कि वह बीमार रूप से झूठ बोल रहा है। प्रैट अपने भोजन का दस्तावेजीकरण कर रहे हैं, जिसे वह आगामी फिल्म जुरासिक वर्ल्ड 3 में फिल्माते हुए खा रहे हैं। वह इंस्टाग्राम पर बहुत ही बोल्ड तरीके से वापस आ रहे हैं क्योंकि कुछ अनुयायियों ने कहा कि उन्हें इंस्टाग्राम पर व्हाट्सएप माई स्नैक के बाद हड्डियों पर कुछ मांस प्राप्त करने की आवश्यकता है । कुछ ने कहा कि वह कंकाल की तरह दिखता है और उसे तेजी से मदद की जरूरत है। क्रिस ने कहा कि सिर्फ इसलिए कि वह पुरुष है इसका मतलब यह नहीं है कि शरीर को हिलाना चोट नहीं करता है।	Fake
Entertainment	एलेक बाल्डविन का कहना है कि वह 'एसएनएल' में डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प की भूमिका निभा रहे हैं।	"एलेक बाल्डविन ने खुलासा किया है कि वह ""सैटरडे नाइट लाइव"" पर डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प का किरदार निभाते हुए लगभग गुजर गए। अभिनेता ने अपनी अप्रैल कवर कहानी के लिए वैनिटी फेयर को बताया कि वह मूल रूप से ""एसएनएल"" निर्माता लोर्ने माइकल्स के ट्रम्प की भूमिका निभाने के प्रस्ताव पर पारित हुए थे, लेकिन एक फिल्म की भूमिका के बाद उनका मन बदल गया। ""मैं एक फिल्म करने वाला था। और जो लोग फिल्म कर रहे थे, उन्हें इस बात की गारंटी के लिए पैसे देने थे कि मुझे भुगतान मिलेगा, उन्होंने कवर स्टोरी के साथ एक वीडियो में कहा था। और उन्होंने पैसे एस्क्रौ में नहीं डाले। और ऐसा तब हुआ जब मैंने कहा कि मैं फिल्म करने नहीं जा रहा हूं और मैं लोर्ने के साथ काम करने जा रहा हूं। और मैं खुद से सोचता हूं कि 'अगर मैंने ऐसा नहीं किया होता तो?' ... यह इस अविश्वसनीय अवसर के लिए निकला है। "" बाल्डविन की छाप इतनी लोकप्रिय रही है कि उन्होंने इसे आगामी व्यंग्य पुस्तक में पिरोया है और इस वर्ष की शुरुआत में ""एसएनएल"" के मेजबान के रूप में रिकॉर्ड 17 वीं उपस्थिति दर्ज की। वह ट्रम्प के ""एसएनएल"" केट मैककिनोन और टीना फे के साथ काम करने और अपने नए संस्मरण में अपने जीवन की सर्वश्रेष्ठ भूमिका में अभिनय करने के बारे में बात करते हैं ""फिर भी अगले महीने बाहर होने के कारण। वैनिटी फेयर ने एक विशेष उद्धरण प्रकाशित किया।"	Legit
Entertainment	Ex-Fox News CFO में रोजर ऐलिस जांच में प्रतिरक्षा नहीं होगी	"पूर्व फॉक्स न्यूज के प्रमुख रोजर ऐलेस के खिलाफ लगाए गए यौन उत्पीड़न के आरोपों से उपजी संघीय जांच ने मंगलवार को एक रिपोर्ट के साथ एक नाटकीय मोड़ लिया कि अभियोजक फॉक्स न्यूज के सीएफओ मार्क क्रान्ज फॉक्स न्यूज के मुख्य वित्तीय अधिकारी की सेवानिवृत्ति तक किसी भी प्रतिरक्षा से इनकार करेंगे। CNNMoney द्वारा पुष्टि किए गए मामले की जानकारी के साथ जांच के दो स्रोतों के साथ उनके सहयोग के लिए अगस्त को अभियोजन पक्ष से अभियोजन पक्ष से प्रतिरक्षा की पेशकश की गई है। हालांकि, कोर्ट की तारीखों में सीएफओ द्वारा दिखाने से इनकार करने के बाद इन प्रस्तावों को खींच लिया गया है। 21 वीं सदी के फॉक्स ने फॉक्स न्यूज के कर्मचारियों को भुगतान छिपाकर निवेशकों को गुमराह किया, जिन्होंने आरोप लगाया कि उन्हें एइल्स द्वारा यौन उत्पीड़न किया गया था। जैसा कि सीएफओ क्रांज कंपनी के वित्तीय विवरण तैयार करने में सीधे तौर पर शामिल थे और इस प्रकार संभावित रूप से जांच में महत्वपूर्ण गवाह थे। क्रांज़ के वकील इस मामले पर टिप्पणी करने से इनकार कर दिया। न्याय विभाग और यूएस एट के प्रवक्ता न्यूयॉर्क के दक्षिणी जिले के लिए ओर्नी का कार्यालय, जो जांच को संभाल रहा है, ने भी टिप्पणी करने से इनकार कर दिया। """	Fake
Entertainment	एम्मा थॉम्पसन को LA में रहने के लिए 'बहुत मोटा' लगा	"ब्रिटिश अभिनेत्री एम्मा थॉम्पसन ने कहा है कि वह कभी लॉस एंजेलिस नहीं गईं क्योंकि उन्हें लगा कि जब वह गई थीं तो उन्हें ""बहुत मोटी"" समझा गया था। ""यह एक अजीब जगह है और मैं वहां नहीं रह सकता, उसने स्वीडिश चैट शो स्केवलन को बताया। ऑस्कर विजेता ने अभिनेत्रियों पर पतले होने के दबाव की भी निंदा की। एनोरेक्सिया - अब बहुत सारे बच्चे लड़कियां और लड़के हैं और अभिनेत्रियां जो बहुत हैं। बहुत पतले जो अपने 30 के दशक में हैं [और] बस वह नहीं खाता है। स्टार ने यह भी खुलासा किया कि उसने 2008 की फिल्म ब्रिजेशेड पर काम करना छोड़ देने की धमकी दी थी। : निर्माताओं ने उससे कहा 'क्या तुम कुछ वजन कम करोगे?' 'वह बिल्कुल उत्तम थी। ""मैंने उनसे कहा' यदि आप किसी भी स्तर पर इस बारे में उससे दोबारा बात करेंगे तो मैं यह तस्वीर छोड़ दूंगी। आप ऐसा कभी नहीं कर सकते हैं '।"	Legit
Entertainment	कैरी फिशर और डेबी रेनॉल्ड्स के सार्वजनिक स्मारक से क्या उम्मीद करें:	"""शुक्रवार को कुछ चुनिंदा लोगों को कैरी फिशर और उनकी मां डेबी रेनॉल्ड्स को विदाई देने का मौका मिलेगा, जिनकी मार्च में दस दिन पहले मौत हो गई थी। स्मारक को नास्तिक राष्ट्रीय मंदिर में सुबह 7 बजे ईटी में रखा जाएगा। किसी को भी अनुमति नहीं दी जाएगी।"" पहले 50 टिकट खरीदे बिना प्रवेश करने के लिए, इससे होने वाली आय बाद में होने वाली मानसिक स्वास्थ्य देखभाल के लिए एक चैरिटी में जाएगी। कार्यवाही कहीं और से नहीं बल्कि मंदिर के अंदर देखी जा सकेगी। रेनॉल्ड्स का बेटा बिली। बॉब टॉड जॉन ने वैनिटी फेयर को बताया कि स्मारक ऐसा कुछ नहीं था जिसकी उन्हें उम्मीद थी और वह नहीं चाहते थे कि कोई भी इसमें शामिल हो। ""वह अपने प्रशंसकों से नफरत करती थी और तमाशा देखती थी। वह इस प्रदर्शन से शर्मिंदा होंगी। ”"	Fake
Entertainment	सियाना मिलर नई भूमिका के लिए स्क्रिप्ट की प्रशंसा करते हैं	सिएना मिलर ने अपनी नई फिल्म - लॉस्ट सिटी ऑफ जेड के निर्देशक और पटकथा लेखक के लिए उच्च प्रशंसा की है। वह अमेज़ॅन एक्सप्लोरर पर्सी फवेट (चार्ली हन्नम द्वारा निभाई गई) के लिए वफादार और सहायक पत्नी की भूमिका निभाती है, जो एक रहस्यमय खो शहर की खोज करता है। यह एक सच्ची कहानी का रूपांतरण है। चरित्र के साथ उनकी समानता की भावना ने उन्हें निर्देशक को स्क्रिप्ट के एक हाथ की नकल वाले खंड के साथ पेश करने के लिए प्रेरित किया, जिसे निर्देशक ने बाद में सिएना के लिए एक वसीयतनामा के रूप में तैयार किया।	Fake
Entertainment	एल्विस कोस्टेलो ब्लास्ट्स कान्ये ओवर एल्बम री रिलीज़	बीबीसी के साथ एक साक्षात्कार में 6 कॉस्टेलो ने टिप्पणी की कि सर पॉल मैककार्टनी के काम को फिर से करने के लिए कान्ये का बहुत विचार एक गंदे लंगोट के रूप में घृणित था और बस अपील के रूप में। एडेल के निर्माता मैट एवरिट ने कहा है कि जबकि 'फूल' इन द डर्ट 'मैककार्टनी के सबसे अच्छे एल्बमों में से एक था, उन्होंने इस कलाकार के लिए प्रशंसकों के लिए सार्वजनिक अपील नहीं देखी कि वह इस काम का पता लगाए। दोनों समूहों के प्रशंसक आधार इतने अलग हैं, केवल माइकल जैक्सन के स्टार कैलिबर वाले किसी व्यक्ति को उस करतब का प्रयास करना चाहिए। शायद कान्ये को प्रिंस एस्टेट से संपर्क करना चाहिए और अपने कुछ अप्रकाशित कार्यों को खरीदने की पेशकश करनी चाहिए।	Fake
Entertainment	वह अपने संगीत निर्माण या गायक-गीतकार के कौशल के लिए पुरस्कार जीतने से बहुत परिचित नहीं है, लेकिन फैरेल विलियम्स के प्रारंभिक जीवन के बारे में लोग जो जानते हैं वह मूल रूप से कुछ भी नहीं है। उसे कोई उम्मीद नहीं थी और सपने और संगीत बस उसकी गोद में समा गए। वह एक फिल्म रीमेक का निर्माण करेंगे, लेकिन संभवत: कोई और उसके लिए इसे खत्म कर देगा।	"वाशिंगटन में, पहली महिला मेलानिया ट्रम्प, अमेरिकी राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प की तीसरी पत्नी, ने व्हाइट हाउस में अंतर्राष्ट्रीय महिला दिवस पर महिलाओं के लिए समानता और स्वतंत्रता के बारे में बात की। आमंत्रित केवल लंच उच्च समाज की महिलाओं से भरा था, जो मेलानिया के कहने के लिए ग्रहणशील थीं। मेलानिया ने कहा ""एक आप्रवासी महिला के रूप में, मैं उन चुनौतियों और कठिनाइयों को जानती हूं जो सभी महिलाएं करती हैं - जो अमेरिका से हैं, और वे नहीं।"" उन्होंने कहा कि महिलाओं के मुद्दों पर एक महत्वपूर्ण विषय होगा, जिसे वह फर्स्ट लेडी कहती हैं।"	Fake
Entertainment	टॉम्ब रेडर: लारा क्रॉफ्ट के रूप में एलिसिया विकेंडर की पहली तस्वीर जारी की गई	"लारा क्रॉफ्ट के खुलासे के रूप में एलिसिया विकेंडर की पहली तस्वीर के रूप में यह एक टॉम्ब रेडर है। स्वीडिश ऑस्कर विजेता नवीनतम वीडियो गेम फ्रैंचाइज़ी से खींची जाने वाली नवीनतम फिल्म में एंजेलिना जोली से लेती है। बताया गया है कि फिल्म को रिबूट के रूप में बताया गया है जो 2013 में जारी टॉम्ब रेडर गेम के कथानक से ली गई एक मूल कहानी है। इसे रोबर उथुग नाम के निर्देशक ने मार्च 2018 में रिलीज़ किया है। विकेंडर ने द डैनिश गर्ल के लिए ऑस्कर जीता। लारा ""वास्तव में प्रतिष्ठित चरित्र"" के रूप में ""कई युवा महिलाओं के लिए एक मॉडल"" के रूप में कार्य करता है। ""वह दुनिया में अपनी जगह बनाने की कोशिश कर रही है और अपने अतीत को 28-वर्षीय वैनिटी फेयर के साथ अपने भविष्य से जोड़ने की कोशिश कर रही है। नॉर्वेजियन निर्देशक उथागुग ने कहा कि फिल्म - जो डोमिनिक वेस्ट को क्रॉफ्ट के पिता के रूप में भी दर्शाती है - न केवल लारा के लिए ध्यान केंद्रित करेगी। ताकत और शारीरिक उपलब्धियाँ लेकिन उसकी मानवता ”।"	Legit
Entertainment	मिशेल फ़िफ़र कहती हैं कि अब वह 'आराम और विश्राम की ओर देख रही हैं' कि उनके बच्चे बड़े हो गए हैं	"""मिशेल फ़िफ़र"" आजकल बहुत खाली समय का आनंद ले रहा है। हमने इंटरव्यू मैग्नेज़ के लिए डैरेन एरोनोफ़्स्की के निर्देशन के साथ बात की, जिन्होंने कहा कि पिफ़्फ़र का हॉलीवुड करियर उनके बच्चों के होने के बाद नहीं था, और उन्होंने एक माँ होने के नाते और अभिनेत्री के रूप में अविश्वसनीय रूप से कड़ी मेहनत की। लेकिन अब जब वे बड़े हो गए हैं, तो उन्होंने फैसला किया है कि उन्हें एक लंबी छुट्टी चाहिए। ""मैंने अभिनय के लिए अपना प्यार कभी नहीं खोया है, लेकिन मुझे ऐसा लगता है कि यह कुछ आराम और विश्राम का समय है, और मैं अपने बाकी सालों में यात्रा और परिवार के साथ समय बिताने के लिए दुनिया और जीवन का आनंद लेना चाहता हूं।"" उनके बच्चे क्लाउडिया रोज़ फ़िफ़र 24 साल के हैं, और उनका बेटा जॉन हेनरी केली 22 साल का है। इस साल, मिशेल फ़िफ़र किसी भी टेलीविजन शो या फिल्मों में अभिनय नहीं करेंगे। वह मानती है कि उसने काफी काम किया है और अपने बच्चों को खुद के बच्चे देखना पसंद करेगी।"	Fake
Entertainment	रीज़ विदरस्पून और पति बेटे की शिक्षा पर बहस करते हैं	"अभिनेत्री रीज़ विदरस्पून और उनके पति अपने बेटे, टेनेसी के, भविष्य की शिक्षा के बारे में ला कॉफ़ी शॉप में गर्म चर्चा कर रहे थे। ऑस्कर-विजेता यह कहते हुए सुनकर हैरान रह गया कि वह चाहती थी कि उसका बेटा घर-स्कूल में पढ़े, लेकिन उसके पति, टोथ ने दंपतियों की व्यस्तताओं का हवाला देते हुए एक बड़ी बाधा के रूप में प्रभावी ढंग से एक घर की शिक्षा को आगे बढ़ाने में असहमति जताई। विदरस्पून ने 2011 में अपने पति से शादी की और यह हाल ही में, सार्वजनिक रूप से, झगड़ा सिर्फ एक और घटना है जो एक तेजी से परेशान रिश्ते को जोड़ता है। हाल ही में ट्वीट करते हुए, ""जब मैं काम कर रहा हूं तो इस छोटे से आदमी को मिस करें"" सफल अभिनेत्री अपने परिवार के लिए एक करीबी कनेक्शन की तलाश में हो सकती है।"	Fake
Entertainment	'DWTS': पहले जोड़े को खत्म किया गया ...	"""डांसिंग विद द स्टार्स"" की पहली सेलेब ने आलोचना की थी कि ""इतना कड़ा"" होने के लिए। दुर्भाग्य से क्रिस Kattan अपने अतीत में एक गंभीर चोट के कारण मदद नहीं कर सकता है। पूर्व ""एसएनएल"" स्टार ने सोमवार रात शो के एक वीडियो में साझा किया कि उन्होंने 14 साल पहले अपनी गर्दन तोड़ दी थी और तब से कई सर्जरी हुई हैं जो उनकी गति को प्रभावित करती हैं। ""मैं जो भी करता था उसका हिस्सा शारीरिक कॉमेडी था लेकिन अब मैं नहीं कर सकता कट्टन ने उसकी आँखों में आँसू के साथ कहा। यह वास्तव में बहुत दुख की बात है जब कोई कहता है 'मुझे पुरानी क्रिस की याद आती है।"" यह सुनने के लिए बेकार है। कट्टन द्वारा अपनी सभी सर्जिकल पिंस के साथ उसकी पीठ का एक्स-रे दिखाए जाने के बाद उसकी डांस पार्टनर विटनी कार्सन भी आँसू में बह गई। ""यह पागल है कि किसी के साथ ऐसा हो सकता है और फिर कुछ ऐसा प्रयास करने के लिए पर्याप्त बहादुर हो।"""	Legit
Entertainment	शैलेन वुडले पाइपलाइन के विरोध पर जेल से बचने के लिए सौदा करने के लिए पहुँचता है	अमेरिकी अभिनेत्री शैलेन वुडली ने डकोटा एक्सेस तेल पाइपलाइन के विरोध में अपनी भागीदारी के लिए एक दलील का सौदा किया है। डायवर्जेंट सीरीज़ के वुडली स्टार पिछले साल अक्टूबर में गिरफ्तार किए गए 27 लोगों में से एक थे। उसने अब एक दस्तावेज पर हस्ताक्षर किए हैं जिसमें दुष्कर्म के लिए दोषी ठहराए जाने के लिए सहमति व्यक्त की गई है ताकि वह जेल जाने से बच सके। पाइपलाइन परियोजना अत्यधिक विवादास्पद रही है और विशाल विरोध प्रदर्शनों को खींचा गया है। मूल अमेरिकियों का कहना है कि यह पवित्र भूमि को उजाड़ देगा और पर्यावरण को नुकसान पहुंचाएगा।	Legit
Entertainment	ओलिविया न्यूटन-जॉन ने 'ग्रीस ’की 40 वीं वर्षगांठ के लिए जॉन ट्रावोल्टा के साथ पुनर्मिलन के संकेत दिए	"प्रशंसकों के लिए अच्छी खबर है उम्मीद है कि ""ग्रीस"" सितारे जॉन ट्रैवोल्टा और ओलिविया न्यूटन-जॉन को समर्पित हैं। न्यूटन-जॉन ने ब्रिटेन के द मिरर को बताया कि 1978 की फिल्म की 40 वीं वर्षगांठ के अवसर पर एक पुनर्मिलन अगले साल हो सकता है। ऑस्ट्रेलियाई अभिनेत्री और गायिका 68 ने पुष्टि की कि वह और ट्रावोल्टा एक पुनर्मिलन के लिए विचारों पर चर्चा कर रहे हैं, लेकिन उन्होंने किसी भी विवरण को विभाजित नहीं किया। लास वेगास में हार्ड रॉक लाइव में फेम अवार्ड्स के आगे बोलते हुए, जहाँ वह आईकॉन अवार्ड प्राप्त कर रहे थे, न्यूटन-जॉन ने द मिरर को बताया ""हम तरीके सोच रहे हैं। अभी तक घोषणा करने के लिए कुछ भी नहीं।"" ""'ग्रीस' की चालीस साल की सालगिरह, जिस पर मुझे विश्वास नहीं हो रहा है कि वह जारी है। समय इतनी तेजी से आगे बढ़ रहा है। यह बहुत रोमांचक है।"" शो की बिजनेस में 50 साल से पहले रिटायर होने से पहले 40 वीं सालगिरह को चिह्नित करना न्यूटन-जॉन की आखिरी प्रदर्शन में से एक हो सकता है। ""जैसा कि समय बीतता है मैं कम करने और अधिक समय देने के बारे में सोचता हूं, लेकिन यह पहली बार नहीं होगा कि विचार उसके दिमाग को पार कर गया है। पिछले 20 वर्षों से हर साल मुझे लगता था कि मैं सेवानिवृत्त हो रहा हूं और फिर किसी को। 'इस बारे में कैसे?' और यह 'ओह कि मजेदार लग रहा है' या 'कैसे इस बारे में?' '' न्यूटन-जॉन ने स्वीकार किया। ""ऐसी चीजें जिनके बारे में मैं कभी नहीं सोचूंगा।"""	Legit
Entertainment	शॉन स्पाइसर ने रिपोर्टर से कहा 'अपना सिर हिलाना बंद करो'	"व्हाइट हाउस के प्रेस सचिव सीन स्पाइसर ने मंगलवार को अपने दैनिक प्रेस ब्रीफिंग में एक एक्सचेंज के दौरान ""अपने सिर को हिलाना बंद"" करने के लिए एक रिपोर्टर से कहा। अमेरिकी शहरी रेडियो नेटवर्क के लिए अप्रैल रायन वाशिंगटन ब्यूरो प्रमुख द्वारा स्पाइसर नाराज दिखाई दिए, जब उन्होंने पूछा कि रूस के साथ अपने संबंधों की रिपोर्ट के बाद राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प का प्रशासन अपनी छवि को सुधारने के लिए क्या करेगा। स्पाइसर ने आधार पर आपत्ति जताते हुए कहा: ""मैं यहां आपके एजेंडे की सराहना करता हूं। कुछ बिंदुओं पर तथ्यों की रिपोर्ट करें।"" उन्होंने कहा कि ट्रम्प के सहयोगियों और रूसी अधिकारियों के बीच पिछले साल के चुनाव में हस्तक्षेप करने पर कोई भी मिलीभगत साबित नहीं हुई है, ""अगर राष्ट्रपति ने आज रात अपने सलाद ड्रेसिंग को किसी तरह से रूसी संबंध में रखा हो तो वह रूसी कनेक्शन है।"" स्पाइसर ने कहा कि रयान व्हाइट हाउस की अपनी छवि पेश करने पर ""नर्क-तुला"" दिखाई दिया, जब उसने पूछा कि ट्रम्प पूर्व विदेश मंत्री कोंडोलीज़ा राइस के साथ संबंध सुधारने के लिए क्या कर रहे हैं जो उनके अभियान का समर्थन नहीं करते थे और राष्ट्रपति के साथ बैठक कर रहे थे इस सप्ताह। ""कृपया अपना सिर हिलाना बंद करें। स्पाइसर ने रेयान से कहा। उन्होंने कहा कि राष्ट्रपति समर्थकों और विरोधियों दोनों के साथ पुल बनाने का वादा पूरा कर रहे थे।"	Legit
Entertainment	"""डांसिंग विद द स्टार्स"": पहले युगल ने नृत्य प्रतियोगिता जीती"	"""डांसिंग विद द स्टार्स"" में पहले सेलेब कपल ने हर दौर में कई बार जीत दर्ज की और कठोर निर्णय लिया गया। इसके बावजूद क्रिस कट्टान अपने अतीत से काफी खफा थे। सोमवार रात दिखाई गई चोट के बारे में एक वीडियो में क्रिस कटान ने एक पूर्व ""एसएनएल"" स्टार को दुनिया के सामने साझा किया। उन्हें 10 साल पहले हाथ की चोट लगी थी। यह जानते हुए कि कई सर्जरी के कारण उन्हें कुछ सीमितता थी, क्रिस को यह जानने के लिए विनम्र होना पड़ा कि वे डांस पार्टनर विटनी कार्सन के साथ ""डांसिंग विद स्टार्स"" पर इतने सारे अन्य योग्य डांसिंग कपल में से विजेता हैं। एक बार ""एसएनएल"" पर शारीरिक हास्य प्रदर्शन किया और अब उनकी आँखों में खुशी के आँसू हैं, यह कहते हुए कि उन्होंने इसे अंतिम दौर में लाने के लिए वास्तव में कड़ी मेहनत की।"	Fake
Entertainment	CinemaCon में 'पाइरेट्स ऑफ द कैरेबियन 5' के लिए पहली नकारात्मक प्रतिक्रिया	"लास वेगास के सिनेमाकॉन में बुधवार रात वॉल्ट डिज़नी स्टूडियो ने अपने ""पाइरेट्स ऑफ द कैरेबियन"" फ्रैंचाइज़ी ""डेड मेन टेल नो टेल्स"" में चौथी किस्त का अनावरण किया। प्रेस थिएटर मालिकों और प्रदर्शकों सहित उपस्थित लोगों की शुरुआती प्रतिक्रियाएँ काफी हद तक नकारात्मक थीं, निंदा की। फ्रैंचाइज़ी और ज़बरदस्त वीएफएक्स के लिए वापसी। 22 मई तक आधिकारिक समीक्षा जारी है। दंगल फिल्म में जॉनी डेप की वापसी कैप्टन जैक स्पैरो और जेफ्री रश ने बारबोसा के रूप में की है और ब्रेंटन थ्वेट्स और काया सहित एक नई युवा कलाकार का परिचय दिया है। स्कोडेलेरियो। जेवियर बर्डेम एक भूतिया खलनायक के साथ एक खलनायक की भूमिका निभाता है क्योंकि वे सभी उच्च समुद्रों पर पोसीडॉन के त्रिशूल की खोज करते हैं। ऑरलैंडो ब्लूम विल स्पैरो के रूप में भी लौटते हैं जो 2007 की ""एट द वर्ल्ड्स एंड"" के बाद से ""समुद्री डाकू"" फिल्म में नहीं थे। """" डेड मेन टेल नो नो टेल्स ""2011 की"" ऑन स्ट्रेंजर्स टाइड्स ""के बाद पहली"" पाइरेट्स ""फिल्म है और जोकिम आर; नीनिंग और एस्पेन सैंडबर्ग द्वारा निर्देशित पहली फिल्म है। स्टूडियो के लिए दुनिया भर में 3.73 बिलियन से अधिक और इस चौथी फिल्म पर कुछ दबाव है कि पिछली फिल्मों की भारी सफलताओं को जारी रखने के साथ-साथ अपनी सुस्त प्रतिष्ठा को भी भुनाया। """	Fake
Entertainment	क्या वास्तव में 'स्कैंडल' पर मृत है?	"अभी उसे ग्लेडियेटर्स दफन मत करो। ""स्कैंडल"" पर हूक की भूमिका निभाने वाले अभिनेता के पास प्रशंसकों के लिए आशा के कुछ शब्द हैं जो पिछले सप्ताह के क्लिफहैंगर एपिसोड के बारे में परेशान थे जिसमें उनके चरित्र को कई बार शूट किया गया था। गिलर्मो डियाज़ लोगों को याद रखने के लिए आगाह कर रहे हैं कि ""स्कैंडल"" अक्सर आश्चर्य से भरा होता है। अभिनेता ने आज रात को बताया कि जिस स्क्रिप्ट में मेग ने हक को गोली मारी थी, ""उसने मुझे उड़ा दिया - जिसका कोई इरादा नहीं था।"" ""मेरी प्रतिक्रिया यह थी कि मैं पूरी तरह से अविश्वास में था, लेकिन बहुत उत्साहित भी था। उन्होंने कहा कि यह इतनी शानदार पटकथा है। यह एक अभिनेता के रूप में मैं बहुत रोमांचित था।"" डियाज ने कहा कि शो के निर्माता शोंडा राइम्स को इतना उत्साह लाने का श्रेय दिया जा सकता है।"	Legit
Entertainment	डेविड बॉवी के पियानो के साथ NYC अपार्टमेंट प्रति माह 10,000.00 के लिए किराए पर लेगा	आपके पास न्यूयॉर्क में टाइम्स स्क्वायर की अनदेखी छत के साथ जीवन भर का अवसर हो सकता है। आपके पास भवन को 64 मिलियन में खरीदने का अवसर भी होगा। यह इमारत कभी डेविड और उनकी प्यारी पत्नी इमान के स्वामित्व में थी। यह एक महान सौदा है और सोमवार को बाजार में रखा गया था। उन्होंने अपनी शादी के 01 साल बाद इस इमारत को बेच दिया, यामाहा पियानो जो सोने की परत चढ़ा हुआ था उसे बिक्री में शामिल किया गया था और आज भी है। वर्तमान विक्रेताओं की पियानो में कोई रुचि नहीं है और इसे नए मालिकों के लिए छोड़ दिया है। मेरा विचार है कि पियानो को स्थानांतरित करना मुश्किल होगा लेकिन कोरन एजेंसी के अनन्य एजेंट बर्निस लेवेंथल द्वारा बताए गए संभावित खरीदारों के लिए यह एक बड़ा सौदा है। वर्तमान मालिकों द्वारा 1,778 वर्ग फुट के घर का उपयोग नहीं किया जा रहा है। इसमें एक आलीशान फ़ोयर, कई वॉक-इन कोठरी, 3 मास्टर बेडरूम के साथ 2 मास्टर स्नान, गर्म शौचालय, फर्श और वॉल्टेड छत हैं। घर बुलाने के लिए यह एक अद्भुत जगह है।	Fake
Entertainment	6.5 करोड़ में डेविड बॉवी के पियानो की विशेषता वाला NYC अपार्टमेंट	"न्यूयॉर्क सिटी अपार्टमेंट में सेंट्रल पार्क के अबाधित दृश्यों का आनंद लेते हुए दिवंगत डेविड बॉवी के पियानो बजाने का मौका आपके लिए 6.495 मिलियन हो सकता है। बॉवी और उनकी पत्नी इमान के स्वामित्व वाले तीन-बेडरूम अपार्टमेंट में सोमवार को एक दो बार स्नान किया। दंपति ने वेड के 10 साल बाद 2002 में सेंट्रल पार्क साउथ के एसेक्स हाउस में स्थित अपार्टमेंट को बेच दिया। बोवी के यामाहा पियानो को 2002 की बिक्री में शामिल किया गया था और तब से वह अपार्टमेंट में ही है। वर्तमान विक्रेता जिन्होंने बॉवी और ईमान से अपार्टमेंट नहीं खरीदा था, वे लिस्टिंग मूल्य में पियानो को शामिल करके परंपरा को जीवित रखे हुए हैं। ""मुझे लगता है कि यह स्थानांतरित करना कठिन है, लेकिन मुझे लगता है कि यह वास्तव में अपार्टमेंट के अनन्य एजेंट, कोरकोरन समूह के बर्निस लेवेंटल के खरीदारों के लिए एक बड़ी पकड़ है, एबीसी न्यूज को बताया। 1,877-वर्ग फुट का घर एक चितकबरे के रूप में उपयोग किया जाता है। इसके वर्तमान मालिकों द्वारा टेरी। इसमें एक चूना पत्थर फ़ोयर, वॉक-इन कोठरी, दो मास्टर-आकार के बेडरूम और वर्षा स्नान और गर्म फर्श के साथ एक मास्टर स्नान है।"	Legit
Entertainment	रैपर विज खलीफा ने पाब्लो एस्कोबार की कब्र पर जाने पर अपने आलोचकों को अपनी टिप्पणियों से अवगत कराया	अमेरिका के रैप कलाकार वाइज़ खलीफा आम तौर पर अपनी सार्वजनिक हरकतों के साथ विवाद और नकारात्मक आलोचना करते हैं। हालांकि, यह मामला नहीं था जब उन्होंने कोलंबियाई ड्रग लॉर्ड पाब्लो एस्कोबार की संपत्ति और दफन स्थान का दौरा किया। रैपर ने कब्र पर खुद की एक तस्वीर पोस्ट की जिसमें एक टिप्पणी के साथ काले फूल थे कि फूल यह दिखाने का एक तरीका था कि उसे लगा कि यह किसी के जीवन जीने का कोई तरीका नहीं है। उन्होंने संपत्ति के बाहर खुद की एक तस्वीर भी पोस्ट की - जहां उन्होंने उल्लेख किया कि यहां क्या हुआ था - एस्कोबार के जीवन पर बमबारी और प्रयास की साइट - एक ऐसा जीवन नहीं था कि बच्चों को आज किसी भी तरह से ग्लैमराइज करना चाहिए।	Fake
Entertainment	'बेट्स मोटल' अंतिम सीज़न में 'साइको' में फिसल गया	"जाने-माने गुणों से निपटने के दौरान रचनात्मक जोखिम लेने और पवित्रता के बीच एक अच्छी रेखा है। हालांकि ""बेट्स मोटल"" ने बाद में ऐसा नहीं किया होगा कि यह ""साइको"" के लिए एक प्रीक्वल के रूप में खुद को बिल करने के अधिकार का त्याग कर दिया है। एई सीरीज़ हमेशा एक बिल्ट-इन एक्सपायरी डेट के साथ आती है, जिसमें रियल एस्टेट से बाहर निकलने के खतरे का सामना करना पड़ता है क्योंकि यह अल्फ्रेड हिचकॉक के 1960 हॉरर क्लासिक से संबंधित कहानी के माध्यम से चबाया गया था। समकालीन सेटिंग ने भी कार्यवाही को कम डरावना बना दिया, सेलफोन और अन्य आधुनिक उपकरणों के साथ जो तहखाने में अकेले होने की गतिशीलता को अपनी माँ की तरह कपड़े पहने हुए कहते हैं। फिर भी एक पांचवें और अंतिम सीज़न की घोषणा जो फिल्म के साथ ओवरलैप होगी, वास्तव में कुछ उत्साह पैदा करती है: एक बीमार सलाह के बाद इस कहानी में एक वैकल्पिक खिड़की की पेशकश की गई जिसमें यह भी शामिल था कि ये घटनाएँ नॉर्मन / नोर्मा बेट्स के परिप्रेक्ष्य से कैसे प्रकट हुईं।"	Legit
Entertainment	डेमी लोवाटो एक आदर्श किशोर छाप करते हैं	"डेमी लोवाटो एक किशोर की पूरी तरह से कानूनी छाप पसंद करते हैं। लोवाटो ""द टुनाइट शो"" में सोमवार रात को जिमी फॉलन के ""इव"" स्किट के दोबारा भाग में भाग लिया। आवश्यकताओं में एक हास्यास्पद स्पार्कली टॉप पिगटेल पहनना और गायक एड शीरन के चेहरे पर एक तकिया के साथ होंठों को लॉक करना शामिल था। तकिया को स्किट में फॉलन के चरित्र द्वारा ""क्रश कुशन"" करार दिया गया था। जबकि लोवेटो ने अपने शीरन तकिया के साथ अपने स्मूचिंग कौशल का अभ्यास किया, फालोन ने ""एक्स्ट्रा"" होस्ट मारियो लोपेज़ के चेहरे पर एक तकिया तक खींच लिया।"	Legit
Entertainment	क्रिस प्रैट ने बॉडी शेमर्स को जवाब दिया कि वे बहुत पतले हैं	"बड़े या छोटे क्रिस प्रैट ने यह सब सुना है। इन दिनों ""गार्डियंस ऑफ़ द गैलेक्सी"" स्टार 37 बहुत पतले होने के लिए फ्लैक ले रहा है लेकिन वह इसे लेट नहीं रहा है। ""व्हाट्स माय माई स्नैक"" की श्रृंखला में ""जुरासिक वर्ल्ड 2"" को फिल्माते हुए स्वस्थ स्नैक्स का दस्तावेजीकरण करते हुए प्रैट ने अपने सामान्य जीभ-इन-गाल तरीके से - जो कुछ अनुयायियों द्वारा स्पष्ट रूप से सुझाए जाने के बाद वापस लौटाए गए हैं। बहुत पतली। ""इतने सारे लोगों ने कहा है कि मैं अपने हाल के एपिसोड में बहुत पतली दिखती हूं जो उन्होंने गुरुवार को इंस्टाग्राम पर लिखा था। कुछ लोग 'कंकाल' देखने तक कह गए हैं।"" खैर सिर्फ इसलिए कि मैं एक पुरुष हूं इसका मतलब यह नहीं है कि मैं आपके फुसफुसाहट के प्रति अभेद्य हूं। शरीर को हिलाना दर्द होता है। """	Legit
Entertainment	विल स्मिथ नए शो बनाने के लिए फ्रेश प्रिंस पाल्स के साथ फिर से जुड़ता है	"विल स्मिथ द फ्रेश प्रिंस ऑफ बेल-एयर के कलाकारों के साथ वापस आ गए हैं, लेकिन इस बार क्लासिक 90 के सिटकॉम पर आधारित एक नया प्राइम-टाइम शो बनाना है। देर से गर्मियों में शुरू करने के लिए टैपिंग निर्धारित है। एक इंस्टाग्राम पोस्ट में, अल्फोंसो रिबेरो (शो में कार्लटन चरित्र) ने लिखा, """" मेरे नए परिवार के साथ दोपहर बिताने के लिए हमेशा अद्भुत। ""यह पूरा करने के लिए जेम्स एवरी अभी भी हमारे साथ है।"" एवरी, जिन्होंने अंकल फिल का चरित्र निभाया था, की 2013 में मृत्यु हो गई। ""हम नए शो में उनकी स्मृति को सम्मान देने का एक तरीका खोज लेंगे, वह मूल का ऐसा अभिन्न अंग थे।"" इंस्टाग्राम फोटो में, स्मिथ और रिबेरो को तात्याना अली (एशले) कार्न पार्सन्स (हिलेरी) डाफने मैक्सवेल रीड (विवियन) और जोसेफ मार्सेल (ज्योफ्री) ने शामिल किया था। """	Fake
Entertainment	एल्टन जॉन ने अपना 70 वां जन्मदिन नहीं मनाने का फैसला किया और घर पर ही रहे	"""एल्टन जॉन ने पार्टियों को नापसंद किया, इसलिए उन्होंने शनिवार की रात को अपना 70 वां जन्मदिन नहीं मनाया। अंग्रेजी गायक ने अपने दोस्तों के परिवार और कई ए-लिस्टर्स को नजरअंदाज कर दिया, जिन्होंने उनकी प्रशंसा की और लॉस एंजिल्स में रेड स्टूडियो में कार्यक्रम रद्द कर दिया। शाम नहीं थी। रॉब लोवे द्वारा होस्ट किया गया था और स्टीवी वंडर लेडी गागा रयान एडम्स द्वारा प्रदर्शनों को प्रदर्शित नहीं किया गया था, जैसा कि इसे बंद कर दिया गया था। नतीजतन आश्चर्य यह था कि लेडी गागा की मदद से ""हैप्पी बर्थडे"" का अपना प्रतिष्ठित प्रदर्शन नहीं किया गया था। यह कार्यक्रम वास्तव में कभी नहीं हुआ। उल्लास में एल्टन जॉन एड्स फाउंडेशन और हैमर म्यूजियम के लिए लाभ के रूप में काम करने वाले किसी भी सेलिब्रिटी ने शिरकत नहीं की। निम्नलिखित लोगों में से कोई नहीं: नील पैट्रिक हैरिस जॉन हैम हेइम हेइडम क्लम डकोटा जॉनसन जेनिफर टिली और। कैटी पेरी पार्टी में नहीं थीं - जैसा कि हुआ नहीं। """	Fake
Entertainment	लेनन पर सर पॉल मेकार्टनी	"कान्ये और उनकी अपनी संगीत विरासत ""सर पॉल मेकार्टनी के 80 के दशक के अंतिम एल्बम को द डर्ट में उनके सर्वश्रेष्ठ दशक में से एक के रूप में माना जाता है। उन्होंने नए संगीतकारों के साथ मिलकर नए निर्माता और एल्विस कोस्टेलो के रूप में एक नया गीतकार पार्टनर तैयार किया। और इसने 10 वर्षों में अपने पहले विश्व दौरे को प्रेरित किया। अब जैसा कि रिकॉर्ड पहले ही अनसुना डेमो के साथ फिर से जारी किया गया है, सर कॉस्टेल कान्ये वेस्ट और माइकल जैक्सन के साथ सहयोग करने के बारे में बीबीसी 6 म्यूजिक के मैट एवरिट से बात करते हैं - लेकिन मैं कभी काम क्यों नहीं करूंगा जॉन लेनन से बेहतर किसी के साथ। सर पॉल ने यह भी खुलासा किया कि वह एडेल के निर्माता के साथ एक नए एल्बम पर काम कर रहे हैं और उन्हें लगता है कि उनकी संगीत विरासत होगी।"	Legit
Entertainment	कैरी फिशर और डेबी रेनॉल्ड्स के सार्वजनिक स्मारक से क्या उम्मीद करें	"शनिवार को जनता को कैरी फिशर और उसकी माँ डेबी रेनॉल्ड्स को अंतिम विदाई देने का मौका मिलता है, जिनकी मृत्यु दिसंबर में एक दिन के अलावा हो गई थी। स्मारक दोपहर 1 बजे पीटी में वन लॉन कब्रिस्तान हॉलीवुड हिल्स में हॉल ऑफ लिबर्टी में आयोजित किया जाएगा। प्रशंसक पहले आओ-पहले पाओ के आधार पर उपस्थित हो सकते हैं और जब हॉल भर जाएगा तो वे बाहर खड़े होकर स्क्रीन पर सेवा देख सकेंगे। यह कैलिफोर्निया के लिए नहीं कर सकते? पूरी बात रेनॉल्ड्स की वेबसाइट पर लाइव-स्ट्रीम की जाएगी। रेनॉल्ड्स के बेटे टॉड फिशर ने वैरायटी को बहुत पहले नहीं बताया था कि स्मारक वह था जो उनकी मां चाहती थी। ""वह अपने प्रशंसकों से बहुत जुड़ी हुई थी और उन्हें लगा कि वे उसके हिस्से थे। टॉड फिशर ने यह भी कहा कि एक गीत का एक वीडियो जो जेम्स ब्लंट ने अपनी बहन को श्रद्धांजलि के रूप में लिखा था, स्मारक के दिन जारी किया जाएगा। ब्लंट। और कैरी फिशर अच्छे दोस्त थे, इससे पहले कि वह अपनी हिट के साथ प्रसिद्धि पाए आप सुंदर हैं वह वास्तव में उसके साथ रहते थे। यह आपके दिल को चीर सकता है फिशर ने गीत के बारे में कहा।"	Legit
Entertainment	फैरेल द म्यूजिकल: आपके पास एक स्क्रीन पर आ रहा है	"वह एक पुरस्कार विजेता संगीत निर्माता और गायक-गीतकार के रूप में परिचित हैं लेकिन फैरेल विलियम्स के शुरुआती जीवन के बारे में क्या जानते हैं? यदि उत्तर ""बहुत अधिक नहीं"" है जो जल्द ही विलियम्स के युवाओं के रूप में बदल सकता है, तो द हॉलीवुड रिपोर्टर के अनुसार बड़े स्क्रीन वाले संगीत को प्रेरित करना है। 43 विलियम्स अटलांटिस का उत्पादन करेंगे - गीतों के साथ रोमियो और जूलियट के रूप में वर्णित। ब्रॉडवे के निदेशक माइकल मेयर परियोजना के मार्गदर्शक हाथ के रूप में कार्य करेंगे। मेयर को सबसे ज्यादा ऐसे स्प्रिंग अवेकनिंग प्रोडक्शंस के लिए जाना जाता है, जिसके लिए उन्होंने एक टोनी पुरस्कार जीता और साथ ही अमेरिकन इडियट को ग्रीन डे के संगीत पर आधारित किया। अटलांटिस के लेखक मार्टिन हाइन्स होंगे जो वर्तमान में चौथी टॉय स्टोरी फिल्म पर काम कर रहे हैं।"	Legit
Entertainment	CinemaCon में 'पाइरेट्स ऑफ द कैरेबियन 5' पर पहली प्रतिक्रिया	"वॉल्ट डिज़नी स्टूडियो ने लास वेगास के सिनेमाकॉन में मंगलवार रात को अपने ""पाइरेट्स ऑफ द कैरेबियन"" फ्रेंचाइजी ""डेड मेन टेल नो टेल्स"" में पांचवीं किस्त का अनावरण किया। प्रेस थिएटर मालिकों और प्रदर्शकों सहित उपस्थित लोगों की शुरुआती प्रतिक्रियाएँ काफी हद तक सकारात्मक रूप से मताधिकार और अच्छी तरह से किए गए VFX के लिए वापसी का जश्न मना रही थीं। आधिकारिक समीक्षा 22 मई तक शुरू हो रही है। दंगल की फिल्म जॉनी डेप की कैप्टन जैक स्पैरो और जेफ्री रश की बारबोसा के रूप में वापसी होती है और ब्रेंटन थ्वाइट्स और काया स्कोडेलारियो सहित एक नए युवा कलाकार का परिचय देता है। जेवियर बर्डेम एक भयावह खलनायक के साथ एक खलनायक की भूमिका निभाता है क्योंकि वे सभी उच्च समुद्र पर पोसीडॉन के त्रिशूल की खोज करते हैं। ऑरलैंडो ब्लूम विल स्पैरो के रूप में भी वापसी करते हैं जो 2007 के ""एट द वर्ल्ड्स एंड"" के बाद से ""समुद्री डाकू"" फिल्म में नहीं आए हैं। ""डेड मेन टेल नो नो टेल्स"" 2011 की ""ऑन स्ट्रेंजर टाइड्स"" के बाद पहली ""पाइरेट्स"" फिल्म है और जोआचिम आर? नीनिंग और एस्पेन सैंडबर्ग द्वारा निर्देशित पहली है। आज तक फ्रैंचाइज़ी ने स्टूडियो के लिए दुनिया भर में 3.73 बिलियन से अधिक की कमाई की है और इस पांचवीं फिल्म पर पिछली फिल्मों की भारी सफलताओं को जारी रखने के लिए कुछ दबाव है, जबकि इसकी सुस्त प्रतिष्ठा को भी भुनाया है।"	Legit
Entertainment	लंदन के चैनल 4 का निजीकरण किया जाना है	"चैनल 2 के निजीकरण की योजनाओं को संस्कृति सचिव करेन ब्रैडली के अनुसार आगे बढ़ने की अनुमति मिली है। ब्रिटेन सरकार की योजना सार्वजनिक टेलीविजन चैनल से साल के अंत तक खुद को विभाजित करने की है। सरकारी बजट पर पैसा बचाने के प्रयास में, यूके सरकार ने गेटवे पार्टनर्स, इंक। के लिए कुछ अज्ञात के लिए चैनल 4 को बेचने की योजना बनाई है। गेटवे एक निजी इक्विटी फंड है जो व्यथित व्यवसायों के लिए जाना जाता है। सेक्रेटरी ब्रैडली ने कहा, ""चैनल 2 की बिक्री न केवल यूके के बजट के लिए बल्कि टेलीविजन उपभोक्ता के लिए भी अच्छी बात होगी। हमें विश्वास है कि बिक्री से ब्रॉडकास्टिंग स्टेशन में सुधार और बहुत जरूरी अपडेट के निवेश की आवश्यकता होगी। प्रसारण स्टेशन। "" सार्वजनिक रूप से स्वामित्व वाले चैनल में 800 से अधिक कर्मचारी हैं और पिछले 18 महीनों से सरकार द्वारा इस प्रस्ताव की समीक्षा की जा रही है।"	Fake
Entertainment	शैलीन वुडले ने पाइपलाइन पर जेल में भूख हड़ताल का नेतृत्व किया	अमेरिकी अभिनेत्री शैलेन वुडले ने उत्तरी डकोटा जेल के साथी कैदियों और गार्डों को घोषणा की है कि वह डकोटा एक्सेस तेल पाइपलाइन के खिलाफ भूख हड़ताल करेगी। वुडली डायवर्जेंट सीरीज़ की शुरुआत है। उसे 26 अन्य कार्यकर्ताओं के साथ पिछले साल अक्टूबर में डकोटा तेल पाइपलाइन साइट पर गिरफ्तार किया गया था। उसकी भूख हड़ताल को पूरे क्षेत्र में मूल अमेरिकी कार्यकर्ताओं द्वारा समर्थन और प्रशंसा की गई है, जो इस आधार पर पाइपलाइन का विरोध करते हैं कि यह उनकी पवित्र भूमि का उल्लंघन करेगा।	Fake
Entertainment	बफ्ता कांड के बाद ग्रह पृथ्वी रद्द	इसकी शुरुआती सफलता के बावजूद, बीबीसी एक प्रकृति वृत्तचित्र ग्रह पृथ्वी II, जिसे कई क्राफ्ट अवार्ड के लिए नामांकित किया गया था, ने बीबीसी के साथ अज्ञात संघर्ष के बाद नेटवर्क छोड़ दिया है। बीबीसी के एक अनाम स्रोत ने पुष्टि की कि ग्रह पृथ्वी के कार्यकारी निर्माता ने एक निजी बैठक में नस्लवादी टिप्पणी की, जिसके परिणामस्वरूप उनके सभी नौ नामांकन वापस ले लिए गए। प्लैनेट अर्थ के कार्यकारी निर्माता ने टिप्पणी करने से इनकार कर दिया है और तब से अपने ट्विटर अकाउंट को हटा दिया है। क्राफ्ट अवार्ड्स में वर्तमान फ्रंट रनर में नेटफ्लिक्स के द क्राउन और बीबीसी के द नाइट मैनेजर शामिल हैं।	Fake
Entertainment	कैसे How हड्डियों ’ने नई पीढ़ी की महिला वैज्ञानिकों को पाला	"शानदार डॉ। टेम्परेंस ब्रेनन (एमिली डेशनेल) के नेतृत्व में एक टीम द्वारा फटे हुए अक्सर-गॉरी अपराध के मामलों के 246 एपिसोड का निर्माण करने के बाद फॉक्स की ""हड्डियां"" मंगलवार को समाप्त हो रही हैं। लंबे समय से चल रही श्रृंखला की कुछ महिला दर्शकों के लिए यह शो एंटरटेनमेंट से बहुत अधिक है; इसने उन्हें विज्ञान में करियर बनाने के लिए प्रोत्साहित किया। मॉर्गन ओ। जॉन उनमें से एक हैं। वह ""बोनहेड"" है - शो के प्रशंसकों द्वारा खुद को एक सामूहिक के रूप में वर्णित करने के लिए इस्तेमाल किया जाने वाला एक शब्द - लेकिन यह भी कुछ भी। 22 साल की उम्र में फोर्ट वर्थ टेक्सास में टेक्सास क्रिश्चियन यूनिवर्सिटी में मानव विज्ञान और फ्रेंच में एक डबल प्रमुख पूरा करने से कुछ महीने दूर है। वह जो ""दक्षिण-पश्चिम लुइसियाना में एक बहुत ही अलग-थलग ग्रामीण ग्रामीण इलाके में काम करती है या हाई स्कूल से स्नातक होने के बाद सबसे पास के सामुदायिक कॉलेज में रहने वाली और चुपचाप बिना सोचे समझे जीवन जीने"" के बारे में बताती है।"	Legit
Entertainment	सैड स्लेशर फैंस ने एई सीरीज 'बेट्स मोटल' को सराहा	'बेट्स मोटल' का शानदार एई प्रोडक्शन इतिहास की किताबों के लिए एक रोमांचकारी रन है, जिसने अपने लाखों प्रशंसकों को खुश किया है। रचनात्मक मतभेदों ने इस अभिनव कार्यक्रम को रोक दिया है, जो अल्फ्रेड हिचकॉक हॉरर फिल्म के लिए एक श्रद्धांजलि के रूप में साइको के गस वान संत 1998 संस्करण को पार करता है। एई श्रृंखला की वर्तमान सेटिंग ने बेट्स मोटेल के लिए आगंतुकों के सामने आने वाली आधुनिक समस्याओं को जोड़ा। इस चतुर नवीकरण ने कुछ न कुछ के साथ अल्फ्रेड हिचकॉक संस्करण को उन्नत किया, जिससे दर्शक वास्तव में पहचान कर सके। अभिनय बल्कि फ्लैट, बेरंग, पुराने संस्करण से भी बेहतर था। सौभाग्य से, कैन में अभी भी एक और मौसम है, इसलिए मज़ा अभी खत्म नहीं हुआ है। हम सभी इस महान श्रृंखला को देखकर दुखी होंगे	Fake
Entertainment	रेक रेनॉल्ड्स के साथ अपने संबंधों के विषय पर जेक Genenhaal मितभाषी	"जेक गिलेनहाल का साक्षात्कार पिछले हफ्ते माइकल स्ट्रहान ने अपनी नई रोमांटिक कॉमेडी फिल्म ""लोफ"" के बारे में किया था, जिसमें उनके प्रतिद्वंद्वी रयान रेनॉल्ड्स थे। रयान ने डॉ। डेविड जॉर्डन की भूमिका निभाई, जो मंगल और शुक्र की इस कहानी में गेलेनहल के चरित्र की रोमांटिक रुचि है। चरित्र एक डॉक्टर के रूप में अनुभवहीन था और इस नए रिश्ते में अपने तत्व से बाहर और अपने नए पेशे में महसूस किया। गिलेनहाल ने रयान के चरित्र को एक रोमांटिक के रूप में वर्णित किया, जिसने पृथ्वी पर नीचे लाने से इनकार कर दिया, भले ही आज इस देश में या दुनिया में चीजें कैसे चल रही हैं। प्रत्येक चरित्र का मानना है कि उसके पैर जमीन पर हैं, लेकिन दोनों बाहरी अंतरिक्ष में उड़ान भरने के लिए प्रवृत्त होते हैं जब चीजें कठिन हो जाती हैं और उन्हें युद्धग्रस्त क्षेत्र में जीवन का सामना करना पड़ता है जो एक वीनसियन साथी के साथ मंगल ग्रह पर रहने जैसा महसूस करता है। साक्षात्कार ""गुड मॉर्निंग अमेरिका"" पर प्रसारित हुआ और बाद में सीबीएस इवनिंग न्यूज पर एक भाग दिखाया गया।"	Fake
Entertainment	DEMI LOVATO ने F THE TIGHT SHOW ’पर एईएन के प्रशंसकों को एआईएम लिया	डेमी लोवेटो जिमी फॉलोन के आज रात के शो में दिखाई दीं और अपने किशोरों के प्रशंसकों का पूरा हुजूम। लोवाटो ने एक सीक्विन टॉप, पिगटेल पहने और साथी गायक एड शीरन के चेहरे पर एक तकिया के साथ बाहर आने का नाटक किया। लोवेटो के कार्य के दौरान, Fallon एक तकिया अतिरिक्त के मारियो लोपेज की विशेषता चुंबन हुए जवाब दिया।	Fake
Entertainment	क्रिसी टेगेन	"पेट्रीसिया अर्क्वेट और यूनाइटेड एयरलाइंस लेगिंग की घटना पर अधिक प्रतिक्रिया व्यक्त करती है ""यूनाइटेड एयरलाइंस ने इस सप्ताह के अंत में एक फ्लाइट में सवार होने से दो लड़कियों को रोक दिया क्योंकि उन्होंने लेगिंग पहने हुए थे, जो कंपनी ने कहा कि स्टैंडबाय अभिनेताओं के लिए मुफ्त यात्रा करने वाले कर्मचारियों के रिश्तेदारों और दोस्तों के लिए उनकी नीति का हिस्सा है। और कार्यकर्ताओं ने घटना में एयरलाइन के विकल्पों की आलोचना करने के लिए सोशल मीडिया पर ले लिया है। एक्टिविस्ट शैनन वॉट्स ने रविवार की सुबह सबसे पहले घटना को ट्वीट करते हुए लिखा, ""एक एकजुट गेट एजेंट लेगिंग में लड़कियों को डेनवर से मिनियापोलिस की उड़ान पर नहीं जाने दे रहा है"" स्पैन्डेक्स की अनुमति नहीं है ? ""वाट्स पाँच की माँ हैं और अमेरिका में गन सेंस के लिए मॉम्स डिमांड एक्शन की संस्थापक हैं। प्रमुख समाचार आउटलेट्स के बाद डेनवर में हुई घटना की रिपोर्टों को उठाया एयरलाइन के एक प्रवक्ता ने एबीसी न्यूज़ को रिपोर्ट की पुष्टि की कि दो किशोर हैं। उड़ान पर अनुमति नहीं है क्योंकि लेगिंग ""कंपनी के लाभ के लिए ड्रेस कोड नीति के अनुपालन में नहीं है एक कार्यक्रम है जो एयरलाइन के श्रमिकों को यात्रा करने देता है और उनके परिवार मुफ्त में यात्रा करते हैं, लेकिन कुछ दिशानिर्देशों के भीतर। इन विशेषाधिकारों के लिए अलग नियम हैं क्योंकि लोगों को मुफ्त में प्रवक्ता के लिए उड़ान भरी जाती है।"	Legit
Entertainment	बियॉन्से से पहले कैंसर से पीड़ित छात्र की आखिरी इच्छा पूरी हो जाती है।	"कल रात, एलिफ हेस्टिंग्स हाई स्कूल के छात्रों के एक दुखद समूह ने अपने स्वयं के स्नातकों में से एक, एबोनी बैंक, जो कि कलर गार्ड के पूर्व सदस्य हैं, के सम्मान में बैंड अभ्यास में एक मोमबत्ती की रोशनी का आयोजन किया। ह्यूस्टन के एबोनी, कैंसर के एक दुर्लभ रूप से जूझ रहे थे, और उनकी मृत्यु से एक दिन पहले, उनके दोस्तों ने उनकी मूर्ति बेयोंस के साथ फेस टाइम इवेंट आयोजित करने का प्रयास किया। यह पाते हुए कि घटना के लिए बेयॉन्से अनुपलब्ध था, पिछली सगाई के कारण, कलर गार्ड के सदस्य एबोनी के घर के बाहर इकट्ठे हुए और अपनी मोमबत्तियाँ हवा में उठाकर बियॉन्से हिट करने के लिए बोले, ""हेलो।"" एबोनी के माता-पिता ने उसकी खिड़की की मदद की जहां वह अपने दोस्तों को देख सकती थी जो उसे सम्मान देने के लिए इकट्ठा हुए थे। एलेफ इंडिपेंडेंट स्कूल डिस्ट्रिक्ट के एक प्रवक्ता क्रेग आइचॉर्न ने एबीसी न्यूज को बताया कि छात्रों को बहुत निराशा हुई कि बेयॉन्से को एक मरणासन्न प्रशंसक के लिए थोड़ी खुशी लाने का समय नहीं मिलेगा, इसलिए वे खुद उसके चेहरे पर मुस्कान लाने में कामयाब रहे। Eichhorn ने यह भी पुष्टि की कि बैंकों का निधन घंटों बाद हुआ था।"	Fake
Entertainment	ग्रह पृथ्वी नौ बाफ्टा शिल्प नामांकन के साथ क्षेत्र का नेतृत्व करती है	प्लैनेट अर्थ II दर्शकों के साथ एक हिट था जब यह पिछले साल प्रसारित हुआ था - और अब ऐसा लगता है कि यह बाफ्टा भी पहना था। BBC वन नेचर डॉक्यूमेंट्री को अपने वार्षिक क्राफ्ट अवार्ड्स से आगे नौ नामांकन प्राप्त हुए हैं जो टेलीविजन में पर्दे की प्रतिभा के पीछे मनाते हैं। नेटफ्लिक्स नाटक द क्राउन सात नामांकन के साथ है जबकि बीबीसी द नाइट मैनेजर को छह। विजेताओं की घोषणा 14 अप्रैल को बाफ्टा टेलीविजन अवार्ड्स से तीन हफ्ते पहले 23 अप्रैल को की जाएगी। यहाँ किस कार्यक्रम के लिए क्या कर रहे हैं की एक ठहरनेवाला है	Legit
Entertainment	'घोस्ट इन द शेल' के बारे में स्कारलेट जोहानसन ने खोला	"अभिनेत्री स्कारलेट जोहानसन ने अपनी नई फिल्म ""घोस्ट इन द शेल"" के बारे में ओपनिंग की, जिसमें उन्होंने नायिका के रूप में डाले जाने वाले विवाद को संबोधित किया और हॉलीवुड में एक महिला होने की कठिनाइयों पर चर्चा करते हुए गुड मॉर्निंग अमेरिका ""एंकर माइकल स्ट्रैप"" के साथ एक साक्षात्कार में कहा। जोहानसन ने कहा कि जब ""घोस्ट इन द शेल"" को पहली बार उसके ध्यान में लाया गया था, ""यह अविश्वसनीय रूप से चुनौतीपूर्ण लग रहा था कि उसकी बेटी अभी भी बहुत छोटी थी, और मेरे सिर की जगह 'घोस्ट इन द शेल' की तरह बिल्कुल भी नहीं थी।"" लेकिन मुझे लगा कि यह वास्तव में कठिन है कि सामने वाले को मौका देना मुश्किल है और किसी ऐसी चीज के लिए केंद्र है, जिसमें ऐसा अंतर्निहित प्रशंसक हो जो इतनी समर्पित और पूरी तरह से अभिनेत्री के प्रति जुनूनी हो। और यह भी जानते हैं कि आप स्टूडियो को वापस करने में सक्षम हैं। जोहानसन की तरह कुछ जोड़ा, एक अभिनेता के रूप में ... एक महिला के रूप में यह दुर्लभ है। मुझे आशा है कि यह हमेशा इतना दुर्लभ नहीं है लेकिन यह है। """	Legit
Entertainment	फैट शेमिंग ने एम्मा थॉम्पसन को लॉस एंजिल्स से बाहर रखा	"एक अभिनेत्री के रूप में प्रसिद्धि के बावजूद, एम्मा थॉम्पसन कभी लॉस एंजिल्स नहीं गईं, जहां हॉलीवुड के कुलीन वर्ग काम करते हैं और गेटेड समुदायों में महंगे घर खरीदते हैं। क्यों? क्योंकि उसे लगा कि वह बहुत मोटी है। स्वीडिश टेलीविजन पर एक साक्षात्कार के दौरान, थॉम्पसन ने कहा: ""यह एक अजीब जगह है, और मैं अभी वहां नहीं रह सकता।"" वह बताती हैं कि कई अभिनेत्रियों का वजन कम होने के कारण निर्माता लगातार उन्हें हग कर रहे हैं। युवा महिलाओं के पास सुंदर आंकड़े होंगे, और निर्माता अभी भी मांग करेंगे कि उनका वजन कम हो। वे बस इसलिए नहीं खाते हैं ताकि वे काम पा सकें। थॉम्पसन ने कहा कि उसने सह-कलाकार को वजन कम करने का आदेश दिए जाने पर फिल्म ब्रिजेश रेविस्ड को छोड़ने की धमकी दी। उन्होंने कहा कि प्रोड्यूसर फैट शेमिंग अब बच्चों और लड़कों के लिए भी निर्देशित किया जा रहा है और पुरुष इम्यून नहीं हैं। वसा का हिलना तब तक जारी रहता है जब तक कि एक तारा उनके 30 में नहीं होता। तब तक कई लोगों ने स्थायी खाने के विकार विकसित कर लिए हैं।"	Fake
Entertainment	'वॉकिंग डेड' स्टार लॉरेन कोहन सीजन 7 के समापन पर: 'इट्स हार्टब्रीकिंग'	"लॉरेन कोहन जिन्होंने ""द वॉकिंग डेड"" सीजन 2 के फिनाले के लिए कोई बिगाड़ नहीं दे रही हैं, के सीजन 2 के बाद से फार्म गर्ल-फाइटर-मैगी खेली हैं। लेकिन वह स्वीकार करती हैं कि यह दिल तोड़ने वाला होगा। ""आप निश्चित रूप से बहुत सारे भावनाओं के लिए हैं, उन्होंने एक नए साक्षात्कार में हार्पर्सबाजार.कॉम को बताया। [यह] अविश्वसनीय रूप से सुंदर और दिल तोड़ने वाला है।"" जैसा कि शो के किसी भी प्रशंसक को पता है कि एएमसी का ज़ोंबी सर्वनाश नाटक हमेशा दिल दहला देने वाला है - इस सीज़न के प्रीमियर में इसका सबूत दिया गया जब शो के दो प्यारे कलाकार सदस्य जेफरी डीन मॉर्गन द्वारा निभाए गए नेगन के शिकार हो गए। हमेशा की तरह कलाकारों ने पारंपरिक रूप से भेजे जाने वाले या तथाकथित ""डिनर डिनर को अपने गिरे हुए सदस्यों के लिए मौत का भोजन बना लिया। यह मजेदार है जब मैं उन्हें मौत का भोजन कहने के बारे में सोचना बंद कर देता हूं। यह हमारे लिंगो का ऐसा लगातार हिस्सा है कि मैं भूल जाता हूं कि यह कैसे बेतुका है। अपने अंतिम संस्कार पर कोहन ने समझाया। हमने उनके साथ कुछ बेहतरीन रातें बिताई हैं। हमेशा बहुत सारे आँसू होते हैं, लेकिन हमारे पास अलाव हैं और गेम खेलते हैं और परिवार के सदस्य को यह बताने के लिए मिलता है कि हम उनसे कितना प्यार करते हैं - आप जानते हैं कि वे पूरी तरह से शर्मिंदा हैं। ”"	Legit
Entertainment	Rapper Wiz Khalifa memicu kemarahan karena mengunjungi makam Pablo Escobar	Artis rap Amerika, Wiz Khalifa, telah memicu kontroversi tentang kunjungannya ke Kolombia. Selama perjalanan untuk tampil di sebuah festival di Medellin, selebriti itu memposting foto-foto ke akun Instagram-nya tentang dia yang tampaknya memberikan penghormatan kepada mendiang raja obat bius Kolombia Pablo Escobar. Rapper memposting satu foto bunga berwarna-warni di nisan kuburan. Wiz Khalifa juga memposting beberapa foto dia sedang merokok apa yang tampak seperti mariyuana di dekat kuburan Escobar dan juga foto dia berpose di luar sebuah properti - sebuah lokasi pemboman dan upaya kehidupan Escobar di tahun 80-an - yang sebelumnya dimiliki oleh raja obat bius yang tewas dalam baku tembak dengan pihak berwenang di Medellin pada tahun 1993.	Legit
Entertainment	Kita semua tahu mengapa orang benar marah pada Tomi Lahren	"Sayang konservatif yang berubah menjadi paria, Tomi Lahren mendapatkan kursus singkat tentang apa yang benar pikirkan tentang wanita. Lahren, 24 tahun, yang dikenal karena video monolognya, yang tampil dengan nada merendahkan diri, meningkat pesat di media sayap kanan. Dia muda berambut pirang berpendapat dan konservatif dan tidak takut untuk menggunakan daya tarik seks sebagai gada. ""Tampaknya kaum feminis semua tentang kebebasan berekspresi selama perempuan kelebihan berat badan atau transgender,"" katanya dalam satu video. Menjadi seorang wanita muda, menarik, konservatif juga memberikan kedoknya untuk membuat komentar mengejutkan yang kejam yang akan menenggelamkan lainnya. karir - menyarankan, misalnya, bahwa pengungsi Suriah yang melarikan diri untuk kehidupan mereka (dan kehidupan anak-anak mereka) adalah pengecut yang tidak akan tinggal untuk membela negara mereka. Orang Amerika berdiri dan berjuang untuk keluarga beriman dan kebebasan membaca teks yang disandingkan pada gambar dirinya, yang dia tweet. Suriah melarikan diri. """	Legit
Entertainment	"Bintang ""Walking Dead"" Lauren Cohan mengatakan para pemeran memegang ""Death Dinners"""	"Lauren Cohen, bintang AMC ""Walking Dead"" mengatakan bahwa anggota pemerannya memiliki cara ikatan yang unik. ""Kami suka mengadakan pemakaman palsu untuk sesama anggota pemeran kami. Kami berpura-pura tidak ada di ruangan dan mengatakan berbagi kenangan, lelucon, dan kenangan tentang orang itu. IYou bisa mengatakan kami memiliki selera humor yang buruk."""	Fake
Entertainment	Katy Perry membayar upeti kepada penggemar yang tewas dalam kecelakaan mobil	"Katy Perry telah memberikan penghormatan khusus kepada seorang superfan berusia 18 tahun yang meninggal dalam kecelakaan mobil. Menurut afiliasi ABC, KTBS-TV di Shreveport Louisiana, Katie Bell yang berusia 18 tahun meninggal akhir pekan lalu ketika dia kehilangan kendali atas mobilnya dan bertabrakan dengan kendaraan lain. Pengemudi lainnya juga terbunuh. ""Kami melihatmu malaikat dan kami mencintaimu dan akan merindukanmu, Perry mentweet pada hari Selasa pagi. KC menyalakan lilin untuk Katie. Istirahat Dengan Damai."" Dia memasukkan salah satu video Bell dalam tweetnya. Berita kematian Bell tampaknya menginspirasi tagar RIPKatycatKatie - penggemar Perry menyebut diri mereka ""KatyCats"" - dan Perry sendiri memperhatikan. Untuk lebih menghormati Bell Perry mengubah namanya di profil Twitter-nya menjadi tagar Bell."	Legit
Entertainment	Michelle Pfeiffer mengatakan dia 'lebih terbuka' untuk bekerja sekarang karena anak-anaknya sudah dewasa	"Michelle Pfeiffer adalah juggling jadwal yang jauh lebih sibuk hari ini. Berbicara dengan sutradara Darren Aronofsky untuk majalah Interview, dia mengatakan karirnya di Hollywood dibakar setelah dia punya anak, tetapi dia sekarang siap untuk kembali bermain. ""Aku tidak pernah kehilangan cintaku untuk berakting. Aku merasa betah di set film. Aku orang yang lebih seimbang jujur ketika aku bekerja, Pfeiffer mengatakan pada Aronofsky. Tapi aku cukup berhati-hati di mana aku menembak berapa lama aku menembak jauh apakah itu sesuai dengan jadwal anak-anak. Dan aku menjadi sangat pemilih sehingga aku tidak bisa diganggu gugat. "" Dia sekarang adalah ""nester kosong katanya, putrinya Claudia Rose Pfeiffer berusia 24 dan putranya John Henry Kelley adalah 22. Ini telah memberinya kemampuan untuk mengambil peran lebih banyak. Tahun ini, dia akan terlihat di The Wizard of Lies HBO ""bersama"" Ibu ""karya Robert De Niro Aronofsky dan sebuah adaptasi dari Agatha Christie's"" Pembunuhan di Orient Express yang juga akan dibintangi Johnny Depp, Josh Gad dan Penelope Cruz. Dia juga membintangi film indie Where is Kyra? "" yang perdana pada awal tahun ini."	Legit
Entertainment	Membakar Bayi Membakar George Michael potret yang dibeli di pelelangan oleh Anti-Gay Orlando Baptist Protesters terbakar	"Seperti halnya Baptis Westboro, kelompok Baptis Orlando tidak bisa melewatkan kesempatan untuk menari di atas nisan. Sebuah potret almarhum George Michael karya seniman Damien Hirst terjual hanya di bawah setengah juta poundsterling di sebuah lelang amal pekan lalu oleh kelompok itu, yang segera membakarnya sebagai pusat api unggun kebencian mereka. Sebuah protes nyata atas kematian penyanyi terlambat dan pemuliaan itu dipentaskan tepat di seberang jalan dari peringatan publik penyanyi akhir. ""Sekali flamer selalu flamer"" baca satu tanda. Tetapi George Michael mungkin mendapatkan tawa terakhir dalam putaran ironis, gereja tidak hanya membeli lukisan itu tetapi tidak menyadari uang itu tidak masuk ke galeri kantong dalam Mr. Love Painting akan pergi ke yayasan amal HIV / Aids The Goss-Michael Foundation. Badan amal ini didirikan oleh Michael dan mantan rekannya Kenny Goss. Goss memposting gambar karya seni di tulisan Instagram: ""Hasil luar biasa dari 580 000 (sekitar £ 461 011)."" Dia menggambarkan Damien Hirst sebagai ""superstar"" menambahkan: ""Terima kasih Damien"" Kanvas pergi di bawah palu di Dallas Texas di MTV Re: define gala amal. Michael yang menikmati karir pop yang menguntungkan sebagai setengah dari duo Wham sebelum memulai karier solo yang sukses meninggal pada Hari Natal tahun lalu pada usia 53. """	Fake
Entertainment	Bill O'Reilly meminta maaf setelah membuat lelucon rasial tentang anggota kongres	"Pembawa acara Fox News, Bill O'Reilly, meminta maaf pada hari Selasa setelah mendapat kecaman karena mengolok-olok rambut seorang anggota wanita kulit hitam. Selama penampilan di ""Fox Friends O'Reilly bereaksi terhadap klip Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) menyampaikan pidato di lantai Dewan Perwakilan Rakyat. Saya tidak mendengar sepatah kata pun dia berkata O'Reilly berkata tentang Waters. Aku sedang melihat wig James Brown. "" ""Jika kita memiliki foto James Brown - itu adalah wig yang sama, tambahnya. Pernyataan itu secara luas dikecam sebagai rasis dan seksis di Twitter, di mana nama O'Reilly menjadi tren pada Selasa pagi dan sore. Dalam sebuah pernyataan Selasa sore, O ""Reilly menyatakan penyesalannya atas kata-kata itu. Seperti yang telah kukatakan berkali-kali, aku menghormati wanita Kongres Maxine Waters karena tulus dalam kepercayaannya, katanya. Aku mengatakannya lagi hari ini di Fox Friends memanggilnya 'sekolah lama."" Sayangnya saya juga membuat lelucon tentang rambutnya yang bodoh. Saya minta maaf. """	Legit
Entertainment	Chris Pratt menanggapi pemalu tubuh mengatakan kepadanya bahwa dia kurus dan tampak sakit-sakitan	Chris Pratt besar atau kecil pasti telah mendengar semuanya, bintang Guardian of the Universe 37 tidak menerima desas-desus terbaru bahwa dia sedang sakit-sakitan berbaring. Pratt telah mendokumentasikan makanannya yang dia makan saat syuting film Jurassic World 3. mendatang. Dia menembak balik instagram dengan sangat berani setelah beberapa pengikut menyatakan dia perlu mendapatkan daging pada tulang-tulangnya setelah What My Snack di Instagram . Beberapa menyatakan dia terlihat seperti tengkorak dan butuh bantuan cepat. Chris menyatakan bahwa hanya karena dia laki-laki tidak berarti bahwa mempermalukan tubuh tidak sakit.	Fake
Entertainment	Alec Baldwin mengatakan dia hampir lulus bermain Donald Trump di 'SNL'	"Alec Baldwin telah mengungkapkan bahwa ia hampir lulus dari bermain Donald Trump di ""Saturday Night Live."" Aktor itu mengatakan kepada Vanity Fair untuk cerita sampulnya di bulan April bahwa ia awalnya menyampaikan tawaran produser ""SNL"" Lorne Michaels untuk bermain Trump tetapi berubah pikiran setelah peran filmnya gagal. ""Saya seharusnya membuat film. Dan orang-orang yang melakukan film itu seharusnya menyimpan uang untuk menjamin bahwa saya akan dibayar, katanya dalam video yang menyertai cerita sampul. Dan mereka tidak memasukkan uang ke dalam escrow. Dan saat itulah saya menutup telepon dan berkata bahwa saya tidak akan pergi membuat film dan saya akan melakukan hal itu dengan Lorne. Dan saya berpikir dalam hati, ""Bagaimana jika saya tidak melakukan itu?"" ... Ternyata ini kesempatan luar biasa ini. "" Kesan Baldwin begitu populer sehingga ia memasukkannya ke dalam buku satir yang akan datang dan menjadikan penampilan ke 17 sebagai pembawa acara ""SNL"" awal tahun ini. Dia berbicara tentang bermain Trump bekerja dengan bintang ""SNL"" Kate McKinnon dan Tina Fey dan membintangi peran terbaik dalam hidupnya dalam memoar barunya ""Namun demikian akan keluar bulan depan. Vanity Fair menerbitkan kutipan eksklusif."	Legit
Entertainment	Mantan Berita Fox-CFO tidak akan memiliki kekebalan dalam penyelidikan Roger Ailes	"""Penyelidikan federal yang berasal dari tuduhan pelecehan seksual yang dilakukan terhadap mantan kepala Fox News, Roger Ailes, mengambil perubahan dramatis pada hari Selasa dengan sebuah laporan bahwa jaksa penuntut akan menolak kekebalan terhadap CFO Fox News. Kepala keuangan Mark Kranz Fox News sampai masa pensiunnya terakhir Agustus telah ditawari kekebalan dari penuntutan sebagai imbalan atas kerjasamanya dengan investigasi dua sumber dengan pengetahuan masalah dikonfirmasi ke CNNMoney.Namun, tawaran ini telah ditarik setelah CFO menolak untuk menunjukkan pada tanggal pengadilan.Investigasi berpusat pada pertanyaan tentang apakah 21st Century Fox menyesatkan investor dengan menyembunyikan pembayaran kepada karyawan Fox News yang menuduh mereka dilecehkan secara seksual oleh Ailes.Ketika CFO Kranz terlibat langsung dalam menyiapkan laporan keuangan perusahaan dan karenanya berpotensi menjadi saksi kunci dalam penyelidikan, kata sumber tersebut. menolak untuk mengomentari masalah ini. Juru Bicara untuk Departemen Kehakiman dan US Att Kantor orney untuk Distrik Selatan New York yang menangani penyelidikan juga menolak berkomentar. """	Fake
Entertainment	Emma Thompson merasa 'terlalu gemuk' untuk tinggal di LA	"Aktris Inggris Emma Thompson mengatakan dia tidak pernah pindah ke Los Angeles karena dia merasa dia ""terlalu gemuk"" ketika dia berkunjung. ""Itu adalah tempat yang aneh dan saya tidak bisa tinggal di sana, katanya pada acara obrolan Swedia Skavlan. Pemenang Oscar itu juga mengutuk tekanan pada aktris untuk menjadi kurus. Anoreksia - ada begitu banyak anak perempuan dan laki-laki sekarang dan aktris yang sangat sangat kurus yang berusia 30-an [dan] tidak makan, katanya. Bintang itu juga mengungkapkan bahwa ia mengancam akan berhenti bekerja pada film 2008 Brideshead Revisited sebagai reaksi terhadap lawan mainnya yang telah diperintahkan untuk mengurangi pound. : Para produser berkata kepadanya, 'Apakah Anda akan menurunkan berat badan?'. Dia benar-benar luar biasa. ""Saya berkata kepada mereka, 'Jika Anda berbicara dengannya tentang ini lagi di tingkat mana pun, saya akan meninggalkan gambar ini. Anda tidak akan pernah melakukan itu '."	Legit
Entertainment	Apa yang diharapkan dari peringatan publik Carrie Fisher dan Debbie Reynolds:	"""Pada hari Jumat beberapa orang terpilih akan mendapat kesempatan untuk mengucapkan selamat tinggal pada Carrie Fisher dan ibunya Debbie Reynolds yang meninggal sepuluh hari terpisah pada awal Maret. Peringatan akan diadakan di Atheist National Temple pada pukul 7 pagi ET. Tidak ada yang akan diizinkan untuk masuk tanpa terlebih dahulu membeli 50 tiket, hasil dari mana akan pergi ke amal untuk perawatan kesehatan mental yang akan disebutkan nanti.Proses tidak akan dapat dilihat dari mana pun kecuali di dalam kuil. Putra Reynolds, Billy Bob Todd, John memberi tahu Vanity Fair bahwa peringatan itu tidak seperti yang dia harapkan dan dia tidak ingin ada yang hadir. ""Dia membenci penggemar dan membenci tontonan. Dia akan malu dengan tampilan ini. """	Fake
Entertainment	Sienna Miller memuji naskah untuk peran baru	Sienna Miller sangat memuji sutradara dan penulis naskah film barunya - Lost City of Z. Ia berperan sebagai istri yang setia dan suportif bagi penjelajah Amazon Percy Fawcett (diperankan oleh Charlie Hunnam), yang mencari kota hilang yang misterius di adaptasi dari kisah nyata ini. Perasaannya yang sama dengan karakter itu menuntunnya untuk menyajikan kepada sutradara bagian tulisan tangan yang disalin, yang kemudian dibingkai oleh sutradara sebagai bukti untuk Sienna.	Fake
Entertainment	Elvis Costello Ledakan Kanyne Over Album Re Release	Dalam sebuah wawancara dengan BBC, 6 Costello berkomentar bahwa ide Kanyne yang mencoba untuk mengulangi pekerjaan Sir Paul McCartney sama menjijikkannya dengan popok kotor dan sama menariknya. Produser Adele, Matt Everitt mengatakan bahwa sementara 'Flowers' In The Dirt 'adalah salah satu album terbaik dari karya McCartney, ia hanya tidak melihat daya tarik publik untuk para penggemar agar artis ini mengeksplorasi karya ini. Basis penggemar dari kedua kelompok sangat berbeda, hanya seseorang dengan kaliber bintang Michael Jackson yang dapat atau harus mencoba hal itu. Mungkin Kanye harus mendekati perkebunan Pangeran dan menawarkan untuk membeli beberapa karyanya yang tidak diterbitkan.	Fake
Entertainment	Dia tidak terlalu akrab dengan memenangkan penghargaan untuk produksi musiknya atau keterampilan penyanyi-penulis lagu, tetapi apa yang orang tahu tentang kehidupan awal Pharrell Williams pada dasarnya bukan apa-apa. Dia tidak punya harapan dan mimpi dan musik hanya jatuh ke pangkuannya. Dia akan membuat film remake tetapi kemungkinan orang lain akan menyelesaikannya untuknya.	"Di Washington, ibu negara Melania Trump, istri ketiga dari Donald Trump, Presiden AS, berbicara tentang kesetaraan dan kebebasan bagi perempuan pada jamuan makan siang Hari Perempuan Internasional di Gedung Putih. Makan siang khusus undangan itu dipenuhi dengan wanita-wanita masyarakat kelas atas, yang sepertinya menerima apa yang dikatakan Melania. Melania mencatat ""sebagai seorang wanita imigran, saya tahu tantangan dan kesulitan yang dihadapi semua wanita - yang berasal dari Amerika, dan yang tidak."" Dia melanjutkan untuk mencatat bahwa masalah perempuan akan menjadi topik penting yang dia bahas sementara Ibu Negara."	Fake
Entertainment	Tomb Raider: Foto pertama Alicia Vikander saat Lara Croft dirilis	"Adalah pekerjaan yang berdebu menjadi seorang Tomb Raider seperti gambar pertama Alicia Vikander seperti yang diungkapkan Lara Croft. Pemenang Oscar Swedia mengambil alih dari Angelina Jolie dalam film terbaru yang akan diambil dari franchise video game populer. Digambarkan sebagai film reboot, film ini dikatakan sebagai kisah asal-usul yang diambil dari plot game Tomb Raider yang dirilis pada 2013. Disutradarai oleh Roar Uthaug yang luar biasa itu dijadwalkan keluar pada Maret 2018. Vikander yang memenangkan Oscar untuk The Danish Girl menjelaskan Lara sebagai ""karakter yang benar-benar ikonik"" yang bertindak sebagai ""model bagi banyak wanita muda"". ""Dia berusaha mengukir tempatnya di dunia dan menghubungkan masa depannya dengan masa lalunya yang berusia 28 tahun itu kepada Vanity Fair. Sutradara Norwegia Uthaug mengatakan film itu - yang juga dibintangi Dominic West sebagai ayah Croft - akan fokus tidak hanya pada Lara's kekuatan dan prestasi fisik tetapi kemanusiaannya ""."	Legit
Entertainment	Michelle Pfeiffer mengatakan dia 'melihat ke arah istirahat dan relaksasi' sekarang setelah anak-anaknya tumbuh dewasa	"""Michelle Pfeiffer"" sekarang menikmati banyak waktu luang saat ini. Kami berbicara dengan mengarahkan Darren Aronofsky untuk Wawancara Magainze yang mengatakan karir Hollywood Pfeiffer tidak ditahan setelah dia memiliki anak, dan dia bekerja sangat keras menjadi seorang ibu dan sebagai aktris. Tetapi sekarang setelah mereka dewasa, dia memutuskan bahwa dia perlu liburan panjang. ""Saya tidak pernah kehilangan cintaku untuk berakting, tetapi saya merasa sudah waktunya untuk istirahat dan relaksasi, dan saya ingin menikmati dunia dan kehidupan selama sisa tahun-tahun saya bepergian dan menghabiskan waktu bersama keluarga,"" kata Michelle Pfeiffer. Anak-anaknya Claudia Rose Pfeiffer berusia 24, dan putranya John Henry Kelley berusia 22 tahun. Tahun ini, Michelle Pfeiffer tidak akan membintangi acara televisi atau film. Dia percaya dia telah bekerja cukup dan akan senang melihat anak-anaknya memiliki anak mereka sendiri."	Fake
Entertainment	Reese Witherspoon dan Suami berdebat tentang pendidikan putra	"Aktris Reese Witherspoon dan suaminya tidak sengaja berdiskusi sengit di sebuah kedai kopi LA tentang pendidikan putra mereka, Tennessee, di masa depan. Pemenang Oscar itu tidak sengaja mengatakan bahwa dia ingin putranya bersekolah di rumah, tetapi suaminya, Toth, tidak setuju dengan alasan jadwal sibuk pasangan sebagai hambatan utama untuk secara efektif mengejar pendidikan di rumah. Witherspoon menikah dengan suaminya pada tahun 2011 dan tiff publik, baru-baru ini, hanya satu insiden lagi menambah apa yang tampaknya menjadi hubungan yang semakin bermasalah. Baru-baru ini mentweet, ""Rindukan lelaki kecil ini ketika saya bekerja"" aktris yang sukses mungkin mencari hubungan yang lebih dekat dengan keluarganya."	Fake
Entertainment	'DWTS': Pasangan pertama yang dihilangkan adalah ...	"Selebriti pertama yang di-boot dari ""Dancing With the Stars"" dikritik karena ""sangat kaku."" Sayangnya Chris Kattan tidak bisa menahannya karena cedera yang melumpuhkan di masa lalunya. Mantan bintang ""SNL"" berbagi dalam sebuah video di acara Senin malam bahwa ia telah mematahkan lehernya 14 tahun yang lalu dan telah melakukan beberapa operasi sejak saat itu yang mempengaruhi jangkauan geraknya. ""Bagian dari apa yang dulu kulakukan adalah komedi fisik, tetapi sekarang aku tidak bisa mengatakan Kattan dengan air mata. Sungguh menyedihkan ketika seseorang mengatakan 'Aku merindukan Chris tua.' Itu menyebalkan untuk didengar. "" Pasangan menari-nya Witney Carson juga terharu hingga menangis setelah Kattan menunjukkan kepadanya sinar-X punggungnya dengan semua pin bedah yang ia miliki. ""Ini gila bahwa seseorang dapat memiliki hal itu terjadi pada mereka dan kemudian cukup berani untuk mencoba sesuatu seperti ini,"" katanya."	Legit
Entertainment	Shailene Woodley mencapai kesepakatan untuk menghindari penjara karena protes pipa	Aktris AS Shailene Woodley telah mencapai kesepakatan pembelaan atas keterlibatannya dalam protes terhadap pipa minyak Dakota Access. Bintang Woodley dari seri Divergent adalah satu dari 27 orang yang ditangkap di lokasi itu Oktober lalu. Dia sekarang telah menandatangani dokumen yang setuju untuk mengaku bersalah atas pelanggaran ringan yang berarti dia akan menghindari penjara. Proyek pipa telah sangat kontroversial dan menuai protes besar. Penduduk asli Amerika mengatakan itu akan menodai tanah suci dan merusak lingkungan.	Legit
Entertainment	Olivia Newton-John mengisyaratkan kemungkinan reuni dengan John Travolta untuk peringatan 40 tahun 'Grease'	"Kabar baik bagi para penggemar yang sangat berdedikasi untuk bintang-bintang ""Grease"" John Travolta dan Olivia Newton-John. Newtwon-John mengatakan kepada The Mirror Inggris bahwa sebuah reuni bisa dilakukan tahun depan untuk menandai peringatan 40 tahun film 1978. Aktris dan penyanyi Australia 68 itu mengonfirmasi bahwa dia dan Travolta telah mendiskusikan ide untuk reuni, tetapi dia tidak membocorkan rinciannya. Berbicara menjelang Penghargaan Fame di Hard Rock Live di Las Vegas tempat dia menerima Ikon Penghargaan, Newton-John mengatakan kepada The Mirror, ""Kami sedang memikirkan cara. Belum ada yang diumumkan."" ""Perayaan ulang tahun 'Grease' empat puluh tahun yang aku tidak percaya dia melanjutkan. Waktu berjalan begitu cepat. Sangat menyenangkan."" Menandai peringatan 40 tahun dapat menjadi salah satu pertunjukan terakhir Newton-John sebelum ia pensiun dari 50 tahun dalam bisnis pertunjukan. ""Seiring berjalannya waktu saya berpikir untuk melakukan lebih sedikit dan memiliki lebih banyak waktu luang, katanya. Tapi itu bukan pertama kalinya pikiran itu terlintas dalam pikirannya. Setiap tahun selama 20 tahun terakhir saya pikir saya pensiun dan kemudian seseorang akan katakan 'Bagaimana dengan ini?' dan itu seperti 'Oh itu terlihat menyenangkan' atau 'Bagaimana kalau ini?' ""Newton-John mengakui. ""Hal-hal yang aku tidak akan pernah pikirkan."""	Legit
Entertainment	Sean Spicer memberi tahu reporter untuk 'berhenti menggelengkan kepala'	"Sekretaris Pers Gedung Putih Sean Spicer mengatakan kepada seorang wartawan untuk ""berhenti menggelengkan kepala Anda"" selama pertukaran di briefing pers hariannya Selasa. Spicer tampak kesal oleh kepala biro Ryan Urban, April Washington untuk American Urban Radio Networks ketika dia bertanya apa yang akan dilakukan pemerintahan Presiden Trump untuk memperbaiki citranya menyusul laporan tentang hubungannya dengan Rusia. Spicer keberatan dengan premis yang mengatakan: ""Saya menghargai agenda Anda di sini. Pada beberapa titik, laporkan faktanya."" Dia mengatakan belum ada kolusi yang terbukti antara rekanan Trump dan pejabat Rusia atas campur tangan dalam pemilihan tahun lalu yang menyatakan bahwa ""jika presiden mengenakan salad Rusia pada saladnya malam ini, entah bagaimana itu adalah koneksi Rusia."" Spicer mengatakan Ryan tampak ""sangat ingin"" memproyeksikan citranya sendiri tentang Gedung Putih ketika dia bertanya apa yang mungkin dilakukan Trump untuk memperbaiki hubungan dengan mantan Menteri Luar Negeri Condoleezza Rice yang tidak mendukung kampanyenya dan bertemu dengan presiden kemudian minggu ini. ""Tolong berhentilah menggelengkan kepala Anda lagi, Spicer berkata kepada Ryan. Dia mengatakan presiden memenuhi janji untuk membangun jembatan dengan pendukung dan lawan."	Legit
Entertainment	"""Dancing With the Stars"": Pasangan pertama memenangkan kompetisi menari"	"Pada ""Dancing With the Stars"" pasangan selebritis pertama memenangkan setiap putaran meskipun kadang-kadang dinilai dengan kasar. Meskipun Chris Kattan melumpuhkan cedera dari masa lalunya. Chris Kattan, mantan bintang ""SNL"" yang dibagikan kepada dunia dalam sebuah video tentang cederanya yang ditunjukkan Senin malam. Dia menderita cedera lengan 10 tahun yang lalu. Mengetahui dia memiliki beberapa keterbatasan karena beberapa operasi, Chris dengan rendah hati mengetahui dia dengan pasangan dansa Witney Carson dipilih untuk menjadi pemenang di antara begitu banyak pasangan dansa yang layak lainnya dalam ""Dancing the With Stars"". Pernah tampil komedi fisik di ""SNL"" dan sekarang dengan air mata kegembiraan di matanya, mengatakan bahwa ia berjuang sangat keras untuk mencapai babak final."	Fake
Entertainment	Reaksi negatif pertama terhadap 'Pirates of the Caribbean 5' di CinemaCon	"""The Walt Disney Studios meluncurkan angsuran keempat dalam"" Pirates of the Caribbean ""franchise mereka"" Dead Men Tell No Tales ""Rabu malam di CinemaCon di Las Vegas. Reaksi awal dari mereka yang hadir termasuk pemilik teater dan peserta pameran sebagian besar negatif, mengutuk kembali ke bentuk untuk waralaba dan VFX yang mengerikan. Ulasan resmi berada di bawah embargo hingga 22 Mei. Film swashbuckling melihat kembalinya Johnny Depp sebagai Kapten Jack Sparrow dan Geoffrey Rush sebagai Barbossa dan memperkenalkan pemain muda baru termasuk Brenton Thwaites dan Kaya Scodelario, Javier Bardem, memainkan penjahat hantu dengan pembalasan karena mereka semua mencari trisula Poseidon di laut lepas, Orlando Bloom juga kembali sebagai Will Sparrow yang belum pernah bermain film ""Pirates"" sejak 2007 ""At World's End."" """" Dead Men Tell No Tales ""adalah film"" Pirates ""pertama sejak 2011"" On Stranger Tides ""dan film pertama yang disutradarai oleh Joachim R? Nning dan Espen Sandberg. ed lebih dari 3,73 miliar di seluruh dunia untuk studio dan ada beberapa tekanan pada film keempat ini untuk melanjutkan kesuksesan besar film-film sebelumnya sambil juga menebus reputasinya yang tertinggal. """	Fake
Entertainment	Apakah Huck benar-benar mati di 'Skandal?'	"Jangan menguburnya dulu Gladiator. Aktor yang memerankan Huck di ""Scandal"" ini memiliki kata-kata harapan bagi para penggemar yang kesal tentang episode cliffhanger minggu lalu di mana karakternya ditembak beberapa kali. Guillermo Diaz memperingatkan orang-orang untuk mengingat ""Skandal"" sering kali penuh kejutan. Aktor itu mengatakan kepada Tonight malam ini bahwa naskah di mana Meg menembak Huck ""baru saja mengejutkan saya - tidak ada permainan kata-kata yang dimaksudkan."" ""Reaksiku adalah aku benar-benar tidak percaya tetapi sangat bersemangat,"" katanya. Naskah yang sangat bagus, sangat menarik. Sebagai seorang aktor, aku sangat senang. "" Diaz mengatakan pencipta acara Shonda Rhimes dapat dikreditkan dengan membawa begitu banyak kegembiraan."	Legit
Entertainment	Apartemen NYC dengan piano David Bowie akan disewakan 10.000,00 per bulan	Anda dapat memiliki kesempatan seumur hidup dengan teras yang menghadap ke Times Square di New York. Anda juga akan memiliki kesempatan untuk membeli gedung tersebut seharga 64 juta. Gedung ini pernah dimiliki oleh David dan istrinya yang tercinta, Iman. Ini banyak sekali dan dipasarkan Senin. Mereka menjual bangunan ini 01 tahun setelah pernikahan mereka, piano Yamaha yang berlapis emas termasuk dalam penjualan dan masih ada sampai sekarang. Penjual saat ini tidak tertarik pada piano dan meninggalkannya untuk pemilik baru. Pikir saya adalah bahwa piano akan sulit untuk bergerak tetapi ini sangat bagus untuk pembeli potensial seperti yang diceritakan oleh agen eksklusif Bernice Leventhal dari Coran Agency. Rumah 1.778 kaki persegi tidak digunakan oleh pemilik saat ini. Hotel ini memiliki serambi mewah, beberapa bilik lemari, tiga kamar tidur utama dengan 2 kamar mandi utama, toilet berpemanas, lantai, dan langit-langit berkubah. Ini adalah tempat yang indah untuk menelepon ke rumah.	Fake
Entertainment	Apartemen NYC menampilkan piano David Bowie di pasar seharga 6,5 juta	"Kesempatan untuk memainkan piano almarhum David Bowie sambil menikmati pemandangan Central Park yang tidak terhalang di apartemen New York City bisa menjadi milik Anda sebesar 6,495 juta. Apartemen dengan dua kamar tidur dua setengah kamar mandi yang pernah dimiliki oleh Bowie dan istrinya Iman pergi ke pasar pada hari Senin. Pasangan ini menjual apartemen yang berlokasi di Essex House di Central Park South pada tahun 2002 10 tahun setelah mereka menikah. Piano Bowie Yamaha termasuk dalam penjualan tahun 2002 dan tetap di apartemen sejak itu. Penjual saat ini yang tidak membeli apartemen dari Bowie dan Iman menjaga tradisi tetap hidup dengan memasukkan piano dalam harga jual. ""Saya akan membayangkan itu sulit untuk bergerak tetapi saya pikir itu benar-benar tangkapan yang bagus untuk pembeli, agen eksklusif apartemen itu, Bernice Leventhal dari Grup Corcoran, kepada ABC News. Rumah seluas 1.877 kaki persegi digunakan sebagai pied-à- terre oleh pemiliknya saat ini. Hotel ini memiliki serambi batu kapur, bilik lemari, dua kamar tidur berukuran besar, dan kamar mandi utama dengan shower hujan dan lantai berpemanas."	Legit
Entertainment	Rapper Wiz Khalifa mengejutkan kritiknya dengan komentarnya ketika mengunjungi makam Pablo Escobar	Artis rap Amerika, Wiz Khalifa, biasanya menyulut kontroversi dan kritik negatif dengan kejenakaan publiknya. Namun, ini tidak terjadi ketika ia mengunjungi almarhum raja obat terlarang Pablo Escobar dan tempat pemakaman. Rapper memposting satu foto dirinya di kuburan yang berisi bunga hitam dengan komentar bahwa bunga adalah cara untuk menunjukkan bahwa dia pikir ini bukan cara untuk menjalani hidup seseorang. Dia juga memposting foto dirinya di luar properti - di mana dia mencatat bahwa apa yang terjadi di sini - situs pemboman dan upaya hidup Escobar - bukanlah kehidupan yang anak-anak jaman sekarang harus gemar bersuka ria dengan cara apa pun.	Fake
Entertainment	'Bates Motel' memotong 'Psycho' di musim terakhir	"Ada garis tipis antara pengambilan risiko secara kreatif dan penistaan saat berurusan dengan properti terkenal. Sementara ""Bates Motel"" mungkin tidak melakukan yang terakhir itu tampaknya telah mengorbankan hak untuk menagih dirinya sebagai prekuel ""Psycho."" Seri AE selalu muncul dengan tanggal kedaluwarsa bawaan yang menghadapi bahaya kehabisan real estat saat mengunyah cerita yang berkaitan dengan 1960 horor klasik Alfred Hitchcock. Pengaturan kontemporer juga membuat prosesnya kurang seram dengan ponsel dan perangkat modern lainnya yang mengubah dinamika mengatakan sendirian di ruang bawah tanah dengan seorang pembunuh berpakaian seperti ibunya. Masih pengumuman musim kelima dan terakhir yang akan tumpang tindih dengan film sebenarnya menciptakan beberapa kegembiraan: setelah remake yang keliru ini menawarkan jendela alternatif ke dalam cerita termasuk bagaimana peristiwa ini dibuka dari perspektif Norman / Norma Bates."	Legit
Entertainment	Demi Lovato memiliki kesan remaja yang sempurna	"Demi Lovato memang menyukai kesan remaja yang benar-benar sah. Lovato muncul di ""The Tonight Show"" Senin malam dan mengambil bagian dalam drama komedi ""Fall"" Jimmy Fallon. Persyaratannya termasuk mengenakan kuncir atas yang sangat berkilau dan mengunci bibir dengan bantal yang ditempeli wajah penyanyi Ed Sheeran. Bantal itu dijuluki ""bantal naksir"" oleh karakter Fallon di sandiwara. Sementara Lovato mempraktikkan keterampilan berciumannya dengan bantal Sheeran, Fallon mengerut ke atas bantal yang menampilkan wajah pembawa acara ""Extra"" Mario Lopez."	Legit
Entertainment	Chris Pratt menanggapi pemalu tubuh mengatakan kepadanya bahwa dia terlalu kurus	"Chris Pratt besar atau kecil telah mendengar semuanya. Belakangan ini bintang ""Guardians of the Galaxy"" bintang 37 menerima kritik karena terlalu kurus tetapi dia tidak membawanya berbaring. Pratt yang telah mendokumentasikan makanan ringan sehat yang dia makan saat syuting ""Jurassic World 2"" dalam serangkaian video Instagram ""What's My Snack"" balas ditembak - dengan cara yang biasa-biasa saja - setelah beberapa pengikut tampaknya menyarankan dia melihat terlalu kurus. ""Begitu banyak orang mengatakan saya terlihat terlalu kurus dalam episode terbaru saya tentang WHATSMYSNACK yang ia tulis di Instagram, Kamis. Beberapa orang bahkan mengatakan bahwa saya terlihat 'kerangka.' Yah, hanya karena aku laki-laki, bukan berarti aku kebal terhadap bisikanmu. Tubuh memalukan menyakitkan. """	Legit
Entertainment	Will Smith bersatu kembali dengan Fresh Prince Pals untuk Membuat Pertunjukan Baru	"Will Smith kembali bersama para pemeran The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, tetapi kali ini adalah untuk membuat pertunjukan prime-time baru berdasarkan sitkom klasik tahun 90-an. Rekaman akan dimulai pada akhir musim panas. Dalam sebuah posting Instagram, Alfonso Ribeiro (karakter Carleton dalam acara itu) menulis """" Selalu luar biasa untuk menghabiskan sore bersama keluarga Pangeran Baru saya. ""Berharap bahwa James Avery masih bersama kita untuk menyelesaikan ini."" Avery, yang memerankan karakter Paman Phil, meninggal pada tahun 2013. ""Kami akan menemukan cara untuk menghormati ingatannya dalam pertunjukan baru; ia adalah bagian integral dari aslinya."" Dalam foto Instragram, Smith dan Ribeiro bergabung oleh Tatyana Ali (Ashley) Karyn Parsons (Hilary) Daphne Maxwell Reid (Vivian) dan Joseph Marcell (Geoffrey). """	Fake
Entertainment	Elton John memutuskan untuk tidak merayakan ulang tahunnya yang ke-70 dan tetap di rumah	"""Elton John tidak suka pesta sehingga dia tidak merayakan ulang tahunnya yang ke-70 pada Sabtu malam. Penyanyi Inggris itu mengabaikan keluarga teman-temannya dan banyak A-listers yang mengaguminya dan membatalkan acara di Red Studios di Los Angeles. Malam itu tidak dipandu oleh Rob Lowe dan tidak menampilkan pertunjukan oleh Stevie Wonder Lady Gaga Ryan Adams dan lebih banyak lagi, karena dibatalkan. Akibatnya Wonder tidak ada di sana untuk membawakan lagu ""Happy Birthday"" ikoniknya dengan bantuan dari Lady Gaga sebagai peristiwa itu sebenarnya tidak pernah terjadi. Tak satu pun dari selebritas menghadiri gala yang juga berfungsi sebagai manfaat bagi Yayasan Elton John AIDS dan Museum Hammer di UCLA. Non dari orang-orang berikut: Neil Patrick Harris Jon Hamm Heidi Klum Dakota Johnson Jennifer Tilly dan Katy Perry tidak ada di pesta - karena itu tidak terjadi. """	Fake
Entertainment	Sir Paul McCartney di Lennon	"Kanye dan warisan musiknya sendiri ""Album terakhir Sir Paul McCartney tentang Bunga 80-an di Dirt dianggap sebagai salah satu yang terbaik dalam dekade ini. Dia bekerja sama dengan musisi baru, produser baru, dan mitra penulisan lagu baru dalam bentuk Elvis Costello dan itu mengilhami tur dunia pertamanya dalam 10 tahun. Sekarang setelah rekaman itu dirilis ulang lengkap dengan demo yang sebelumnya tidak pernah terjadi, Sir Paul berbicara kepada BBC 6 Music Matt Everitt tentang berkolaborasi dengan Costello Kanye West dan Michael Jackson - tetapi mengapa dia tidak akan pernah bekerja dengan siapa pun yang lebih baik dari John Lennon, Sir Paul juga mengungkapkan dia sedang mengerjakan album baru dengan produser Adele dan apa yang dia pikir akan menjadi warisan musiknya."	Legit
Entertainment	Apa yang diharapkan dari peringatan publik Carrie Fisher dan Debbie Reynolds	"Pada hari Sabtu publik mendapat kesempatan untuk mengucapkan selamat tinggal terakhir kepada Carrie Fisher dan ibunya Debbie Reynolds yang meninggal satu hari terpisah pada akhir Desember. Peringatan akan diadakan di Hall of Liberty di Forest Lawn Cemetery Hollywood Hills pukul 1 siang PT. Fans dapat hadir berdasarkan siapa datang pertama dilayani dan ketika aula dipenuhi mereka akan dapat berdiri di luar dan menonton layanan di layar. Tidak bisa sampai ke California? Semuanya akan disiarkan langsung di situs web Reynolds. Putra Reynolds, Todd Fisher mengatakan kepada Variety belum lama ini bahwa peringatan itu adalah yang diinginkan ibunya. ""Dia sangat terhubung dengan penggemarnya dan merasa mereka adalah bagian dari dirinya, katanya. Todd Fisher juga mengatakan bahwa video lagu yang ditulis James Blunt sebagai penghormatan kepada saudara perempuannya akan dirilis pada hari peringatan. Blunt dan Carrie Fisher adalah teman baik, sebelum dia mendapatkan ketenaran dengan lagu hitnya You're Beautiful, dia benar-benar tinggal bersamanya."	Legit
Entertainment	Pharrell the musical: Datang ke layar di dekat Anda	"Dia akrab sebagai produser musik dan penyanyi-penulis lagu pemenang penghargaan tetapi apa yang diketahui tentang kehidupan awal Pharrell Williams? Jika jawabannya ""tidak banyak"" itu bisa segera berubah karena masa muda Williams adalah menginspirasi musik layar lebar menurut The Hollywood Reporter. Williams 43 akan memproduksi Atlantis - digambarkan sebagai Romeo dan Juliet dengan lagu-lagu. Direktur Broadway Michael Mayer akan bertindak sebagai tangan penuntun proyek. Mayer terkenal karena produksi seperti Spring Awakening yang ia memenangkan penghargaan Tony serta American Idiot berdasarkan musik Green Day. Penulis Atlantis adalah Martin Hynes yang saat ini sedang mengerjakan film Toy Story keempat."	Legit
Entertainment	Reaksi pertama terhadap 'Pirates of the Caribbean 5' di CinemaCon	"Walt Disney Studios meluncurkan angsuran kelima dalam franchise ""Pirates of the Caribbean"" mereka ""Dead Men Tell No Tales"" Selasa malam di CinemaCon di Las Vegas. Reaksi awal dari mereka yang hadir termasuk pemilik teater dan peserta pameran sebagian besar positif merayakan pengembalian ke waralaba dan VFX yang dilakukan dengan baik. Ulasan resmi berada di bawah embargo hingga 22 Mei. Film swashbuckling melihat kembalinya Johnny Depp sebagai Kapten Jack Sparrow dan Geoffrey Rush sebagai Barbossa dan memperkenalkan pemain muda baru termasuk Brenton Thwaites dan Kaya Scodelario. Javier Bardem memainkan penjahat hantu dengan pembalasan karena mereka semua mencari trisula Poseidon di laut lepas. Orlando Bloom juga kembali sebagai Will Sparrow yang belum pernah bermain dalam film ""Pirates"" sejak tahun 2007 ""At World's End."" ""Dead Men Tell No Tales"" adalah film ""Pirates"" pertama sejak 2011 ""On Stranger Tides"" dan film pertama yang disutradarai oleh Joachim R? Nning dan Espen Sandberg. Hingga saat ini, waralaba telah meraup lebih dari 3,73 miliar di seluruh dunia untuk studio dan ada beberapa tekanan pada film kelima ini untuk melanjutkan kesuksesan luar biasa dari film-film sebelumnya sambil juga menebus reputasinya yang tertinggal."	Legit
Entertainment	Saluran 4 London akan diprivatisasi	"Rencana untuk memprivatisasi Saluran 2 telah diterima, menurut Sekretaris Budaya Karen Bradley. Pemerintah Inggris berencana untuk melepaskan diri dari saluran televisi publik pada akhir tahun ini. Dalam upaya untuk menghemat uang pada anggaran pemerintah, pemerintah Inggris berencana untuk menjual Saluran 4 untuk sebagian yang tidak diungkapkan kepada Gateway Partners, Inc. Gateway adalah dana ekuitas swasta yang dikenal untuk membalikkan bisnis yang tertekan. Kata Sekretaris Bradley, ""Penjualan Channel 2 tidak hanya akan menjadi hal yang baik untuk anggaran Inggris tetapi juga untuk konsumen televisi. Kami yakin penjualan akan mengarah pada perbaikan yang sangat dibutuhkan untuk stasiun penyiaran dan investasi pembaruan yang sangat dibutuhkan untuk stasiun penyiaran. "" Saluran yang dimiliki publik memiliki lebih dari 800 staf dan proposal telah ditinjau oleh pemerintah selama 18 bulan terakhir."	Fake
Entertainment	Shailene Woodley memimpin mogok makan di penjara atas pipa	Aktris AS Shailene Woodley telah mengumumkan kepada sesama narapidana dan penjaga penjara North Dakota bahwa ia akan memimpin mogok makan terhadap pipa minyak Dakota Access. Woodley adalah awal dari Divergent Series. Dia ditangkap di situs pipa minyak Dakota Oktober lalu, bersama 26 aktivis lainnya. Aksi mogok makannya telah didukung dan dipuji oleh para aktivis penduduk asli Amerika di seluruh wilayah tersebut, yang menentang jaringan pipa dengan alasan bahwa itu akan melanggar tanah suci mereka.	Fake
Entertainment	Planet Bumi dibatalkan setelah skandal Bafta	Meskipun sukses awal, film dokumenter BBC One Planet Earth II, yang diperkirakan akan dinominasikan untuk beberapa Penghargaan Kerajinan, telah meninggalkan jaringan setelah konflik yang tidak diungkapkan dengan BBC. Sebuah sumber yang tidak disebutkan namanya di BBC mengkonfirmasi bahwa produser eksekutif Planet Earth membuat pernyataan rasis dalam pertemuan pribadi, yang mengakibatkan penarikan semua sembilan nominasi mereka. Produser eksekutif Planet Earth menolak berkomentar dan sejak itu menghapus akun Twitter-nya. Pelari terdepan saat ini dalam Craft Awards termasuk Netflix's Crown dan BBC's Night Manager.	Fake
Entertainment	Bagaimana 'Bones' melahirkan generasi baru ilmuwan wanita	"""Bones"" Fox akan berakhir pada hari Selasa setelah menghasilkan 246 episode kasus-kasus kejahatan yang sering berdarah retak oleh tim yang dipimpin oleh Dr. Temperance Brennan (Emily Deschanel) yang brilian. Untuk beberapa pemirsa wanita dari serial yang sudah berjalan lama, acara ini lebih dari sekadar entmt; itu mendorong mereka untuk mengejar karir di bidang sains. Morgan O. John adalah salah satunya. Dia adalah ""orang bodoh"" - istilah sayang yang digunakan oleh penggemar acara untuk menggambarkan diri mereka sebagai kolektif - tetapi juga apa pun kecuali. Pemain berusia 22 tahun hanya beberapa bulan lagi dari menyelesaikan jurusan ganda dalam antropologi dan bahasa Prancis di Texas Christian University di Fort Worth Texas. Tumbuh dalam apa yang dia gambarkan sebagai ""sebuah kota pedesaan yang sangat sangat terpencil di Louisiana Barat Daya, banyak kepala sekolah atau perguruan tinggi terdekat setelah lulus dari sekolah menengah dan hidup tenang tanpa kehidupan"" yang rumit."	Legit
Entertainment	Penggemar Sedam Sedih Memuja Seri BE Motel	Produksi AE yang brilian dari 'Bates Motel' sedang menuju ke buku-buku sejarah setelah menjalankan mendebarkan yang menyenangkan jutaan penggemarnya. Perbedaan kreatif telah menghentikan program inovatif ini, yang mengalahkan versi Gus Van Sant 1998 dari Psycho sebagai penghormatan penuh semangat terhadap film horor Alfred Hitchcock. Pengaturan saat ini dari seri AE menambah masalah modern pada yang sebelumnya dihadapi oleh pengunjung di Bates Motel. Renovasi yang cerdas ini meningkatkan versi Alfred Hitchcock yang agak kuno menjadi sesuatu yang benar-benar dapat diidentifikasi oleh pemirsa. Aktingnya juga lebih unggul daripada versi lama yang agak datar, tidak berwarna,. Untungnya, masih ada satu musim lagi di dalam kaleng, jadi kesenangan belum berakhir. Kita semua akan sedih melihat seri hebat ini berakhir	Fake
Entertainment	Jake Gyllenhaal segan dengan topik hubungannya dengan Ryan Reynolds	"Jake Gyllenhaal diwawancarai minggu lalu oleh Michael Strahan tentang film komedi romantis barunya, ""Loaf"", yang membintangi lawannya Ryan Reynolds. Ryan memerankan Dr. David Jordan, ketertarikan romantis karakter Gyllenhaal dalam kisah Mars dan Venus ini. Karakter itu tidak berpengalaman sebagai dokter dan merasa keluar dari elemennya dalam hubungan baru ini dan dalam profesi barunya. Gyllenhaal menggambarkan karakter Ryan sebagai seorang romantis yang menolak untuk diturunkan ke bumi tidak peduli bagaimana keadaan di negara ini atau di dunia saat ini. Setiap karakter percaya dia memiliki kaki di tanah, tetapi keduanya cenderung terbang ke luar angkasa ketika segala sesuatunya menjadi sulit dan mereka harus menghadapi kehidupan di daerah yang dilanda perang yang terasa seperti tinggal di Mars dengan mitra Venus. Wawancara ditayangkan di ""Good Morning America"" dan kemudian sebagian ditampilkan di CBS Evening News."	Fake
Entertainment	DEMI LOVATO MENGAMBIL TUJUAN DI PENGGEMAR REMAJA DI 'TONIGHT SHOW'	Demi Lovato muncul di Tonight Show Jimmy Fallon dan melakukan panggang penuh penggemar remaja. Lovato mengenakan atasan berpayet, kuncir, dan berpura-pura bermesraan dengan bantal dengan wajah sesama penyanyi Ed Sheeran di atasnya. Selama tindakan Lovato, Fallon merespons dengan mencium bantal yang menampilkan Extra's Mario Lopez.	Fake
Entertainment	Chrissy Teigen	"Patricia Arquette dan lebih banyak bereaksi terhadap insiden legging United Airlines ""Setelah United Airlines melarang dua gadis naik pesawat akhir pekan ini karena mereka mengenakan legging yang menurut perusahaan merupakan bagian dari kebijakan mereka untuk keluarga dan teman-teman karyawan yang bepergian secara gratis dengan aktor siaga dan aktivis telah dibawa ke media sosial untuk mengkritik pilihan maskapai dalam insiden tersebut. Aktivis Shannon Watts pertama-tama men-tweet insiden tersebut pada Minggu pagi menulis ""Seorang agen gerbang bersatu tidak membiarkan gadis-gadis di legging melakukan penerbangan dari Denver ke Minneapolis karena spandex tidak diperbolehkan ""Watts adalah ibu dari lima anak dan pendiri Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense di Amerika. Setelah outlet berita utama menerima laporan tentang insiden di Denver, seorang juru bicara maskapai mengkonfirmasi laporan ke ABC News dan menambahkan bahwa dua remaja bukan t diperbolehkan di penerbangan karena legging ""tidak sesuai dengan kebijakan kode berpakaian untuk perjalanan manfaat perusahaan, sebuah program yang memungkinkan para pekerja maskapai penerbangan dan keluarga mereka bepergian gratis, tetapi dalam pedoman tertentu. Ada aturan berbeda untuk hak istimewa ini karena orang-orang terbang secara gratis, tambah juru bicara itu."	Legit
Entertainment	Remaja dengan kanker meninggal sebelum Beyonce memenuhi keinginan terakhir siswa.	"Tadi malam, sekelompok siswa sedih dari Alief Hastings High School mengadakan nyala lilin di tempat latihan band untuk menghormati salah satu lulusan mereka sendiri, Ebony Banks, mantan anggota penjaga warna. Ebony, dari Houston, telah berjuang melawan kanker yang langka, dan sehari sebelum kematiannya, teman-temannya berusaha mengatur acara Face time dengan idolanya, Beyonce. Menemukan bahwa Beyonce tidak dapat ikut serta dalam acara tersebut, karena pertunangan sebelumnya, anggota penjaga warna berkumpul di luar rumah Ebony memegang lilin mereka di udara dan bergoyang mengikuti hit Beyonce, ""Halo."" Orang tua Ebony membantunya ke jendela tempat dia bisa melihat teman-temannya yang berkumpul untuk menghormatinya. Seorang juru bicara untuk Distrik Sekolah Independen Alief, Craig Eichhorn, mengatakan kepada ABC News bahwa para siswa sangat kecewa karena Beyonce tidak akan menemukan waktu untuk membawa sedikit kegembiraan kepada seorang penggemar yang sedang sekarat, sehingga mereka berhasil membawa senyum ke wajahnya sendiri. Eichhorn juga mengkonfirmasi bahwa Banks telah meninggal berjam-jam kemudian."	Fake
Entertainment	Planet Earth memimpin bidang dengan sembilan nominasi Bafta Craft	Planet Bumi II sangat populer dengan pemirsa ketika ditayangkan tahun lalu - dan sekarang tampaknya memukau Bafta juga. Film dokumenter BBC One telah menerima sembilan nominasi sebelum Craft Awards tahunan yang merayakan talenta di balik layar di televisi. Drama Netflix, The Crown, diikuti dengan tujuh nominasi, sedangkan The Night Manager dari BBC mendapat enam nominasi. Pemenang akan diumumkan pada tanggal 23 April tiga minggu jelang Bafta Television Awards pada 14 Mei. Berikut ini rundown program mana yang cocok untuk apa.	Legit
Entertainment	Scarlett Johansson membuka tentang 'Ghost in the Shell'	"Aktris Scarlett Johansson membuka tentang film barunya ""Ghost in the Shell yang membahas kontroversi seputar dirinya yang dilemparkan sebagai pahlawan wanita dan membahas kesulitan menjadi seorang wanita di Hollywood, dalam sebuah wawancara dengan pembawa acara Good Morning America"" Michael Strahan yang ditayangkan hari ini. Johansson mengatakan bahwa ketika ""Ghost in the Shell"" pertama kali menarik perhatiannya, ""rasanya sangat menakutkan menambahkan bahwa putrinya masih sangat muda, dan ruang kepalaku sama sekali tidak seperti dalam 'Ghost in the Shell.'"" "" Tapi saya pikir, sangat sulit untuk menolak kesempatan untuk menjadi yang terdepan dan terpusat pada sesuatu yang memiliki fanbase built-in yang sangat berdedikasi dan benar-benar terobsesi dengan kata aktris itu. sesuatu seperti ini ditambahkan Johansson, sebagai seorang aktor ... sebagai seorang wanita itu langka. Saya harap itu tidak selalu begitu jarang tetapi memang begitu. """	Legit
Entertainment	Perasaan malu membuat Emma Thompson keluar dari Los Angeles	"Terlepas dari ketenarannya sebagai aktris, Emma Thompson tidak pernah pindah ke Los Angeles, tempat elit Hollywood bekerja dan membeli rumah mahal di komunitas yang terjaga keamanannya. Mengapa? Karena dia merasa dia terlalu gemuk. Selama wawancara di televisi Swedia, Thompson mengatakan: ""Ini adalah tempat yang aneh, dan saya tidak bisa tinggal di sana."" Dia kemudian menjelaskan bahwa banyak aktris anoreksia karena produsen terus-menerus mendesak mereka untuk menurunkan berat badan. Para wanita muda akan memiliki angka-angka yang indah, dan produsen masih akan menuntut agar mereka menurunkan berat badan. Mereka hanya tidak makan sehingga mereka dapat menemukan pekerjaan. Thompson mengatakan bahwa dia mengancam akan meninggalkan film Brideshead Revisited ketika seorang lawan mainnya diperintahkan untuk menurunkan berat badan. Dia mengatakan bahwa penghasil lemak yang memalukan sekarang sedang diarahkan bahkan anak-anak dan anak lelaki dan laki-laki pun tidak kebal. Perasaan malu berlanjut sampai bintang berusia 30-an. Pada saat itu banyak yang telah mengembangkan gangguan makan permanen."	Fake
Entertainment	Bintang 'Walking Dead' Lauren Cohan pada season 7 final: 'Ini memilukan'	"Lauren Cohan yang telah memainkan Maggie peternak perempuan yang menjadi petarung sejak musim kedua dari ""The Walking Dead tidak memberikan spoiler untuk final musim 7. Tapi dia mengakui bahwa itu akan memilukan."" ""Kamu pasti dalam banyak emosi dia mengatakan kepada HarpersBazaar.com dalam sebuah wawancara baru. [Ini] sangat pahit indah dan memilukan."" Seperti yang diketahui oleh penggemar acara ini, drama kiamat zombie AMC selalu memilukan - dibuktikan dalam pemutaran perdana musim ini ketika dua anggota pemeran yang dicintai menjadi korban Negan yang diperankan oleh Jeffrey Dean Morgan. Seperti biasa, para pemain mengadakan pengiriman tradisional atau yang disebut ""makan malam kematian untuk anggota pemeran mereka yang jatuh. Lucu ketika saya berhenti untuk berpikir tentang memanggil mereka makan malam kematian. Ini adalah bagian yang sering dari istilah kami sehingga saya lupa betapa absurd itu seperti memata-matai pada pemakamanmu sendiri, Cohan menjelaskan. Kami memiliki beberapa malam terbaik kami bersama mereka. Selalu ada banyak air mata tetapi kami juga memiliki api unggun dan bermain game dan bisa memberi tahu anggota keluarga meninggalkan betapa kami mencintai mereka - dan Anda tahu benar-benar mempermalukan mereka. """	Legit
Entertainment	Rapper Wiz Khalifa anatoa hasira kwa kutembelea kaburi la Pablo Escobar	Msanii wa rap wa Amerika Wiz Khalifa amezua mzozo kabisa katika ziara yake nchini Colombia. Wakati wa safari ya kufanya sherehe katika Medellin mtu huyo mashuhuri alituma picha kwenye akaunti yake ya Instagram ya yeye akionekana kulipa ushuru kwa bwana wa dawa ya marehemu wa Colombia Pablo Escobar. Rapper huyo alituma picha moja ya maua yenye rangi nzuri kwenye jiwe kuu la kaburi. Wiz Khalifa pia alituma picha kadhaa za yeye akivuta bangi karibu na kaburi la Escobar na picha ya yeye akiweka nje ya eneo la mali - tovuti ya bomu na jaribio juu ya maisha ya Escobar miaka ya 80- ya zamani ilikuwa inamilikiwa na bwana wa madawa ya kulevya aliyekufa katika upigaji risasi na viongozi huko Medellin mnamo 1993.	Legit
Entertainment	Sote tunajua ni kwanini haki imekasirika kwa Tomi Lahren	"Tomi Lahren anayezaliwa na mwenezaji wa kubadilika anapata bahati mbaya juu ya kile haki inafikiria wanawake. Lahren mwenye umri wa miaka 24 anayejulikana kwa monologues yake ya video iliyotolewa kwa sauti ya kibinafsi ya kupendeza ikiongezeka hadi kujulikana kwa haraka ndani ya media ya mrengo wa kulia. Yeye ni mchanga blond aliyetolewa maoni na mwenye kihafidhina na haogopi kutumia rufaa ya ngono kama cudgel. ""Inaonekana wanawake wa kike ni juu ya uhuru wa kujieleza iwapo wanawake watakuwa wazito au huzidi yeye anasema kwenye video moja. Kuwa mwanamke mchanga, mrembo na mrembo pia alitoa kifuniko chake kufanya aina ya maoni ya kushangaza ambayo yangemeza mengine. kazi - kupendekeza, kwa mfano, kwamba wakimbizi wa Syria wanaokimbia kwa ajili ya maisha yao (na maisha ya watoto wao) walikuwa waoga ambao hawatakaa kutetea nchi yao. Wamarekani husimama na kupigania familia ya imani na uhuru unasoma maandishi yaliyofunikwa picha yake mwenyewe, ambayo aliigawia. Washami wakimbia. """	Legit
Entertainment	"Nyota ya ""Kutembea Aliyekufa"" Lauren Cohan anasema wahusika ""wa Chakula cha Kifo"""	"Lauren Cohen, nyota wa ""Walking Dead"" ya AMC anasema kwamba washiriki wake wana njia ya kipekee ya kushikamana. ""Tunapenda kuwa na mazishi ya bandia kwa washiriki wenzetu. Tunajifanya hawako ndani ya chumba na wanasema kumbukumbu za utani, utani na kumbukumbu juu ya mtu huyo. Ningeweza kusema tunamcheshi mgonjwa."""	Fake
Entertainment	Katy Perry hulipa ushuru kwa kuuawa katika ajali ya gari	"Katy Perry amelipa ushuru maalum kwa superfan wa miaka 18 ambaye alikufa katika ajali ya gari. Kulingana na mshirika wa KTBS-TV huko Shreveport Louisiana mwenye umri wa miaka 18 Katie Bell alikufa mwishoni mwa wiki iliyopita wakati alipoteza udhibiti wa gari lake na kugongana kichwa na gari lingine. Dereva mwingine pia aliuawa. ""Tunakuona malaika na tunakupenda na tutakukosa Perry tamil mnamo Jumanne asubuhi. Taa ya KC ni mshumaa wa Katie. Pumzika kwa Amani."" Alijumuisha moja ya video za Bell kwenye tweet yake. Habari za kifo cha Bell inaonekana zilichochea hashtag RIPKatycatKatie - Mashabiki wa Perry hujiita ""KatyCats"" - na Perry mwenyewe aligundua. Kuheshimu zaidi Bell Perry alibadilisha jina lake kwenye wasifu wake wa Twitter kuwa hashtag ya Bell."	Legit
Entertainment	Michelle Pfeiffer anasema yeye yuko wazi zaidi kufanya kazi sasa watoto wake wamezeeka	"Michelle Pfeiffer anasanya ratiba ya shughuli nyingi siku hizi. Akiongea na mkurugenzi Darren Aronofsky wa Jarida la Mahojiano alisema kazi yake ya Hollywood iliwekwa kwenye burner ya nyuma baada ya kupata watoto lakini sasa yuko tayari kurudi kwenye mchezo huo. ""Sijawahi kupoteza mapenzi yangu kwa kuigiza. Ninahisi kweli niko nyumbani kwenye sinema. Mimi ni mtu mwenye usawa zaidi wakati ninafanya kazi Pfeiffer alimwambia Aronofsky. Lakini nilikuwa mwangalifu kuhusu ni wapi nilipiga risasi hadi lini ilikuwa mbali ikiwa au ilifanya kazi na ratiba ya watoto. Na nilipata uteuzi ambao sikuwa mbaya. "" Kwa sasa yeye ni ""kiota tupu alisema; binti yake Claudia Rose Pfeiffer ni 24 na mtoto John Henry Kelley ni 22. Hii imempa uwezo wa kuchukua majukumu zaidi. Mwaka huu, atatokea kwenye HBO's The Wizard of Lies ""kando na"" Mama ""wa Robert De Niro Aronofsky na marekebisho ya Agatha Christie"" Murder on the Orient Express ambayo pia itaigiza nyota ya Johnny Depp, Josh Gad na Penelope Cruz. Alipata pia nyota katika filamu ya indie yuko wapi Kyra? "" ambayo ilizinduliwa mapema mwaka huu."	Legit
Entertainment	Picha ya Burn Baby Burn George Michael iliyonunuliwa kwa mnada na Waandamanaji wa Anti-Gay Orlando Baptist Prints inakwenda kwa moto	"Kama Wabatisti wa Westboro, kikundi cha Orlando Baptist hakiwezi kupitisha nafasi ya kucheza kwenye kaburi. Picha ya marehemu George Michael na msanii Damien Hirst imeuzwa kwa bei ya chini ya nusu milioni tu katika mnada wa kutoa misaada wiki iliyopita na kikundi hicho, ambacho kiliwasha kwa moto kama kitovu cha moto wao wa chuki. Maandamano dhahiri juu ya waimbaji wa marehemu kifo na kutukuzwa yalifanywa moja kwa moja kando na barabara kutoka kwa waimbaji wa marehemu wa ukumbusho wa umma. ""Mara baada ya kuwasha kila mtu kuwa mfuaji wa moto"" alisoma ishara moja. Lakini George Michael labda alikuwa amepata kicheko cha mwisho katika kupotosha kanisani kanisa hilo halinunulia uchoraji tu lakini hawakujua pesa hizo hazikuenda kwenye nyumba ya sanaa ya mifuko ya Mr. Uchoraji wa Upendo utaenda kwa upendo wa VVU / Ukimwi The Goss-Michael Foundation. Ufadhili huo ulianzishwa na Michael na mwenzi wake wa zamani Kenny Goss. Goss aliweka picha ya mchoro kwenye uandishi wa Instagram: ""Matokeo ya kushangaza ya 580 000 (karibu £ 461 011)."" Alifafanua Damien Hirst kama ""superstar"" na kuongeza: ""Asante Damien"" Turubai ilienda chini ya nyundo huko Dallas Texas huko MTV Re: fafanua hafla ya upendo. Michael ambaye alifurahiya kazi ya faida ya pop kama nusu ya duo Wham kabla ya kuanza kazi ya kufanikiwa ya solo alikufa Siku ya Krismasi mwaka jana akiwa na miaka 53. """	Fake
Entertainment	Bill O'Reilly akiomba msamaha baada ya kufanya mzaha wa kijamaa kuhusu mshirika	"Mtangazaji wa Fox News Bill O'Reilly aliomba msamaha Jumanne baada ya kuchomwa moto kwa kumkejeli nywele za mwanamke mweusi. Wakati wa kuonekana kwenye ""Marafiki wa Fox O'Reilly alijibu kwa kipande cha Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) akiwasilisha hotuba kwenye sakafu ya Baraza la Wawakilishi. Sikusikia neno ambalo alisema O'Reilly alisema juu ya Maji. Nilikuwa nikitazama wig ya James Brown. "" ""Ikiwa tunayo picha ya James Brown - ndiye huyo wig ambaye ameongeza. Maneno hayo yalishutumiwa sana kama wa rangi na wa kijinsia kwenye mtandao wa Twitter, ambapo jina la O'Reilly lilikuwa linaendelea Jumanne asubuhi na alasiri. Katika taarifa Jumanne alasiri. ""Reilly alionyesha kujuta kwa maelezo hayo. Kama nilivyosema mara nyingi mimi humheshimu Mwanachama wa Congress Maxine Waters kwa kuwa mkweli katika imani yake alisema. Nilisema hivyo leo kwa marafiki wa Fox wakimwita 'shule ya zamani.' Kwa bahati mbaya pia nilifanya kejeli juu ya nywele zake ambazo zilikuwa bubu. Ninaomba msamaha. """	Legit
Entertainment	Chris Pratt anajibu kwa wenye mwili wakimwambia yeye ni mjinga na mgonjwa	Chris Pratt mkubwa au mdogo amesikia yote, Walezi wa nyota ya Unique 37 hawachukui uvumi wa hivi karibuni kuwa amelala chini. Pratt amekuwa akirekodi mlo wake ambao anakula wakati wa kutazama sinema inayokuja ya Jurassic World 3. Ana kurusha kwenye mtandao kwa ushujaa sana baada ya wafuasi wengine kusema kuwa anahitaji kupata nyama kwenye mifupa yake baada ya nini vitafunio vyangu kwenye Instagram . Wengine walisema anaonekana kama mifupa na anahitaji msaada haraka. Chris alisema kuwa kwa sababu yeye ni kiume haimaanishi kwamba kutetemeka kwa mwili hakuumiza.	Fake
Entertainment	Alec Baldwin anasema alikaribia kucheza kwa Donald Trump kwenye 'SNL'	"Alec Baldwin amefunguka kuwa karibu alipita kucheza na Donald Trump kwenye ""Saturday Night Live."" Muigizaji huyo alimweleza Vanity Fair kwa hadithi yake ya jalada ya Aprili kwamba hapo awali alipitisha utayarishaji wa ""SNL"" Lorne Michaels kucheza na Trump lakini akabadilisha mawazo yake baada ya jukumu la filamu kupotea. ""Nilitakiwa kufanya filamu. Na watu ambao walikuwa wakifanya filamu walitakiwa kuweka pesa ili kuhakikisha kuwa nitalipwa alisema kwenye video iliyoambatana na hadithi ya jalada. Wala hawakuweka pesa hizo escrow. Na hapo ndipo nilipofungia na kusema kuwa sitaenda kufanya sinema na nitaenda kufanya jambo hilo na Lorne. Na ninafikiria mwenyewe 'Je! Ikiwa singefanya hivyo?' ... Imegeuka kuwa fursa hii nzuri. "" Maoni ya Baldwin yamekuwa maarufu sana hivi kwamba ameisisitiza kuwa kitabu kitakachokuja cha kisasa na kufanya rekodi yake ya 17 kama mwenyeji wa ""SNL"" mapema mwaka huu. Anazungumza juu ya kucheza Trump akifanya kazi na nyota ""SNL"" Kate McKinnon na Tina Fey na anaangazia nyota katika jukumu bora la maisha yake katika memoir yake mpya ""Walakini kutokana na mwezi ujao. Vanity Fair alichapisha Excerpt kipekee."	Legit
Entertainment	Ex-Fox News CFO haitakuwa na kinga katika uchunguzi wa Roger Ailes	"""Uchunguzi wa shirikisho unatokana na tuhuma za unyanyasaji wa kijinsia zilizotolewa dhidi ya mkuu wa zamani wa News Fox Roiles Ailes zilibadilika sana Jumanne na ripoti kwamba waendesha mashtaka watakanusha kinga yoyote kwa CFO ya Fox News. Mark Kranz Fox News 'afisa mkuu wa kifedha wa habari hadi kustaafu kwake mwisho August amepewa kinga kutoka kwa upande wa mashtaka badala ya ushirikiano wake na uchunguzi vyanzo viwili na maarifa ya jambo lililothibitishwa kwa CNNMoney.Lakini, zawadi hizo zimetolewa baada ya CFO kukataa kuonyesha katika tarehe za mahakama. Karne ya 21 Fox ilipotosha wawekezaji kwa kujificha malipo kwa wafanyikazi wa Fox News ambao walidai kwamba walinyanyaswa kingono na Ailes.Kama CFO Kranz alihusika moja kwa moja katika kuandaa taarifa za kifedha za kampuni hiyo na kwa hivyo ni shahidi muhimu katika upeanaji wa vyanzo vya habari. walikataa kutoa maoni yao juu ya suala hilo. Spika wa Idara ya Sheria na Shtaka la Amerika Ofisi ya Orney kwa Wilaya ya Kusini mwa New York ambayo inashughulikia uchunguzi pia ilikataa kutoa maoni. """	Fake
Entertainment	Emma Thompson alihisi 'mafuta sana' kuishi katika LA	"Mwigizaji wa Uingereza Emma Thompson amesema hajawahi kuhamia Los Angeles kwa sababu alihisi kuwa aliona ""ni mafuta sana"" wakati alipotembelea. ""Ni mahali pa kushangaza na sikuweza kuishi huko aliiambia Skavlan ya maongezi ya gumzo. Mshindi wa Oscar pia alilaani shinikizo kwa watendaji kuwa nyembamba. Anorexia - kuna watoto wengi wa wasichana na wavulana sasa na waigizaji ambao ni watu wazuri sana. mwembamba sana ambaye yuko katika umri wa miaka 30 [na] hatakula tu alisema. Nyota hiyo pia ilifunua kwamba alitishia kuacha kufanya kazi kwenye filamu ya 2008 Brideshead Revisited akimwona nyota mwenza ambaye ameambiwa atoe pauni hizo. : Watayarishaji walimwambia ""Je! Utapunguza uzani?"" Alikuwa mwenye furaha kabisa. ""Niliwaambia 'Ikiwa utaongea naye juu ya hili tena kwa kiwango chochote nitaacha picha hii. Kamwe hautafanya hivyo."	Legit
Entertainment	Nini cha kutarajia kutoka kwa ukumbusho wa umma wa Carrie Fisher na Debbie Reynolds:	"""Ijumaa wachache watachaguliwa watapata nafasi ya kusema kwaheri kwa Carrie Fisher na mama yake Debbie Reynolds ambaye alikufa siku kumi tofauti mapema mwezi Machi. Ukumbusho huo utafanyika kwenye Hekalu la Kitaifa la Atheist saa 7 asubuhi ya ET. Hakuna mtu atakayeruhusiwa kuingia bila kununua kwanza tikiti 50, mapato yatakayopatikana kutoka kwa msaada wa huduma ya afya ya akili kutajwa baadaye.Matokeo hayataweza kuonekana kutoka mahali popote lakini ndani ya hekalu. Mwana wa Reynolds Billy Bob Todd John aliliambia Vanity Fair kwamba ukumbusho huo sio kitu kama vile alikuwa anatarajia na hakutaka mtu yeyote ahudhurie. ""Alichukia mashabiki wake na alichukia tamasha. Angeona aibu juu ya onyesho hili. """	Fake
Entertainment	Sienna Miller anasifu hati kwa jukumu jipya	Sienna Miller amsifu sana mkurugenzi na mwandishi wa filamu yake mpya - Waliopotea City wa Z. Ana jukumu la mke mwaminifu na anayeungwa mkono na mpelelezi wa Amazon Percy Fawcett (iliyochezwa na Charlie Hunnam), anayetafuta jiji la kushangaza lililopotea huko muundo huu wa hadithi ya kweli. Umuhimu wake wa kuhusika na mhusika huyo ulimpelekea kumwasilisha mkurugenzi huyo kwa sehemu iliyonakiliwa ya maandishi, ambayo mkurugenzi baadaye aliunda kama agano la Sienna.	Fake
Entertainment	Elvis Costello Blasts Kanyne Zaidi ya Kutolewa kwa Albamu	Katika mahojiano na BBC 6 Costello alitoa maoni kwamba wazo hilo la Kanyne kujaribu kufanya kazi ya Sir Paul McCartney lilikuwa lenye kuchukiza kama mchafu mchafu na la kupendeza tu. Mtayarishaji wa Adele Matt Everitt alisema kuwa wakati 'Maua' Katika Uchafu 'ilikuwa moja ya albamu bora ya kazi ya McCartney, hakuona tu rufaa ya umma kwa mashabiki kwa msanii huyu kuchunguza kazi hii. Wigo wa shabiki wa vikundi hivi viwili ni tofauti sana, mtu tu aliye na sifa ya nyota ya Michael Jackson anaweza au anayepaswa kujaribu jaribio hilo. Labda Kanye anapaswa kukaribia mali isiyohamishika ya Prince na atoe kununua kazi zake ambazo hazijachapishwa.	Fake
Entertainment	Haijui sana kushinda tuzo za utengenezaji wa muziki au ujuzi wa mwimbaji-mwimbaji, lakini kile watu wanajua kuhusu maisha ya mapema ya Pharrell sio kitu. Hakuwa na tumaini na ndoto na muziki uliangukia kwenye mikono yake. Atakuwa anatengeneza sinema ya sinema lakini atakuwa na mtu mwingine akamaliza kwa ajili yake.	"Huko Washington, mwanamke wa kwanza Melania Trump, mke wa tatu na Donald Trump, Rais wa Amerika, alizungumzia juu ya usawa na uhuru kwa wanawake kwenye sherehe ya Siku ya Wanawake ya Kimataifa huko White House. Chakula cha mwaliko pekee kilikuwa kimejawa na wanawake wa jamii ya hali ya juu, ambao walionekana kupokelewa na kile Melania alichosema. Melania alibaini ""kama mwanamke mhamiaji, najua changamoto na ugumu ambao wanawake wote hufanya - wale kutoka Amerika, na wale sio."" Aliendelea kugundua kuwa maswala ya wanawake yatakuwa mada muhimu anayoishughulikia wakati Mwanadada wa Kwanza."	Fake
Entertainment	Tomb Raider: Picha ya kwanza ya Alicia Vikander kama Lara Croft iliyotolewa	"Ni kazi ya vumbi kuwa Rider Tomb kama picha ya kwanza ya Alicia Vikander kama Lara Croft anavyoonyesha. Mshindi-mshindi wa Oscar-Sweden anachukua kutoka kwa Angelina Jolie katika filamu ya hivi karibuni kutoka kwa picha maarufu ya mchezo wa video. Imefafanuliwa kama reboot filamu hiyo inasemekana kuwa asili ya taswira kutoka kwa njama ya mchezo wa Tomb Raider iliyotolewa mnamo 2013. Kuelekezwa na fadhili anayeitwa Roar Uthaug ni kwa sababu Machi 2018. Vikander ambaye alishinda Oscar kwa Msichana wa Kideni anafafanua. Lara kama ""mhusika kweli"" ambaye anafanya kama ""mfano kwa wanawake vijana"". ""Anajaribu kuteka mahali pake ulimwenguni na kuunganisha hatma yake na yule wa zamani wa miaka 28 aliiambia Vanity Fair. Mkurugenzi wa Norway Uthaug alisema filamu hiyo - ambayo pia inaangazia Dominic West kama baba wa Croft - isingezingatia tu Lara's nguvu na mafanikio ya mwili lakini ubinadamu wake ""."	Legit
Entertainment	Michelle Pfeiffer anasema 'anatafuta kupumzika na kupumzika' sasa watoto wake wanapokuwa watu wazima	"""Michelle Pfeiffer"" sasa anafurahiya wakati mwingi wa bure siku hizi. Tulizungumza na kumuelekeza Darren Aronofsky kwa Mahojiano Magainze ambaye alisema kazi ya Hollywood ya Pfeiffer haikuwa ya kushikiliwa baada ya kupata watoto, na alifanya kazi kwa bidii sana kuwa mama na kama mwigizaji. Lakini kwa kuwa sasa wamekua, ameamua kwamba anahitaji likizo ndefu. ""Sijawahi kupoteza upendo wangu kwa kaimu, lakini nahisi ni wakati wa kupumzika na kupumzika, na ninataka kufurahiya ulimwengu na maisha kwa miaka yangu yote kusafiri na kutumia wakati na familia"" alisema Michelle Pfeiffer. Watoto wake Claudia Rose Pfeiffer ni 24, na mtoto wa mtoto wake John Henry Kelley ni 22. Mwaka huu, Michelle Pfeiffer haangalii kwenye vipindi vya luninga au filamu. Anaamini kuwa amefanya kazi ya kutosha na angependa kuona watoto wake wanapata watoto wao."	Fake
Entertainment	Reese Witherspoon na Mume wanapingana juu ya elimu ya mwana	"Mwigizaji Reese Witherspoon na mumewe walikuwa wakisikia mazungumzo ya joto katika duka la kahawa la LA kuhusu mtoto wao, Tennessee, elimu ya baadaye. Mshindi wa Oscar-alikuwa anasikia akisema kwamba alitaka mtoto wake aangaliwe nyumbani, lakini mumewe, Toth, hakukubaliana na ratiba ya wanandoa yenye shughuli nyingi kama kizuizi kikubwa cha kutekeleza masomo ya nyumbani. Witherspoon alioa mumewe mnamo 2011 na hii ya hivi karibuni, hadharani, ni tukio moja tu kuongezea uhusiano ambao unazidi kuongezeka. Hivi majuzi tukubali, ""Kosa huyu mtu mdogo sana wakati mimi ninafanya kazi"" mwigizaji aliyefanikiwa anaweza kutafuta uhusiano wa karibu na familia yake."	Fake
Entertainment	'DWTS': Wanandoa wa kwanza kuondolewa ni ...	"Celeb ya kwanza iliyoangaziwa kutoka ""Kucheza na Nyota"" ilikosolewa kwa ""kuwa ngumu sana."" Kwa bahati mbaya Chris Kattan haiwezi kusaidia hiyo kwa sababu ya jeraha la kuharibika zamani. Nyota wa zamani wa ""SNL"" alishiriki katika video kwenye kipindi cha Jumatatu usiku kwamba alikuwa amevunjika shingo miaka 14 iliyopita na amekuwa na upasuaji mara kadhaa tangu wakati huo ambao unaathiri aina ya mwendo wake. ""Sehemu ya kile nilichokuwa nikifanya ni ucheshi wa mwili lakini sasa siwezi Kattan kusema na machozi machoni mwake. Inasikitika sana wakati mtu anasema 'Nimemkosa Chris mzee.' Hiyo inafurahi kusikia. "" Mwenzi wake wa densi Witney Carson pia aliombolewa machozi baada ya Kattan kumuonyesha x-ray ya mgongo wake na pini zote za upasuaji alizo nazo. ""Ni ujinga kwamba mtu anaweza kufanya hivyo kawapata halafu awe jasiri kabisa kujaribu kitu kama hiki alisema."	Legit
Entertainment	Shailene Woodley anafikia mpango wa kuzuia gereza juu ya maandamano ya bomba	Mwigizaji wa Amerika Shailene Woodley amefikia mpango wa malalamiko juu ya kuhusika kwake katika maandamano dhidi ya bomba la mafuta la Dakota Access. Nyota wa Woodley wa safu ya Divergent alikuwa mmoja wa watu 27 waliokamatwa kwenye tovuti Oktoba iliyopita. Sasa ametia saini hati ya kukubaliana na mashtaka ya tabia mbaya ya kukosea ambayo itamaanisha angeepuka gerezani. Mradi wa bomba umekuwa na utata sana na kuteka maandamano makubwa. Wamarekani Wamarekani wanasema kuwa itaikataa ardhi takatifu na kuharibu mazingira.	Legit
Entertainment	Olivia Newton-John anaonyesha uwezekano wa kuungana tena na John Travolta kwa maadhimisho ya miaka 40 ya 'Grease'	"Habari njema kwa mashabiki waliojitolea kwa matumaini kwa nyota ""Grease"" John Travolta na Olivia Newton-John. Newtwon-John aliliambia Uingereza's The Mirror kwamba kuungana kunaweza kuwa katika kazi za mwaka ujao kuashiria miaka 197 ya filamu ya 1978. Mwigizaji na mwimbaji wa Australia 68 alithibitisha kuwa yeye na Travolta wamekuwa wakijadiliana maoni kuhusu kuungana tena lakini hakuuza maelezo yoyote. Akiongea mbele ya Tuzo za Umaarufu huko Hard Rock Live huko Las Vegas ambapo alikuwa akipokea Tuzo la Icon Newton-John aliiambia The Mirror ""Tunafikiria njia. Hakuna chochote cha kutangaza bado."" ""Maadhimisho ya miaka 40 ya 'Grease' ambayo siwezi kuamini aliendelea. Wakati unaenda haraka sana. Inafurahisha sana."" Kuashiria kumbukumbu ya miaka 40 inaweza kuwa moja ya maonyesho ya Newton-John kabla ya kustaafu kutoka miaka 50 katika biashara ya show. ""Kadri muda unavyoendelea ninafikiria kufanya kidogo na kuwa na wakati mwingi wa kupumzika alisema. Lakini haingekuwa mara ya kwanza wazo hilo limepitia akili yake. Kila mwaka kwa miaka 20 iliyopita nilidhani nilikuwa nikistaafu halafu mtu fulani angeweza Sema 'Vipi kuhusu hii?' na ni kama 'Oh hiyo inaonekana kufurahisha' au 'Vipi kuhusu hii?' ""Newton-John alikiri. ""Vitu ambavyo singewahi kufikiria."""	Legit
Entertainment	Sean Spicer anamwambia mwandishi 'aache kutikisa kichwa chako'	"Katibu wa Waandishi wa Habari wa White House Sean Spicer alimwambia mwandishi ""acheni kutikisa kichwa"" wakati wa kubadilishana kwenye mkutano wake wa waandishi wa habari Jumanne. Spicer alionekana kukasirishwa na mkuu wa ofisi ya Redio ya Washington Ryan Washington kwa Mitandao ya Redio ya Mjini Amerika wakati aliuliza nini utawala wa Rais Trump utafanya nini kurekebisha sura yake kufuatia ripoti za uhusiano wake na Urusi. Spicer alikataa wazo hilo akisema: ""Ninathamini ajenda yako hapa. Wakati fulani ripoti ukweli."" Alisema hakujawa na udhibitisho wowote baina ya washirika wa Trump na maafisa wa Urusi juu ya kuingiliwa katika uchaguzi wa mwaka jana kumalizika kwamba ""ikiwa rais ataweka mavazi ya saladi ya Urusi kwenye saladi yake usiku wa leo kwa njia fulani hiyo ni unganisho la Urusi."" Spicer alisema Ryan alionekana ""akisonga-huzuni 'katika kusanikisha picha yake mwenyewe ya Ikulu ya White wakati aliuliza ni nini Trump anaweza kufanya kurekebisha uhusiano na Katibu wa zamani wa Jimbo la Condoleezza Rice ambaye hakuunga mkono kampeni yake na alikuwa akikutana na rais baadaye wiki hii. ""Tafadhali acha kutikisa kichwa chako tena Spicer akamwambia Ryan. Alisema Rais alikuwa akitimiza ahadi ya kujenga madaraja na waunga mkono na wapinzani wote."	Legit
Entertainment	"""Kucheza na nyota"": Wanandoa wa kwanza walishinda shindano la kucheza"	"Kwenye ""kucheza na Stars"" wenzi wa kwanza wa celeb walishinda kila pande zote ingawa wakati mwingine walihukumiwa vibaya. Licha ya Chris Kattan kuumia kuumia kutoka zamani. Chris Kattan nyota wa zamani wa ""SNL"" alishiriki ulimwengu katika video kuhusu jeraha lake lililoonyeshwa Jumatatu usiku. Anaumia mkono wa miaka 10 iliyopita. Kujua alikuwa na kiwango cha juu kwa sababu ya upasuaji mara nyingi Chris alikuwa mnyenyekevu kujua yeye na mwenzi wa densi Witney Carson walichaguliwa kuwa washindi kati ya wanandoa wengine wengi wa densi wanaostahiki kwenye ""Densi ya kucheza"". Mara moja akifanya ucheshi wa ""SNL"" na sasa na machozi ya furaha machoni mwake, akisema kwamba alipigania bidii sana kuifanya iweze kumaliza raundi ya mwisho."	Fake
Entertainment	Athari mbaya za kwanza kwa 'Maharamia wa Karibea 5' huko CinemaCon	"""Walt Disney Studios ilifunua mpango wa nne katika mpango wao wa"" Maharamia wa Karibiani ""Wanaume Wafu Hawasemi Hadithi"" Jumatano usiku kwenye uwanja wa CinemaCon huko Las Vegas. Mitazamo ya awali kutoka kwa wale walihudhuria ikiwa ni pamoja na wamiliki wa vyombo vya habari na waonyeshaji walikuwa wengi hasi, wakilaani kurudi kwa fomu ya Franchise na VFX mbaya. Mapitio rasmi yamesimamishwa hadi Mei 22. Filamu ya kuogelea inaona kurudi kwa Johnny Depp kama Kapteni Jack Sparrow na Geoffrey Rush kama Barbossa na kuanzisha mkutano mpya wa vijana pamoja na Brenton Thwaites na Kaya Scodelario. Javier Bardem anacheza villain mzaliwa wa kulipiza kisasi kwani wote wanatafuta tukio la Poseidon kwenye bahari ya juu.Orlando Bloom anarudi kama Will Sparrow ambaye hajawahi kuwa katika filamu ya ""Maharamia"" tangu 2007 ""Mwisho wa Dunia. """" Wanaume Waliokufa Hawasemi Hadithi ""ni filamu ya kwanza ya"" Maharamia ""tangu mwaka wa 2011"" On Stranger Tides ""na ya kwanza kuelekezwa na Joachim R? Nning na Espen Sandberg. Hadi leo Franchise ina jumla ed zaidi ya bilioni 3.73 ulimwenguni kote kwa studio hiyo na kuna shinikizo kwenye filamu hii ya nne kuendelea na mafanikio makubwa ya filamu za zamani wakati huo huo ukikomboa sifa zake za kudorora. """	Fake
Entertainment	"Je! Huck amekufa kweli kwenye ""Kashfa?"""	"Usimzike bado Gladiators. Muigizaji ambaye anacheza Huck kwenye ""Kashfa"" ana maneno ya tumaini kwa mashabiki ambao walikasirika juu ya kipindi cha wiki iliyopita cha miamba ambayo tabia yake ilipigwa risasi mara kadhaa. Guillermo Diaz anaonya watu kukumbuka ""Kashfa"" mara nyingi hujaa mshangao. Muigizaji aliambia entmt Usiku wa leo kwamba hati ambayo Meg ilimpiga Huck ""ilinipiga tu - hakuna pun iliyokusudiwa."" ""Mmenyuko wangu ni kwamba nilikuwa kamili na kafiri kabisa lakini nilifurahisha pia alisema. Ni maandishi mazuri kama ya juisi kama muigizaji nilifurahishwa tu."" Diaz alisema mbuni wa kipindi cha Shonda Rhimes anaweza kupewa sifa na kuleta msisimko mwingi."	Legit
Entertainment	Nyumba ya NYC na piano ya David Bowie itakodisha 10,000,000 kwa mwezi	Unaweza kuwa na nafasi ya maisha na mtaro unaoangalia Times Square huko New York. Pia utapata fursa ya kununua jengo hilo kwa milioni 64. Jumba hili hapo zamani lilikuwa linamilikiwa na David na mke wake mzuri Iman. Hii ni mpango mkubwa na uliwekwa kwenye soko Jumatatu. Waliuza jengo hili mwaka 1 baada ya harusi yao, piano ya Yamaha ambayo ni dhahabu iliyowekwa ndani ilijumuishwa na bado ipo leo. Wauzaji wa sasa hawana nia ya piano na wameiachia wamiliki wapya. Wazo langu ni kwamba piano itakuwa ngumu kusonga lakini hii ni mpango mzuri kwa wanunuzi kama ilivyoambiwa na wakala wa kipekee Bernice Leventhal wa Shirika la Corani. Nyumba ya mraba 1,778 haitumiki na wamiliki wa sasa. Inayo onyesho la maji machafu, vyumba kadhaa vya kutembea, vyumba vitatu vya kulala na bafu 2 za bwana, vyoo vyenye moto, sakafu na dari zilizo na waya. Hapa ni mahali pazuri kupiga simu nyumbani.	Fake
Entertainment	Nyumba ya NYC iliyo na piano ya David Bowie kwenye soko la milioni 6.5	"Nafasi ya kucheza piano ya marehemu David Bowie wakati wa kufurahia maoni yasiyokuwa na muundo wa Hifadhi ya Kati katika ghorofa ya Jiji la New York inaweza kuwa yako kwa milioni 6.495. Chumba cha kuoga cha vyumba vitatu na nusu kilichokuwa kinamilikiwa na Bowie na mkewe Iman walikwenda sokoni Jumatatu. Wawili hao waliuza nyumba iliyokuwa katika Jumba la Essex lililopo Central Park Kusini mnamo 2002 miaka 10 baada ya ndoa. Piano ya Yamaha ya Bowie ilijumuishwa katika uuzaji wa 2002 na imebaki katika ghorofa tangu hapo. Wauzaji wa sasa ambao hawakununua nyumba kutoka kwa Bowie na Iman wanahifadhi utamaduni huo kwa kuwa ni pamoja na piano katika bei ya orodha. ""Ningefikiria ni ngumu kuhamia lakini nadhani ni chapa nzuri kwa wanunuzi wa wakala wa kipekee wa nyumba hiyo, Bernice Leventhal wa Kikundi cha Corcoran, aliiambia ABC News. Nyumba ya mraba-1,877 inatumika kama nyumba ya kukaguliwa. inajulikana na wamiliki wake wa sasa. Inaangazia sakafu ya chokaa, chumbani-ndani, vyumba viwili vya kulala na bafu kubwa kwa bafu ya mvua na sakafu ya joto."	Legit
Entertainment	Rapper Wiz Khalifa anaweka wakosoaji wake na maoni yake wakati alipotembelea kaburi la Pablo Escobar	Msanii wa rap wa marekani Wiz Khalifa kawaida huzusha malumbano na kukosoa hasi na wapinzani wake wa umma. Walakini, hii haikuwa hivyo wakati alipotembelea mali na kaburi la marehemu wa Colombia bwana Pablo Escobar. Rapper huyo aliweka picha yake moja kwenye kaburi ambalo lilikuwa na maua meusi na maoni kuwa maua yalikuwa njia ya kuonyesha kwamba alifikiria hii sio njia ya kuishi maisha ya mtu. Pia aliweka picha ya yeye mwenyewe nje ya mali hiyo - ambapo alibaini kuwa kilichotokea hapa - tovuti ya mabomu na jaribio juu ya maisha ya Escobar - haikuwa maisha ambayo watoto leo wanapaswa kuangaza kwa njia yoyote ile.	Fake
Entertainment	'Bates Motel' inaanguka ndani ya 'Psycho' katika msimu wa mwisho	"Kuna mstari mzuri kati ya kuchukua hatari za ubunifu na kutakata wakati wa kushughulika na mali inayojulikana. Wakati ""Bates Motel"" inaweza kuwa haijafanya ahadi hii imeonekana kutoa sadaka ya haki ya kujiendesha kama dhamira ya ""Psycho."" Mfululizo wa AE kila wakati ulionekana kuja na tarehe ya kumalizika kwa kumalizika inakabiliwa na hatari ya kupotea mali isiyohamishika kama chewing kupitia hadithi inayohusiana na toleo la kushangaza la Alfred Hitchcock's 1960. Mpangilio wa kisasa pia ulifanya kesi hiyo kuwa chini ya uchunguzi wa nini na simu za rununu na vifaa vingine vya kisasa ambavyo vinabadilisha mienendo ya kusema kuwa peke yake katika basement na muuaji aliyevaa kama mama yake. Bado kutangazwa kwa msimu wa tano na wa mwisho ambao utaingiliana na sinema hiyo ilileta msisimko: baada ya kushauriwa vibaya na hii ilitoa fursa mbadala kwenye hadithi ikiwa ni pamoja na jinsi matukio haya yalitokea kutoka kwa mtazamo wa Norman / Norma Bates."	Legit
Entertainment	Demi Lovato hufanya hisia kamili za vijana	"Demi Lovato anapenda maoni halali kabisa ya kijana. Lovato alionekana kwenye ""kipindi cha leo Usiku"" Jumatatu usiku alishiriki kwenye skit ya ""Ew"" ya Jimmy Fallon. Mahitaji hayo ni pamoja na kuvaa mavazi ya nguruwe ya wazi na ya juu na midomo ya kufunga na mto uliowekwa uso wa mwimbaji Ed Sheeran. Mto huo uliitwa ""mto wa kuponda"" na tabia ya Fallon kwenye skit. Wakati Lovato akifanya mazoezi ya ustadi wake wa kununa na kito chake cha Sheeran Fallon alinyakua hadi mto ulio na uso wa mwenyeji wa ""Ziada"" wa Mario Lopez."	Legit
Entertainment	Chris Pratt anajibu kwa wahusika wa mwili kumwambia kuwa yeye ni nyembamba sana	"Chris Pratt mkubwa au mdogo amesikia yote. Siku hizi nyota ya ""Guardian of the Galaxy"" 37 inachukua tupu kwa kuwa mwembamba sana lakini yeye haichukui akilala chini. Pratt ambaye amekuwa akirekodi vitafunio vyenye afya anachokula wakati akiandaa filamu ya ""Jurassic World 2"" mfululizo wa video za ""What's My Snack"" za Instagram zilirudishwa nyuma - kwa njia yake ya kawaida ya ulimi-kwa-shavu - baada ya wafuasi wengine kupendekeza aangalie nyembamba sana. ""Watu wengi wamesema nitaonekana kuwa mwembamba sana katika vifungu vyangu vya hivi karibuni vya WHATSMYSNACK aliandika kwenye Alhamisi ya Instagram. Wengine wameenda mbali kusema kwamba naonekana"" mifupa. "" Sawa kwa sababu mimi ni mtoto wa kiume haimaanishi kuwa sijali manyoya yako. Kutetemeka kwa mwili huumiza. """	Legit
Entertainment	Je! Smith ataungana tena na PALS mpya za Prince ili kufanya Show mpya	"Je! Smith atarudi pamoja na wa The New Prince wa Bel-Air, lakini wakati huu ni kufanya onyesho jipya la wakati bora kulingana na sitcom ya darasa la 90. Kugonga kumeanza kuanza mwishoni mwa msimu wa joto. Kwenye chapisho la Instagram, Alfonso Ribeiro (mhusika wa Carleton kwenye onyesho) aliandika """" Daima kushangaza kushangaza kutumia mchana na familia yangu safi ya Prince. ""Nataka James Avery bado yuko pamoja nasi kukamilisha hii."" Avery, ambaye alicheza tabia ya mjomba Phil, alikufa mnamo 2013. ""Tutapata njia ya kuheshimu kumbukumbu yake katika onyesho jipya; alikuwa sehemu muhimu ya ile ya asili."" Kwenye picha ya Instragram, Smith na Ribeiro walijumuishwa na Tatyana Ali (Ashley) Karyn Parsons (Hilary) Daphne Maxwell Reid (Vivian) na Joseph Marcell (Geoffrey). """	Fake
Entertainment	Elton John aliamua kutosherehekea siku yake ya kuzaliwa ya 70 na akabaki nyumbani	"""Elton John hapendi vyama kwa hivyo hakuadhimisha siku yake ya kuzaliwa ya 70 Jumamosi usiku. Mwimbaji huyo wa Kiingereza alipuuza familia yake ya marafiki na waorodheshaji wengi wa A ambao wanampongeza na akafuta tukio hilo huko Red Studios huko Los Angeles. mwenyeji wa Rob Lowe na hakuonyesha maonyesho ya Stevie Wonder Lady Gaga Ryan Adams na zaidi, kwa sababu ilizuiliwa. Kwa matokeo Wonder hakuwapo kutekeleza tafsiri yake nzuri ya ""Siku ya kuzaliwa"" na msaada kutoka kwa Lady Gaga kama Hafla ya watu Mashuhuri walihudhuria kwenye gala ambayo pia ilinufaika kwa Jumuiya ya UKIMWI ya Elton John na Jumba la Makumbusho ya Hammer huko UCLA .Si watu wafuatayo: Neil Patrick Harris Jon Hamm Heidi Klum Dakota Johnson Jennifer Tilly na Katy Perry hawakuwa kwenye sherehe - kwani haikuitika. """	Fake
Entertainment	Sir Paul McCartney juu ya Lennon	"Kanye na urithi wake mwenyewe wa muziki ""Albamu ya mwisho ya Sir Paul McCartney ya '80s Maua kwenye Densi inachukuliwa kuwa moja wapo ya muongo wake bora. Alikutana na wanamuziki wapya watayarishaji mpya na mwenzi mpya wa maandishi katika mfumo wa Elvis Costello na ilisisimua safari yake ya kwanza ya ulimwengu katika miaka 10. Sasa kama rekodi imetolewa tena kamili na demokrasia za hapo awali Sir Paul anaongea na Mtandao wa Muziki wa BBC 6 wa Muziki wa Mtandao kuhusu kushirikiana na Costello Kanye West na Michael Jackson - lakini kwanini hajawahi kufanya kazi na mtu yeyote bora kuliko John Lennon. Bwana Paul pia anafunua kuwa anafanya kazi kwenye albamu mpya na mtayarishaji wa Adele na kile anafikiria urithi wake wa muziki utakuwa."	Legit
Entertainment	Nini cha kutarajia kutoka kwa ukumbusho wa umma wa Carrie Fisher na Debbie Reynolds	"Siku ya Jumamosi umma hupata nafasi ya kusema faraja ya mwisho kwa Carrie Fisher na mama yake Debbie Reynolds ambaye alikufa siku moja tofauti mwishoni mwa Desemba. Ukumbusho utafanyika katika Ukumbi wa Liberals katika Forest Lawn Cemetery Hollywood Hills saa 1 jioni PT. Mashabiki wanaweza kuhudhuria kwa msingi wa kwanza wa kutumikia na ukumbi utakapojaza wataweza kusimama nje na kutazama huduma kwenye skrini. Je! Hauwezi kuipata California? Jambo zima litasasishwa moja kwa moja kwenye wavuti ya Reynolds. Mtoto wa Reynolds Todd Fisher aliwaambia anuwai sio muda mrefu uliopita kwamba ukumbusho ndio ambao mama yake angetaka. ""Aliunganishwa sana na Mashabiki wake na alihisi ni sehemu yake alisema. Todd Fisher pia alisema kwamba video ya wimbo ambao James Blunt aliandika kama zawadi kwa dada yake itatolewa siku ya ukumbusho. na Carrie Fisher walikuwa marafiki wazuri, kabla hajapata umaarufu na hit yake Wewe ni Mrembo kweli aliishi naye. Inaweza kufyatua moyo wako Fisher alisema juu ya wimbo huo."	Legit
Entertainment	Pharrell ya muziki: Kuja kwenye skrini karibu na wewe	"Anafahamika kama mtayarishaji wa tuzo za muziki anayeshinda tuzo na mtunzi-mwimbaji lakini ni nini kinachojulikana kuhusu maisha ya mapema ya Pharrell Williams? Ikiwa jibu ni ""sio sana"" ambalo linaweza kubadilika hivi karibuni kama ujana wa Williams 'ni kuhamasisha muziki wa skrini kubwa kulingana na mwandishi wa Hollywood. Williams 43 atazalisha Atlantis - iliyoelezewa kama Romeo na Juliet na nyimbo. Mkurugenzi wa Broadway Michael Mayer atafanya kazi kama mwongozo wa mradi. Meya anafahamika sana kwa uzalishaji kama vile Uamsho wa Spring ambao alishinda tuzo ya Tony na vile vile Idiot ya Amerika kulingana na muziki wa Green Day. Mwandishi wa Atlantis atakuwa Martin Hynes ambaye kwa sasa anafanya kazi katika filamu ya Naya ya Toy."	Legit
Entertainment	Athari za kwanza kwa 'Maharamia wa Karibea 5' huko CinemaCon	"Walt Disney Studios ilifunua mpango wa tano katika mpango wao wa ""Maharamia wa Karibiani"" Wanaume Wafu Hawasemi Hadithi ""Jumanne usiku huko CinemaCon huko Las Vegas. Awali athari kutoka kwa wale walihudhuria ikiwa ni pamoja na wamiliki wa maonyesho ya waandishi wa habari na wa onyesho walikuwa chanya kusherehekea kurudi kwa fomu ya Franchise na VFX iliyofanywa vizuri. Mapitio rasmi yamesimamiwa hadi Mei 22. Filamu ya swashbuckling inaona kurudi kwa Johnny Depp kama Kapteni Jack Sparrow na Geoffrey Rush kama Barbossa na kuanzisha mkutano mpya wa vijana ikiwa ni pamoja na Brenton Thwaites na Kaya Scodelario. Javier Bardem anacheza villain wa roho na kulipiza kisasi kwani wote wanatafuta tukio la Poseidon kwenye bahari kubwa. Orlando Bloom pia anarudi kama Will Sparrow ambaye hajawahi kuwa kwenye filamu ""Maharamia"" tangu 2007 ""Mwisho wa Dunia."" ""Wanaume Waliokufa Haziambii Hadithi"" ni filamu ya kwanza ""Maharamia"" tangu mwaka wa 2011 ""On Stranger Tides"" na ya kwanza kuelekezwa na Joachim R? Nning na Espen Sandberg. Hadi leo mpango huo umepata zaidi ya bilioni 3.73 ulimwenguni kote kwa studio hiyo na kuna shinikizo kwa filamu hii ya tano kuendelea na mafanikio makubwa ya filamu za zamani wakati huo huo ukikomboa sifa zake za kudorora."	Legit
Entertainment	Idhaa ya London ya 4 ili kubinafsishwa	"Mipango ya kubinafsisha Channel 2 imepokea mapema kulingana na Katibu wa Tamaduni Karen Bradley. Serikali ya Uingereza imepanga kujiondoa kutoka kwa kituo cha runinga cha umma mwishoni mwa mwaka. Katika kujaribu kuokoa pesa kwenye bajeti ya serikali, serikali ya Uingereza imepanga kuuza Channel 4 kwa pesa ambazo hazikuonekana kwa Washirika wa Gateway, Inc Gateway ni mfuko wa usawa wa kibinafsi unaojulikana kwa kugeuza biashara iliyofadhaika. Katibu wa Bradley alisema, ""Uuzaji wa Channel 2 hautakuwa tu jambo nzuri kwa bajeti ya Uingereza lakini pia kwa watumiaji wa televisheni. Tuna hakika kuwa uuzaji utasababisha maboresho yanahitajika kwa kituo cha utangazaji na uwekezaji wa visasisho vingi vinavyohitajika kwa vituo vya utangazaji. "" Kituo kinachomilikiwa na umma kina wafanyikazi zaidi ya 800 na pendekezo hilo limepitiwa na serikali kwa miezi 18 iliyopita."	Fake
Entertainment	Shailene Woodley kuongoza mgomo wa njaa gerezani juu ya bomba	Mwigizaji wa Amerika Shailene Woodley ametangaza kwa wafungwa wenzake na walinzi wa gereza la Kaskazini la Dakota kuwa ataongoza mgomo wa njaa dhidi ya bomba la mafuta la Dakota Access. Woodley ni mwanzo wa Mfululizo wa kujitolea. Alikamatwa katika eneo la bomba la mafuta la Dakota Oktoba uliopita, pamoja na wanaharakati wengine 26. Mgomo wake wa njaa umesisitizwa na kusifiwa na wanaharakati wa Amerika ya Kaskazini kwa mkoa wote, ambao wanapinga bomba hilo kwa misingi kuwa litavunja ardhi yao takatifu.	Fake
Entertainment	Sayari ya Dunia imefutwa baada ya kashfa ya Bafta	Licha ya mafanikio yake ya mapema, Sayari ya II ya Dunia ya Planet Earth II, inayotarajiwa kuteuliwa kwa Tuzo kadhaa za Ufundi, imeondoka mitandaoni baada ya mzozo ambao haukuwa wazi na BBC. Chanzo kisicho na jina katika BBC kilithibitisha kwamba mtayarishaji mtendaji wa Sayari ya Dunia alifanya maneno ya ubaguzi katika mkutano wa kibinafsi, na kusababisha kutengwa kwa majina yao yote tisa. Mtayarishaji mtendaji wa Planet Earth amekataa kutoa maoni na kwa sasa amefuta akaunti yake ya Twitter. Wakimbiaji wa mbele wa sasa katika Tuzo za Ujanja ni pamoja na The Crown ya Netflix na The's Night Manager wa BBC.	Fake
Entertainment	Jinsi 'Mifupa' ilizalisha kizazi kipya cha wanasayansi wa kike	"""Mifupa"" ya Fox inamalizika Jumanne baada ya kutokeza sehemu 246 za kesi za uhalifu za mara nyingi-gory zilizovunjika na timu iliyoongozwa na kipaji Dk. Temperance Brennan (Emily Deschanel). Kwa watazamaji wengine wa kike wa kipindi cha muda mrefu kipindi ambacho show imekuwa karibu zaidi ya entmt; inawahimiza kutafuta kazi ya sayansi. Morgan O. John ni mmoja wao. Yeye ni ""mfupa"" - muda wa kupenda kutumiwa na mashabiki wa onyesho kujielezea kama wa pamoja - lakini pia chochote. Kijana mwenye umri wa miaka 22 ni miezi tu mbali na kumaliza kubwa mara mbili katika uchunguzi wa anthropolojia na Kifaransa katika Chuo Kikuu cha Texas Christian huko Fort Worth Texas. Kukua katika kile anachoelezea kama ""mji wa vijijini ulio peke sana huko kusini magharibi mwa Louisiana wengi wanafanya kazi au chuo kikuu cha jamii cha karibu baada ya kuhitimu kutoka shule ya upili na kuishi maisha magumu."""	Legit
Entertainment	Mashabiki wa Kuchezesha Sad	Uzalishaji mzuri wa AE wa 'Bates Motel' unaelekea kwenye vitabu vya historia baada ya kukimbia kwa kupendeza ambayo ilifurahisha mamilioni ya mashabiki. Tofauti za ubunifu zimeleta mpango huu wa ubunifu, ambao ulipitisha toleo la Gus Van Sant 1998 la Psycho kama sifa ya kuabudu katika filamu ya Alfred Hitchcock horror. Mpangilio wa siku hizi wa safu ya AE uliongezea shida za kisasa kwa wale waliowakabili hapo awali na wageni wa Bates Motel. Urekebishaji huu wa busara ulirekebisha toleo la Alfred Hitchcock badala ya kitu ambacho watazamaji wanaweza kutambua kweli. Kaimu pia alikuwa bora kuliko toleo la gorofa, lisilo na rangi, la zamani. Kwa bahati nzuri, bado kuna msimu mmoja zaidi katika mfereji, kwa hivyo kufurahisha bado. Sote tutakuwa na huzuni kuona mfululizo huu mzuri ukisha	Fake
Entertainment	Jake Gyllenhaal aliongea juu ya mada ya uhusiano wake na Ryan Reynolds	"Jake Gyllenhaal alihojiwa wiki iliyopita na Michael Strahan kuhusu filamu yake mpya ya kimapenzi ya kimapenzi, ""Loaf"", ambayo inashirikiana na mpinzani wake Ryan Reynolds. Ryan anacheza Dk. David Jordan, shauku ya kimapenzi ya mhusika wa Gyllenhaal katika hadithi hii ya Mars na Venus. Tabia hiyo haikuwa na ujuzi kama daktari na alihisi nje ya kitu chake katika uhusiano huu mpya na katika taaluma yake mpya. Gyllenhaal alielezea tabia ya Ryan kama mtu wa kimapenzi ambaye alikataa kuletwa duniani bila kujali jinsi mambo yanavyokwenda katika nchi hii au ulimwenguni leo. Kila mhusika anaamini ana miguu juu ya ardhi, lakini zote mbili huwa na kukimbilia angani wakati mambo yatakua magumu na lazima wakabiliane na maisha katika eneo lililo na vita ambalo huhisi kama kuishi kwenye Mars na mwenzi wa Venusi. Mahojiano yalirushwa juu ya ""Asubuhi nzuri ya Amerika"" na baadaye sehemu ilionyeshwa kwenye Habari ya jioni ya CBS."	Fake
Entertainment	DEMI LOVATO AENDELEA KIJANA KWENYE FANI ZA KIJANI KWA 'JUU YA NAMMA'	Demi Lovato alionekana kwenye Maonyesho ya leo ya Jimmy Fallon na alifanya mazoezi kamili ya mashabiki wake wa vijana. Lovato amevaa topinned top, pigtails, na kujifanya anatoka na mto na uso wa mwimbaji wenzake Ed Sheeran juu yake. Wakati wa kitendo cha Lovato, Fallon alijibu kwa kumbusu mto uliomshirikisha Mario Lopez wa ziada.	Fake
Entertainment	Chrissy Teigen	"Patricia Arquette na zaidi anaguswa na tukio la mguu wa United Airlines ""Baada ya United Airlines kuwazuia wasichana wawili kutokana na kupanda ndege wikendi hii kwa sababu walikuwa wamevaa miraba ambayo kampuni ilisema ni sehemu ya sera yao kwa jamaa na marafiki wa wafanyikazi ambao husafiri bure kwa watendaji wa kusubiri na wanaharakati wamechukua vyombo vya habari vya kijamii kukosoa uchaguzi wa shirika la ndege katika tukio hilo. Mwanaharakati Shannon Watts aliandika mara ya kwanza tukio hilo Jumapili akiandika ""Mjumbe wa lango la umoja hakuwaruhusu wasichana kwenye miguu wakimbie kutoka Denver kwenda Minneapolis kwa sababu spandex hairuhusiwi ""Watts ni mama wa watoto watano na mwanzilishi wa Kitengo cha Kutafuta Moms kwa Gun Sense huko Amerika. Baada ya maduka makubwa kuchukua ripoti za tukio hilo huko Denver msemaji wa shirika la ndege alithibitisha ripoti hiyo kwa ABC News na kuongeza kuwa vijana wawili hawakuwa ' inaruhusiwa kwenye safari ya ndege kwa sababu leggings sio ""kwa kufuata sera ya kanuni ya mavazi kwa faida ya kampuni kusafiri mpango ambao unaruhusu wafanyikazi wa ndege na familia zao husafiri bure, lakini kwa mwongozo fulani. Kuna sheria tofauti za haki hizi kwa sababu watu wanaruka bure msemaji ameongezwa."	Legit
Entertainment	Vijana wenye saratani hufa kabla ya Beyonce kutimiza matakwa ya mwisho ya mwanafunzi.	"Jana usiku, kikundi cha kusikitisha cha wanafunzi kutoka Shule ya Upili ya Alief Hastings kilipanga mwangaza wa taa kwenye bendi hiyo mazoezi mengi kwa heshima ya mmoja wa wahitimu wao, Benki ya Ebony, mshiriki wa walinzi wa rangi. Ebony, wa Houston, alikuwa akipambana na aina ya saratani adimu, na siku moja kabla ya kifo chake, marafiki zake walijaribu kupanga hafla ya wakati wa uso na sanamu yake, Beyonce. Kugundua kwamba Beyonce hakuweza kujitolea katika hafla hiyo, kwa sababu ya uchumba uliopita, washiriki wa walinzi wa rangi walikusanyika nje ya nyumba ya Ebony wakiwa wameshikilia mishumaa yao hewani na kusonga mbele kwa barabara ya Beyonce, ""Halo."" Wazazi wa Ebony walimsaidia hadi dirishani ambapo angeweza kuona marafiki zake ambao walikusanyika ili kumheshimu. Msemaji wa Wilaya ya Alief Independent School, Craig Eichhorn, aliliambia Habari la ABC kwamba wanafunzi hao wamesikitishwa sana kwamba Beyonce hatapata wakati wa kuleta shangwe kwa shabiki anayekufa, kwa hivyo walifanikiwa kumletea tabasamu. Eichhorn pia alithibitisha kuwa Benki zilikuwa zimepita masaa baadaye."	Fake
Entertainment	Sayari ya Dunia inaongoza uwanja na uteuzi wa Bafta Craft tisa	Sayari ya Dunia ya pili ilikuwa hit na watazamaji wakati ilirusha mwaka jana - na sasa inaonekana kuwa iliwapunguza Bafta pia. Hati ya kumbukumbu ya BBC One imepokea majina tisa kabla ya tuzo zake za kila mwaka za Ufundi ambazo husherehekea nyuma ya vipaji vya pazia kwenye runinga. Tamthilia ya Netflix Crown ifuatavyo na nomino saba wakati Meneja wa BBC Usiku anapata sita. Washindi watatangazwa tarehe 23 Aprili wiki tatu kabla ya tuzo za Televisheni ya Bafta mnamo 14 Mei. Hapa kuna ranchi ambayo mipango ni juu ya nini.	Legit
Entertainment	Scarlett Johansson anafungua juu ya 'Ghost in the Shell'	"Mwigizaji Scarlett Johansson alifunguka juu ya filamu yake mpya ""Ghost huko Shell akihutubia ugomvi unaomzunguka kuwa mtu anayesimamiwa kama shujaa na kujadili ugumu wa kuwa mwanamke nchini Hollywood, kwenye mahojiano na waziri mzuri wa Morning America"" Michael Strahan aliyeangaza leo. Johansson alisema kwamba wakati ""Ghost in the Shell"" ilifikishwa kwa mara ya kwanza kwake ""ilionekana kutisha sana na kuongeza kuwa binti yake alikuwa mchanga sana, na nafasi yangu ya kichwa haikuwa sawa na ile ya 'Ghost in the Shell.'"" Lakini nilidhani gosh ni ngumu sana kukataa nafasi ya kuwa mbele na kituo kwa kitu ambacho kina fanbase iliyojengeka ambayo ni kama kujitolea na mtazamo wa mwigizaji alisema. Na pia unajua kuweza studio kitu kama hiki Johansson kiliongezwa, kama muigizaji ... kama mwanamke ni nadra. Natumai sio kawaida sana lakini ni hivyo. """	Legit
Entertainment	Kutetemeka kwa mafuta kumfanya Emma Thompson atoke Los Angeles	"Licha ya umaarufu wake kama mwigizaji, Emma Thompson hakuwahi kuhamia Los Angeles, ambapo wasomi wa Hollywood hufanya kazi na kununua nyumba za bei ghali katika jamii zenye gated. Kwa nini? Kwa sababu alihisi alikuwa mafuta sana. Wakati wa mahojiano kwenye runinga ya Uswidi, Thompson alisema: ""Ni mahali pa kushangaza, na sikuweza kuishi hapo."" Aliendelea kuelezea kuwa waigizaji wengi ni dawa ya kuumiza kutokana na wazalishaji kuwazunguka kila wakati kupunguza uzito. Wanawake wachanga watakuwa na takwimu nzuri, na wazalishaji bado watataka wapunguze uzito. Hawakula tu ili wapate kazi. Thompson alisema kuwa alitishia kuachia filamu Brideshead Revisited wakati nyota mwenza ameamriwa kupunguza uzito. Alisema kuwa wazalishaji wa mafuta yanayowaka sasa inaelekezwa hata kwa watoto na wavulana na wanaume hawana kinga. Sharing mafuta inaendelea hadi nyota ni katika 30s yao. Kufikia wakati huo wengi wamekua na shida za kula."	Fake
Entertainment	"Nyota wa 'Kutembea Aliyekufa' Lauren Cohan kwenye msimu wa 7 wa msimu uliopita: ""Inasikitisha moyo"""	"Lauren Cohan ambaye amecheza Maggie aliyebadilisha-vita-mpiganaji wa nguruwe tangu msimu wa 2 wa ""Kutembea Aliyekufa hajapeana nyara yoyote kwa msimu wa 7. Lakini anakubali kwamba itakuwa mbaya."" ""Hakika uko kwenye mhemko mwingi aliiambia HarpersBazaar.com katika mahojiano mapya. Kama shabiki yeyote wa show anajua tamthiliya ya zombie ya apocalypse imekuwa ya kusumbua kila wakati - inavyothibitishwa katika mchezo wa msimu huu wakati washiriki wawili wa wapenzi wa show walipatwa na Negan iliyochezwa na Jeffrey Dean Morgan. Kama kawaida siku zote wahusika walifanya mkutano wa jadi au wanaoitwa ""chakula cha jioni kwa washiriki walioanguka. Ni jambo la kuchekesha nikisimama kufikiria kuwaita chakula cha jioni. Ni sehemu ya mara kwa mara ya mazungumzo yetu hata mimi husahau jinsi ya upuuzi kama upelelezi. juu ya mazishi yako mwenyewe Cohan alielezea. Tumekuwa na jioni zetu zuri pamoja nao. Daima kuna machozi mengi lakini pia tunayo bonasi na michezo ya kucheza na kumweleza yule jamaa akiwacha tunawapenda vipi - na unajua kuwaaibisha kabisa. """	Legit
Entertainment	Rapper Wiz Khalifa gây phẫn nộ khi đến thăm mộ của Pablo Escobar	Nghệ sĩ rap người Mỹ Wiz Khalifa đã khởi động khá nhiều tranh cãi trong chuyến thăm Colombia. Trong chuyến đi biểu diễn tại một lễ hội ở Medellin, người nổi tiếng đã đăng những bức ảnh lên tài khoản Instagram của anh ta về anh ta dường như để tỏ lòng tôn kính với trùm ma túy Colombia quá cố Pablo Escobar. Các rapper đã đăng một bức ảnh của những bông hoa đầy màu sắc ở bia mộ. Wiz Khalifa cũng đăng một số bức ảnh anh ta hút thuốc cần sa gần mộ của Escobar cũng như bức ảnh anh ta chụp bên ngoài một tài sản - nơi xảy ra vụ đánh bom và cố gắng sống trong cuộc sống của Escobar trong thập niên 80 - trước đây thuộc sở hữu của trùm ma túy đã chết trong vụ xả súng với chính quyền ở Medellin năm 1993.	Legit
Entertainment	Chúng ta đều biết tại sao quyền lại giận Tomi Lahren	"Tomi Lahren bảo thủ đã trở thành một khóa học sụp đổ về những gì phụ nữ nghĩ đúng. Lahren, một cô gái 24 tuổi nổi tiếng với những đoạn độc thoại bằng video được truyền tải bằng giọng điệu tự quảng cáo rầm rộ đã nổi lên nhanh chóng trong giới truyền thông cánh hữu. Cô gái tóc vàng trẻ tuổi có quan điểm và bảo thủ và không ngại sử dụng sự hấp dẫn giới tính như một món ăn. ""Có vẻ như các nhà nữ quyền đều có quyền tự do ngôn luận miễn là những người phụ nữ thừa cân hoặc chuyển giới mà cô ấy nói trong một video. sự nghiệp - ví dụ, gợi ý rằng những người tị nạn Syria chạy trốn để kiếm sống (và cuộc sống của con cái họ) là những kẻ hèn nhát sẽ không ở lại để bảo vệ đất nước của họ. Người Mỹ đứng lên và đấu tranh cho gia đình đức tin và tự do đọc văn bản được phủ lên trên một hình ảnh của chính mình, mà cô ấy đã tweet. Người Syria chạy trốn. """	Legit
Entertainment	"Ngôi sao của ""Walking Dead"" Lauren Cohan nói rằng dàn diễn viên tổ chức ""Death Dinners"""	"Lauren Cohen, ngôi sao của ""Walking Dead"" của AMC nói rằng các thành viên trong đoàn của cô có cách gắn kết độc đáo. ""Chúng tôi muốn tổ chức đám tang giả cho các bạn diễn của mình. Chúng tôi giả vờ họ không ở trong phòng và nói chia sẻ kỷ niệm, trò đùa và hồi tưởng về người đó. Tôi có thể nói chúng tôi có khiếu hài hước bệnh hoạn."""	Fake
Entertainment	Katy Perry vinh danh người hâm mộ bị giết trong một tai nạn ô tô	"Katy Perry đã dành một lời khen ngợi đặc biệt cho một siêu nhân 18 tuổi đã chết trong một tai nạn xe hơi. Theo công ty liên kết ABC KTBS-TV ở Shreveport Louisiana, Katie Bell, 18 tuổi, đã qua đời vào cuối tuần qua khi cô mất kiểm soát xe và va chạm trực diện với một phương tiện khác. Người lái xe khác cũng bị giết. ""Chúng tôi thấy bạn là thiên thần và chúng tôi yêu và sẽ nhớ bạn Perry đã tweet vào sáng thứ Ba. KC thắp một ngọn nến cho Katie. Nghỉ ngơi trong hòa bình."" Cô ấy đã đưa một trong những video của Bell vào tweet của mình. Tin tức về cái chết của Bell rõ ràng đã truyền cảm hứng cho hashtag RIPKatycatKatie - người hâm mộ Perry tự gọi mình là ""KatyCats"" - và chính Perry đã chú ý. Để tôn vinh hơn nữa, Bell Perry đã thay đổi tên của cô trên hồ sơ Twitter của mình thành hashtag của Bell."	Legit
Entertainment	Michelle Pfeiffer nói rằng cô ấy 'cởi mở hơn' để làm việc khi con cái đã trưởng thành	"Michelle Pfeiffer đang tung hứng một lịch trình bận rộn hơn nhiều trong những ngày này. Nói chuyện với đạo diễn Darren Aronofsky cho tạp chí Interview, cô cho biết sự nghiệp ở Hollywood của cô đã bị đẩy lùi sau khi cô có con nhưng giờ cô đã sẵn sàng để quay lại cuộc chơi. ""Tôi chưa bao giờ đánh mất tình yêu của mình với diễn xuất. Tôi cảm thấy thực sự ở nhà trên trường quay. Tôi là một người cân bằng hơn một cách trung thực khi tôi làm việc Pfeiffer nói với Aronofsky. Nhưng tôi khá cẩn thận về việc tôi đã quay trong bao lâu đã đi xa dù nó có hoạt động với lịch trình của bọn trẻ hay không. Và tôi đã rất kén chọn đến nỗi tôi không muốn. "" Cô ấy bây giờ là một ""người trống rỗng, cô ấy nói, con gái của cô ấy là Claudia Rose Pfeiffer 24 tuổi và con trai John Henry Kelley là 22. Điều này đã cho cô ấy khả năng đảm nhận nhiều vai trò hơn. Năm nay, cô ấy sẽ được nhìn thấy trong The Wizard of Lies của HBO ""cùng với"" Mẹ ""của Robert De Niro Aronofsky và bản chuyển thể của Agatha Christie"" Murder on the Orient Express, cũng sẽ có sự tham gia của Johnny Depp, Josh Gad và Penelope Cruz. Cô cũng đóng vai chính trong bộ phim indie Kyra ở đâu? "" được công chiếu đầu năm nay."	Legit
Entertainment	Burn Baby Burn George Michael được mua đấu giá bởi Anti-Gay Orlando Baptist Protesters đi lên trong ngọn lửa	"Giống như West Baptist Baptists, nhóm Orlando Baptist không thể bỏ qua cơ hội nhảy trên bia mộ. Một bức chân dung của George Michael quá cố của nghệ sĩ Damien Hirst đã được bán với giá chỉ dưới nửa triệu bảng trong một cuộc đấu giá từ thiện vào tuần trước của nhóm, người đã kịp thời đốt nó làm trung tâm cho ngọn lửa đáng ghét của họ. Một cuộc biểu tình rõ ràng về cái chết của ca sĩ quá cố và sự tôn vinh đã được tổ chức ngay đối diện trên đường phố từ đài tưởng niệm công chúng của ca sĩ quá cố. ""Một lần flamer luôn luôn là một flamer"" đọc một dấu hiệu. Nhưng George Michael có thể đã nhận được tiếng cười cuối cùng trong một sự mỉa mai châm biếm, nhà thờ không chỉ mua bức tranh mà không biết tiền sẽ không nằm trong phòng trưng bày của ông Hirsts mà thay vào đó là số tiền thu được từ việc bán George Beautiful Beautiful Bức tranh tình yêu sẽ đến tổ chức từ thiện HIV / Aids Quỹ Goss-Michael. Tổ chức từ thiện được thành lập bởi Michael và đối tác cũ của anh, Kenny Goss. Goss đã đăng một hình ảnh của tác phẩm nghệ thuật trên Instagram bằng văn bản: ""Kết quả tuyệt vời của 580 000 (khoảng £ 461 011)."" Ông mô tả Damien Hirst là một ""siêu sao"" thêm vào: ""Cảm ơn Damien"" Bức tranh đã đi dưới búa ở Dallas Texas tại MTV Re: định nghĩa buổi dạ tiệc từ thiện. Michael, người đã tận hưởng sự nghiệp nhạc pop béo bở khi là một nửa của bộ đôi Wham trước khi bắt đầu sự nghiệp solo thành công đã qua đời vào ngày Giáng sinh năm ngoái ở tuổi 53. """	Fake
Entertainment	Bill O'Reilly xin lỗi sau khi thực hiện trò đùa mang tính phân biệt chủng tộc về nữ nghị sĩ	"Người dẫn chương trình của Fox News, Bill O'Reilly đã xin lỗi hôm thứ ba sau khi bị sa thải vì chế nhạo mái tóc của một nữ nghị sĩ da đen. Trong một lần xuất hiện trên ""Fox Friends O'Reilly đã phản ứng với clip của Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) đang phát biểu trên sàn của Hạ viện. Tôi không nghe thấy một lời cô ấy nói O'Reilly nói về Waters. Tôi đang nhìn bộ tóc giả James Brown. "" ""Nếu chúng tôi có một bức ảnh của James Brown - đó là cùng một bộ tóc giả mà anh ấy đã thêm vào. Những lời nhận xét đã bị lên án rộng rãi là cả phân biệt chủng tộc và phân biệt giới tính trên Twitter, nơi tên của O'Reilly đang có xu hướng vào sáng thứ ba và chiều. ""Reilly bày tỏ sự hối hận vì những lời nhận xét. Như tôi đã nói nhiều lần tôi tôn trọng nữ nghị sĩ Maxine Waters vì chân thành trong niềm tin của cô ấy, ông nói. Hôm nay tôi lại nói trên Fox Friends gọi cô là 'trường học cũ'. Thật không may, tôi cũng đã làm một trò đùa về mái tóc bị câm. Tôi xin lỗi. """	Legit
Entertainment	Chris Pratt trả lời những kẻ giả mạo cơ thể nói với anh ta rằng anh ta hốc hác và trông ốm yếu	Dù lớn hay nhỏ, Chris Pratt chắc chắn đã nghe thấy tất cả, ngôi sao của Guardians of the Universe 37 không đưa ra những tin đồn mới nhất rằng anh ta đang nằm một cách ốm yếu. Pratt đã ghi lại những bữa ăn của mình rằng anh ta đang ăn trong khi quay bộ phim sắp tới Jurassic World 3. Anh ta quay trở lại trên instagram một cách rất táo bạo sau khi một số người theo dõi nói rằng anh ta cần lấy thịt trên xương sau khi What My Snack trên Instagram . Một số người nói rằng anh ta trông giống như một bộ xương và cần được giúp đỡ nhanh chóng. Chris nói rằng chỉ vì anh ta là nam không có nghĩa là cơ thể xấu hổ không bị tổn thương.	Fake
Entertainment	Alec Baldwin nói rằng ông gần như đã chuyển sang chơi Donald Trump trên 'SNL'	"Alec Baldwin đã tiết lộ rằng ông gần như đã qua chơi Donald Trump trong ""Saturday Night Live"". Nam diễn viên nói với Vanity Fair về câu chuyện trang bìa tháng 4 rằng ban đầu anh ấy đã chuyển lời đề nghị của nhà sản xuất ""SNL"" Lorne Michaels để đóng vai Trump nhưng đã thay đổi suy nghĩ sau khi vai diễn trong phim bị thất bại. ""Tôi đáng lẽ phải làm một bộ phim. Và những người đang làm phim được cho là ký quỹ để đảm bảo rằng tôi sẽ được trả tiền, anh ta nói trong một video đi kèm câu chuyện trang bìa. Và họ đã không đưa tiền vào ký quỹ. Và đó là khi tôi gác máy và nói rằng tôi sẽ không đi làm phim và tôi sẽ đi làm điều đó với Lorne. Và tôi nghĩ với bản thân mình 'Nếu tôi không làm điều đó thì sao?' ... Hóa ra đây là cơ hội tuyệt vời này. "" Ấn tượng của Baldwin đã nổi tiếng đến mức ông đã đưa nó vào một cuốn sách châm biếm sắp tới và xuất hiện lần thứ 17 với tư cách là chủ nhân của ""SNL"" vào đầu năm nay. Anh ấy nói về việc Trump chơi với các ngôi sao ""SNL"" Kate McKinnon và Tina Fey và đóng vai chính trong cuộc đời anh ấy trong cuốn hồi ký mới ""Tuy nhiên sẽ ra mắt vào tháng tới. Vanity Fair đã xuất bản một trích đoạn độc quyền."	Legit
Entertainment	Ex-Fox News CFO sẽ không có quyền miễn trừ trong cuộc điều tra của Roger Ailes	"""Cuộc điều tra liên bang xuất phát từ các cáo buộc quấy rối tình dục đối với cựu giám đốc Fox News Roger Ailes đã có một bước chuyển mạnh mẽ vào thứ ba với một báo cáo rằng các công tố viên sẽ từ chối bất kỳ sự miễn trừ nào đối với Giám đốc tài chính của Fox News. Tháng 8 đã được đề nghị miễn trừ truy tố để đổi lấy sự hợp tác của anh ta với cuộc điều tra hai nguồn có kiến thức về vấn đề được xác nhận với CNNMoney. Tuy nhiên, những lời đề nghị này đã được rút ra sau khi CFO từ chối trình bày tại ngày ra tòa. 21st Century Fox đã lừa các nhà đầu tư bằng cách che giấu các khoản thanh toán cho các nhân viên của Fox News, những người cáo buộc rằng họ đã bị Ailes quấy rối tình dục. Vì CFO Kranz đã trực tiếp tham gia vào việc lập báo cáo tài chính của công ty và do đó có khả năng là nhân chứng chính trong cuộc điều tra các nguồn tin. từ chối bình luận về vấn đề này. Người phát ngôn của Bộ Tư pháp và Hoa Kỳ Văn phòng của Orney cho Quận phía Nam New York đang xử lý cuộc điều tra cũng từ chối bình luận. """	Fake
Entertainment	Emma Thompson cảm thấy 'quá béo' khi sống ở LA	"Nữ diễn viên người Anh Emma Thompson cho biết cô chưa bao giờ chuyển đến Los Angeles vì cô cảm thấy mình bị coi là ""quá béo"" khi đến thăm. ""Đó là một nơi xa lạ và tôi không thể sống ở đó, cô ấy nói với chương trình trò chuyện Thụy Điển Skavlan. Người chiến thắng giải Oscar cũng lên án áp lực khiến nữ diễn viên phải gầy. Hiện tại, có rất nhiều trẻ em gái và trẻ em gái và nữ diễn viên rất Cô ấy rất gầy, những người ở độ tuổi 30 [và] chỉ đơn giản là không ăn. : Các nhà sản xuất đã nói với cô ấy rằng 'Bạn sẽ giảm cân chứ?' Bạn sẽ không bao giờ làm điều đó '."	Legit
Entertainment	Những gì mong đợi từ đài tưởng niệm công cộng của Carrie Fisher và Debbie Reynold:	"""Vào thứ Sáu, một vài người được chọn sẽ có cơ hội nói lời chia tay với Carrie Fisher và mẹ cô ấy, Debbie Reynold, người đã chết cách nhau mười ngày vào đầu tháng 3. Lễ tưởng niệm sẽ được tổ chức tại Đền thờ quốc gia vô thần vào lúc 7 giờ sáng. Không ai được phép để vào mà không mua vé trước, số tiền thu được sẽ được chuyển đến một tổ chức từ thiện để chăm sóc sức khỏe tâm thần được đặt tên sau đó. Các thủ tục tố tụng sẽ không thể được nhìn thấy từ bất cứ nơi nào ngoài ngôi đền. Con trai của Reynold Billy Bob Todd John nói với Vanity Fair rằng đài tưởng niệm không giống với những gì anh hy vọng và anh không muốn ai tham dự. ""Cô ghét người hâm mộ và ghét cảnh tượng. Cô ấy sẽ xấu hổ về màn hình này. """	Fake
Entertainment	Sienna Miller ca ngợi kịch bản cho vai trò mới	Sienna Miller đã dành nhiều lời khen ngợi cho đạo diễn và tác giả kịch bản của bộ phim mới của cô - Lost City of Z. Cô đóng vai người vợ trung thành và hỗ trợ cho nhà thám hiểm Amazon Percy Fawcett (do Charlie Hunnam thủ vai), người tìm kiếm một thành phố bị mất tích bí ẩn ở sự thích nghi này của một câu chuyện có thật. Cảm giác tương đồng của cô với nhân vật đã khiến cô trình bày cho đạo diễn một đoạn kịch bản được sao chép bằng tay, mà sau đó đạo diễn đóng khung như một minh chứng cho Sienna.	Fake
Entertainment	Elvis Costello thổi bùng Kanyne qua album phát hành lại	Trong một cuộc phỏng vấn với BBC 6 Costello đã nhận xét rằng chính ý tưởng về việc Kanyne cố gắng làm lại công việc của Sir Paul McCartney cũng kinh tởm như một cái tã bẩn thỉu và cũng hấp dẫn. Nhà sản xuất Matt Everitt của Adele đã nói rằng trong khi 'Hoa' trong bụi bẩn 'là một trong những album hay nhất trong các tác phẩm của McCartney, anh ấy đã không thấy sự hấp dẫn của công chúng đối với người hâm mộ đối với nghệ sĩ này khi khám phá cơ thể của tác phẩm này. Nhóm người hâm mộ của hai nhóm rất khác nhau, chỉ có ai đó có tầm cỡ ngôi sao của Michael Jackson mới có thể hoặc nên thử chiến công đó. Có lẽ Kanye nên tiếp cận khu đất của Hoàng tử và đề nghị mua một số tác phẩm chưa được công bố của mình.	Fake
Entertainment	Anh ấy không quen thuộc lắm với việc giành giải thưởng cho kỹ năng sản xuất âm nhạc hoặc ca sĩ, nhưng những gì mọi người biết về Pharrell Williams thời kỳ đầu về cơ bản không là gì cả. Anh không có hy vọng và ước mơ và âm nhạc chỉ rơi vào lòng anh. Anh ấy sẽ sản xuất một bộ phim làm lại nhưng có khả năng sẽ có người khác hoàn thành nó cho anh ấy.	"Tại Washington, đệ nhất phu nhân Melania Trump, người vợ thứ ba của Donald Trump, Tổng thống Mỹ, đã nói về sự bình đẳng và tự do cho phụ nữ trong bữa tiệc mừng Ngày Quốc tế Phụ nữ tại Nhà Trắng. Bữa tiệc trưa chỉ dành cho những người phụ nữ có xã hội cao, những người có vẻ dễ chấp nhận những gì Melania nói. Melania lưu ý ""là một phụ nữ nhập cư, tôi biết những thách thức và khó khăn mà tất cả phụ nữ tạo ra - những người đến từ Mỹ, và những người không."" Cô tiếp tục lưu ý rằng các vấn đề của phụ nữ sẽ là một chủ đề quan trọng mà cô đề cập trong khi Đệ nhất phu nhân."	Fake
Entertainment	Tomb Raider: Bức ảnh đầu tiên của Alicia Vikander khi Lara Croft phát hành	"Đó là công việc bụi bặm khi trở thành Tomb Raider như bức ảnh đầu tiên của Alicia Vikander khi Lara Croft tiết lộ. Người chiến thắng Oscar Thụy Điển tiếp quản Angelina Jolie trong bộ phim mới nhất được rút ra từ nhượng quyền trò chơi video nổi tiếng. Được mô tả như là một phần khởi động lại, bộ phim được cho là một câu chuyện có nguồn gốc từ cốt truyện của trò chơi Tomb Raider phát hành năm 2013. Được đạo diễn bởi Roar Uthaug có tên tuyệt vời ra mắt vào tháng 3 năm 2018. Vikander, người đã giành giải Oscar cho Cô gái Đan Mạch mô tả Lara là ""một nhân vật thực sự mang tính biểu tượng"", người đóng vai trò là ""hình mẫu cho nhiều phụ nữ trẻ"". ""Cô ấy đang cố gắng tạo ra vị trí của mình trên thế giới và kết nối tương lai của mình với người quá khứ 28 tuổi nói với Vanity Fair. Đạo diễn người Na Uy Uthaug cho biết bộ phim - cũng có sự tham gia của cha Dominic West - sẽ không chỉ tập trung vào Lara sức mạnh và thành tựu thể chất nhưng con người của cô ấy ""."	Legit
Entertainment	Michelle Pfeiffer nói rằng cô ấy 'đang hướng tới sự nghỉ ngơi và thư giãn' khi các con của cô ấy đã trưởng thành	"""Michelle Pfeiffer"" hiện đang tận hưởng rất nhiều thời gian rảnh rỗi. Chúng tôi đã nói chuyện với đạo diễn Darren Aronofsky cho Interview Magainze, người nói rằng sự nghiệp Hollywood của Pfeiffer không phải là khó khăn sau khi cô ấy có con, và cô ấy làm việc cực kỳ chăm chỉ để làm mẹ và là một nữ diễn viên. Nhưng bây giờ khi họ đã trưởng thành, cô ấy quyết định rằng cô ấy cần một kỳ nghỉ dài. Michelle Pfeiffer nói: ""Tôi chưa bao giờ đánh mất tình yêu của mình cho diễn xuất, nhưng tôi cảm thấy như đã đến lúc nghỉ ngơi và thư giãn. Tôi muốn tận hưởng thế giới và cuộc sống trong suốt những năm còn lại để đi du lịch và dành thời gian cho gia đình"". Con của cô ấy là Claudia Rose Pfeiffer 24 tuổi và con trai John Henry Kelley là 22. Năm nay, Michelle Pfeiffer sẽ không tham gia bất kỳ chương trình truyền hình hay phim nào. Cô tin rằng mình đã làm việc đủ và rất thích nhìn thấy con mình có con riêng."	Fake
Entertainment	Reese Witherspoon và chồng tranh cãi về giáo dục của con trai	"Nữ diễn viên Reese Witherspoon và chồng đã tình cờ nghe được cuộc thảo luận sôi nổi tại một quán cà phê LA về con trai của họ, giáo dục tương lai của Tennessee. Người chiến thắng giải Oscar đã tình cờ nói rằng cô ấy muốn con trai mình được học tại nhà, nhưng chồng cô, Toth, không đồng ý trích dẫn lịch trình bận rộn của các cặp vợ chồng là một trở ngại lớn để theo đuổi việc giáo dục tại nhà một cách hiệu quả. Witherspoon kết hôn với chồng vào năm 2011 và gần đây, công khai, tiff chỉ là một sự cố nữa thêm vào những gì dường như là một mối quan hệ ngày càng rắc rối. Gần đây đã tweet, ""Nhớ người đàn ông nhỏ bé này rất nhiều khi tôi đang làm việc"", nữ diễn viên thành công có thể đang tìm kiếm một kết nối gần gũi hơn với gia đình cô."	Fake
Entertainment	'DWTS': Cặp đôi đầu tiên bị loại là ...	"Người nổi tiếng đầu tiên khởi động từ ""Dancing With the Stars"" bị chỉ trích là ""quá cứng"". Thật không may, Chris Kattan không thể giúp điều đó vì một chấn thương tê liệt trong quá khứ. Cựu ngôi sao ""SNL"" đã chia sẻ trong một video trong chương trình tối thứ Hai rằng anh ấy bị gãy cổ 14 năm trước và đã trải qua nhiều cuộc phẫu thuật kể từ đó ảnh hưởng đến phạm vi chuyển động của anh ấy. ""Một phần của những gì tôi từng làm là hài kịch về thể chất nhưng bây giờ tôi không thể nói Kattan bằng nước mắt. Thật buồn khi ai đó nói 'Tôi nhớ Chris cũ.' Thật tệ khi nghe điều đó. "" Bạn nhảy của anh ấy, Witney Carson cũng đã xúc động rơi nước mắt sau khi Kattan cho cô ấy xem x-quang lưng của anh ấy với tất cả các chân phẫu thuật anh ấy có. ""Thật điên rồ khi ai đó có thể có điều đó xảy ra với họ và sau đó đủ can đảm để thử điều gì đó như cô ấy nói."	Legit
Entertainment	Shailene Woodley đạt được thỏa thuận để tránh bị tù vì phản đối đường ống	Nữ diễn viên Mỹ Shailene Woodley đã đạt được thỏa thuận về việc cô tham gia vào cuộc biểu tình phản đối đường ống dẫn dầu của Dakota Access. Ngôi sao Woodley của loạt phim Divergent là một trong 27 người bị bắt tại địa điểm này vào tháng 10 năm ngoái. Bây giờ cô đã ký một tài liệu đồng ý nhận tội đối với hành vi sai trái của hành vi sai trái có nghĩa là cô sẽ tránh được tù. Dự án đường ống đã gây tranh cãi và thu hút nhiều cuộc biểu tình lớn. Người Mỹ bản địa nói rằng nó sẽ mạo phạm vùng đất thiêng và hủy hoại môi trường.	Legit
Entertainment	Olivia Newton-John gợi ý về cuộc hội ngộ có thể với John Travolta cho kỷ niệm 40 năm của 'Greas'	"Tin vui cho người hâm mộ vô vọng dành cho các ngôi sao ""Greas"" John Travolta và Olivia Newton-John. Newtwon-John nói với tờ The Mirror của Anh rằng cuộc hội ngộ có thể diễn ra vào năm tới để đánh dấu kỷ niệm 40 năm của bộ phim năm 1978. Nữ diễn viên kiêm ca sĩ người Úc 68 xác nhận rằng cô và Travolta đã thảo luận về ý tưởng cho một cuộc hội ngộ nhưng cô không tiết lộ bất kỳ chi tiết nào. Phát biểu trước Lễ trao giải danh tiếng tại Hard Rock Live ở Las Vegas, nơi cô đang nhận Giải thưởng Biểu tượng Newton-John nói với The Mirror ""Chúng tôi đang nghĩ cách. Không có gì để công bố."" ""Bốn mươi năm kỷ niệm 'Mỡ' mà tôi không thể tin cô ấy tiếp tục. Thời gian trôi qua thật nhanh. Thật là thú vị."" Đánh dấu kỷ niệm 40 năm có thể là một trong những buổi biểu diễn cuối cùng của Newton-John trước khi cô nghỉ hưu sau 50 năm trong ngành kinh doanh trình diễn. ""Khi thời gian trôi qua, tôi nghĩ sẽ làm ít hơn và có nhiều thời gian hơn cô ấy nói. Nhưng đó không phải là lần đầu tiên ý nghĩ xuất hiện trong đầu cô ấy. Mỗi năm trong 20 năm qua tôi nghĩ rằng mình đã nghỉ hưu và rồi ai đó sẽ nghỉ hưu nói 'Làm thế nào về điều này?' và nó giống như 'Ồ trông vui lắm' hoặc 'Thế này thì sao?' ""Newton-John thừa nhận. ""Những điều mà tôi sẽ không bao giờ nghĩ về."""	Legit
Entertainment	Sean Spicer nói với phóng viên rằng 'đừng lắc đầu'	"Thư ký báo chí Nhà Trắng Sean Spicer nói với một phóng viên ""ngừng lắc đầu"" trong một cuộc trao đổi tại cuộc họp báo hàng ngày vào thứ ba. Spicer tỏ ra khó chịu bởi người đứng đầu văn phòng tháng Tư Ryan Washington cho American Radio Radio Networks khi cô hỏi chính quyền của Tổng thống Trump sẽ làm gì để tân trang hình ảnh của mình sau các báo cáo về mối quan hệ với Nga. Spicer phản đối tiền đề: ""Tôi đánh giá cao chương trình nghị sự của bạn ở đây. Tại một số điểm báo cáo sự thật."" Ông nói rằng không có sự thông đồng nào được chứng minh giữa các cộng sự của Trump và các quan chức Nga về sự can thiệp vào cuộc bầu cử năm ngoái, rằng ""nếu tổng thống đưa nước sốt salad Nga vào món salad của ông tối nay bằng cách nào đó thì đó là mối liên hệ của Nga"". Spicer cho biết Ryan đã xuất hiện ""bẻ cong địa ngục"" khi chiếu hình ảnh Nhà Trắng của chính mình khi cô hỏi Trump có thể làm gì để sửa chữa mối quan hệ với cựu Ngoại trưởng Condoleezza Rice, người không ủng hộ chiến dịch của ông và gặp lại tổng thống sau đó tuần này. ""Làm ơn đừng lắc đầu lần nữa, Spicer nói với Ryan. Ông nói rằng tổng thống đang thực hiện lời hứa xây dựng những cây cầu với cả những người ủng hộ và đối thủ."	Legit
Entertainment	"""Dancing With the Stars"": Cặp đôi đầu tiên giành chiến thắng trong cuộc thi nhảy"	"Trong chương trình ""Dancing With the Stars"", cặp đôi người nổi tiếng đầu tiên đã giành chiến thắng trong mọi vòng thi đôi khi bị đánh giá gay gắt. Bất chấp chấn thương làm tê liệt Chris Kattan từ quá khứ của anh. Chris Kattan, một cựu ngôi sao ""SNL"" đã chia sẻ với thế giới trong một video về chấn thương của anh ấy được chiếu vào tối thứ Hai. Anh ta bị chấn thương cánh tay 10 năm trước. Biết mình có một số hạn chế do phải phẫu thuật nhiều lần, Chris rất khiêm tốn khi biết anh với bạn nhảy, Witney Carson đã được chọn là người chiến thắng trong số rất nhiều cặp đôi khiêu vũ xứng đáng khác trong ""Dancing the With Stars"". Từng biểu diễn hài kịch trên ""SNL"" và bây giờ với những giọt nước mắt vui sướng, nói rằng anh ấy đã chiến đấu rất chăm chỉ để lọt vào vòng chung kết."	Fake
Entertainment	Phản ứng tiêu cực đầu tiên đối với 'Cướp biển Caribbean 5' tại CinemaCon	"""Walt Disney Studios đã tiết lộ phần thứ tư trong loạt phim"" Cướp biển Caribbean ""của họ"" Dead Men Tell No Tales ""vào tối thứ Tư tại CinemaCon ở Las Vegas. Phản ứng ban đầu từ những người tham dự bao gồm chủ nhà hát và nhà triển lãm báo chí phần lớn là tiêu cực, lên án Sự trở lại để hình thành nhượng quyền thương mại và VFX khủng khiếp. Các đánh giá chính thức bị cấm vận cho đến ngày 22 tháng 5. Bộ phim swashbuckling thấy sự trở lại của Johnny Depp trong vai Đại úy Jack Sparrow và Geoffrey Rush trong vai Barbossa và giới thiệu một diễn viên trẻ mới bao gồm Brenton Thwaites và Kaya Scodelario. Javier Bardem đóng vai một nhân vật phản diện ma quái với sự báo thù khi tất cả họ tìm kiếm cây đinh ba của Poseidon trên biển. Orlando Bloom cũng trở lại với vai Will Sparrow, người đã không tham gia bộ phim ""Cướp biển"" kể từ năm 2007 ""At World End. """" Dead Men Tell No Tales ""là bộ phim"" Cướp biển ""đầu tiên kể từ"" On Stranger Tides ""năm 2011 và là bộ phim đầu tiên được đạo diễn bởi Joachim R? Nning và Espen Sandberg. đã thu được hơn 3,73 tỷ đồng trên toàn thế giới cho hãng phim và có một số áp lực đối với bộ phim thứ tư này để tiếp tục những thành công to lớn của các bộ phim trước đó đồng thời lấy lại danh tiếng đang bị tụt lại của nó. """	Fake
Entertainment	Huck có thực sự chết trên 'Scandal?'	"Đừng chôn vùi anh ta nữa. Nam diễn viên thủ vai Huck trong ""Scandal"" có một số từ hy vọng cho những người hâm mộ buồn bã về tập phim cliffhanger tuần trước, trong đó nhân vật của anh đã bị bắn nhiều lần. Guillermo Diaz đang cảnh báo mọi người nên nhớ ""Vụ bê bối"" thường đầy bất ngờ. Nam diễn viên nói với entmt Tonight rằng kịch bản mà Meg quay Huck ""chỉ thổi tôi đi - không có ý định chơi chữ"". ""Phản ứng của tôi là tôi hoàn toàn không tin tưởng được nhưng anh ấy cũng nói rất phấn khích. Đó là một kịch bản tuyệt vời, nó rất mọng nước Là một diễn viên tôi rất vui mừng."" Diaz cho biết người sáng tạo của chương trình Shonda Rhimes có thể được ghi nhận mang lại rất nhiều hứng thú."	Legit
Entertainment	Căn hộ NYC với đàn piano của David Bowie sẽ cho thuê 10.000,00 mỗi tháng	Bạn có thể có cơ hội trọn đời với sân thượng nhìn ra Quảng trường Thời đại ở New York. Bạn cũng sẽ có cơ hội mua tòa nhà với giá 64 triệu đồng. Tòa nhà này từng thuộc sở hữu của David và người vợ đáng yêu Iman. Đây là một thỏa thuận tuyệt vời và đã được đưa ra thị trường vào thứ Hai. Họ đã bán tòa nhà này 01 năm sau đám cưới của họ, cây đàn piano Yamaha được mạ vàng đã được đưa vào bán và vẫn còn tồn tại đến ngày hôm nay. Những người bán hiện tại không có hứng thú với piano và đã để lại cho chủ sở hữu mới. Tôi nghĩ rằng đàn piano sẽ khó di chuyển nhưng đây là một thỏa thuận tuyệt vời cho những người mua tiềm năng như được nói bởi đại lý độc quyền Bernice Leventhal của Cơ quan Coran. Ngôi nhà rộng 1.778 foot vuông không được sử dụng bởi các chủ sở hữu hiện tại. Nó có một tiền sảnh sang trọng, một số tủ quần áo không cửa ngăn, ba phòng ngủ chính với 2 phòng tắm chính, nhà vệ sinh nước nóng, sàn nhà và trần nhà hình vòm. Đây là một nơi tuyệt vời để gọi về nhà.	Fake
Entertainment	Căn hộ NYC có đàn piano David Bowie trên thị trường với giá 6,5 triệu	"Cơ hội chơi đàn piano của David Bowie trong khi tận hưởng tầm nhìn không bị cản trở của Công viên Trung tâm trong một căn hộ ở Thành phố New York có thể là của bạn với giá 6.495 triệu đồng. Một căn hộ ba phòng ngủ hai phòng ngủ một nửa thuộc sở hữu của Bowie và vợ Iman đã đi ra thị trường vào thứ hai. Cặp vợ chồng đã bán căn hộ nằm trong Nhà Essex trên Central Park South vào năm 2002 sau 10 năm họ cưới. Đàn piano Yamaha của Bowie đã được đưa vào bán trong năm 2002 và vẫn ở trong căn hộ cho đến nay. Những người bán hiện tại không mua căn hộ từ Bowie và Iman đang giữ cho truyền thống tồn tại bằng cách đưa cây đàn piano vào giá niêm yết. ""Tôi sẽ tưởng tượng rằng nó rất khó để di chuyển nhưng tôi nghĩ rằng nó thực sự là một sản phẩm tuyệt vời cho người mua, đại lý độc quyền của căn hộ, Bernice Leventhal của Tập đoàn Corcoran, nói với ABC News. Ngôi nhà rộng 1.877 mét vuông được sử dụng làm nhà kho. terre bởi chủ sở hữu hiện tại của nó. Nó có một tiền sảnh bằng đá vôi, tủ quần áo không cửa ngăn, hai phòng ngủ cỡ lớn và phòng tắm chính với vòi sen và sàn nhà được sưởi ấm."	Legit
Entertainment	Rapper Wiz Khalifa làm ngạc nhiên các nhà phê bình của mình bằng những bình luận của mình khi đến thăm mộ của Pablo Escobar	Nghệ sĩ rap người Mỹ Wiz Khalifa thường đưa ra những tranh cãi và chỉ trích tiêu cực với những trò hề công khai của mình. Tuy nhiên, đây không phải là trường hợp khi ông đến thăm nơi chôn cất và nơi chôn cất của trùm ma túy người Colombia Pablo Escobar. Rapper đã đăng một bức ảnh của mình tại ngôi mộ có chứa những bông hoa màu đen kèm theo lời bình luận rằng những bông hoa là một cách thể hiện rằng anh ấy nghĩ rằng đây không phải là cách để sống cuộc sống của một người. Anh ta cũng đăng một bức ảnh của mình bên ngoài khu đất - nơi anh ta lưu ý rằng những gì đã xảy ra ở đây - nơi đánh bom và cố gắng trong cuộc sống của Escobar - không phải là một cuộc sống mà trẻ em ngày nay nên say mê bằng mọi cách.	Fake
Entertainment	'Bates Motel' chém vào 'Tâm lý' trong mùa cuối cùng	"Có một ranh giới tốt giữa chấp nhận rủi ro sáng tạo và bất khả xâm phạm khi giao dịch với các tài sản nổi tiếng. Mặc dù ""Bates Motel"" có thể không cam kết sau đó, nhưng dường như họ đã hy sinh quyền tự lập hóa đơn như một phần tiền truyện của ""Tâm lý"". Sê-ri AE luôn xuất hiện cùng với ngày hết hạn tích hợp đối mặt với nguy cơ hết bất động sản khi nó nhai qua câu chuyện liên quan đến tác phẩm kinh điển năm 1960 của Alfred Hitchcock. Bối cảnh hiện đại cũng làm cho quá trình tố tụng bớt ma quái hơn với điện thoại di động và các thiết bị hiện đại khác làm thay đổi động lực của việc nói một mình trong tầng hầm với một kẻ giết người ăn mặc giống mẹ mình. Tuy nhiên, thông báo về phần thứ năm và phần cuối cùng trùng lặp với bộ phim thực sự tạo ra sự phấn khích: sau khi làm lại một cách thiếu căn cứ, điều này đưa ra một cửa sổ thay thế vào câu chuyện bao gồm cả những sự kiện này diễn ra như thế nào từ góc nhìn của Norman / Norma Bates."	Legit
Entertainment	Demi Lovato làm một ấn tượng tuổi teen hoàn hảo	"Demi Lovato thích một ấn tượng hoàn toàn chính đáng của một thiếu niên. Lovato đã xuất hiện trên ""The Tonight Show"" vào tối thứ Hai và tham gia vào tiểu phẩm ""Ew"" tái xuất của Jimmy Fallon. Các yêu cầu bao gồm mặc một bím tóc lấp lánh lố bịch và khóa môi bằng một chiếc gối được dán bằng khuôn mặt của ca sĩ Ed Sheeran. Chiếc gối được mệnh danh là ""tấm đệm lòng"" của nhân vật Fallon trong tiểu phẩm. Trong khi Lovato thực hành các kỹ năng nhếch nhác của mình với chiếc gối Sheeran, Fallon đã nâng lên một chiếc gối có khuôn mặt của chủ nhà ""Extra"" Mario Lopez."	Legit
Entertainment	Chris Pratt trả lời những kẻ giả mạo cơ thể nói với anh rằng anh quá gầy	"Chris Pratt lớn hay nhỏ đã nghe tất cả. Những ngày này, ngôi sao ""Guardians of the Galaxy"" 37 đang lúng túng vì quá gầy nhưng anh ta không chịu nằm xuống. Pratt, người đã ghi lại những món ăn vặt tốt cho sức khỏe mà anh ta đang ăn khi quay ""Jurassic World 2"" trong một loạt các video trên Instagram ""What My Snack"" đã quay trở lại - theo cách nói thông thường của anh ta - sau khi một số người theo dõi dường như cho rằng anh ta nhìn quá gầy. ""Vì vậy, nhiều người đã nói rằng tôi trông quá gầy trong các tập WHATSMYSNACK gần đây mà anh ấy đã viết trên Instagram hôm thứ Năm. Một số người đã đi xa đến mức nói tôi trông 'xương.' Chà, chỉ vì tôi là đàn ông không có nghĩa là tôi không thích những lời thì thầm của bạn."	Legit
Entertainment	Will Smith sẽ tái hợp với Fresh Prince Pals để thực hiện chương trình mới	"Will Smith trở lại cùng với dàn diễn viên The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, nhưng lần này là để thực hiện một chương trình chính vào giờ chính dựa trên bộ phim sitcom kinh điển của thập niên 90. Taping được thiết lập để bắt đầu vào cuối mùa hè. Trong một bài đăng trên Instagram, Alfonso Ribeiro (nhân vật Carleton trong chương trình) đã viết """" Luôn luôn tuyệt vời khi dành một buổi chiều với gia đình Hoàng tử tươi của tôi. ""Mong rằng James Avery vẫn ở bên chúng tôi để hoàn thành nó."" Avery, người đóng vai nhân vật chú Phil, đã qua đời vào năm 2013. ""Chúng tôi sẽ tìm cách tôn vinh trí nhớ của anh ấy trong chương trình mới; anh ấy là một phần không thể thiếu của bản gốc."" Trong bức ảnh Instragram, Smith và Ribeiro được tham gia bởi Tatyana Ali (Ashley) Karyn Parsons (Hilary) Daphne Maxwell Reid (Vivian) và Joseph Marcell (Geoffrey). """	Fake
Entertainment	Elton John quyết định không tổ chức sinh nhật lần thứ 70 của mình và vẫn ở nhà	"""Elton John không thích tiệc tùng nên anh ấy đã không tổ chức sinh nhật lần thứ 70 vào tối thứ Bảy. Ca sĩ người Anh đã phớt lờ gia đình bạn bè và nhiều người hâm mộ A ngưỡng mộ anh ấy và hủy bỏ sự kiện tại Red Studios ở Los Angeles. được tổ chức bởi Rob Lowe và không có màn trình diễn của Stevie Wonder Lady Gaga Ryan Adams và hơn thế nữa, vì nó đã bị hủy bỏ. Kết quả là Wonder đã không ở đó để biểu diễn ""Happy Birthday"" mang tính biểu tượng của mình với sự giúp đỡ từ Lady Gaga như sự kiện này thực sự chưa bao giờ xảy ra. Không ai trong số những người nổi tiếng tham dự buổi dạ tiệc cũng là một lợi ích cho Elton John AIDS Foundation và Bảo tàng Búa tại UCLA. Katy Perry không có mặt trong bữa tiệc - vì điều đó đã không xảy ra. """	Fake
Entertainment	Ngài Paul McCartney trên Lennon	"Kanye và di sản âm nhạc của riêng mình ""Album cuối cùng của Hoa hồng thập niên 80 của Sir Paul McCartney được coi là một trong những tác phẩm hay nhất thập kỷ của ông. Ông hợp tác với các nhà sản xuất nhạc sĩ mới và một đối tác sáng tác mới dưới hình thức Elvis Costello và nó đã truyền cảm hứng cho chuyến lưu diễn vòng quanh thế giới đầu tiên của anh sau 10 năm. Bây giờ khi bản thu được phát hành lại hoàn chỉnh với các bản demo chưa từng được biết đến, Sir Paul đã nói với Matt Everitt của BBC 6 Music về việc hợp tác với Costello Kanye West và Michael Jackson - nhưng tại sao anh sẽ không bao giờ làm việc với bất cứ ai tốt hơn John Lennon. Sir Paul cũng tiết lộ anh ấy đang làm việc với một album mới với nhà sản xuất của Adele và anh ấy nghĩ rằng di sản âm nhạc của mình sẽ là gì."	Legit
Entertainment	Những gì mong đợi từ đài tưởng niệm công cộng của Carrie Fisher và Debbie Reynold	"Vào thứ bảy, công chúng có cơ hội nói lời chia tay cuối cùng với Carrie Fisher và mẹ cô, Debbie Reynold, người đã chết cách nhau một ngày vào cuối tháng 12. Đài tưởng niệm sẽ được tổ chức tại Hội trường Tự do tại Nghĩa trang Forest Lawn Nghĩa trang Hollywood Hills lúc 1 giờ chiều. Người hâm mộ có thể tham dự trên cơ sở đến trước được phục vụ trước và khi hội trường lấp đầy, họ sẽ có thể đứng ngoài và xem dịch vụ trên màn hình. Không thể đến California? Toàn bộ nội dung sẽ được phát trực tiếp trên trang web của Reynold. Con trai của Reynold, ông Todd Fisher nói với Variety cách đây không lâu rằng đài tưởng niệm là điều mà mẹ ông sẽ muốn. ""Cô ấy rất kết nối với người hâm mộ của mình và cảm thấy họ là một phần của cô ấy mà anh ấy nói. và Carrie Fisher là những người bạn tốt, trước khi anh ấy nổi tiếng với bản hit You Beautiful, anh ấy thực sự sống cùng cô ấy. Nó có thể xé toạc trái tim của bạn về câu chuyện của Fisher."	Legit
Entertainment	Pharrell the nhạc: Đến một màn hình gần bạn	"Anh ấy quen thuộc với tư cách là nhà sản xuất âm nhạc và ca sĩ, nhạc sĩ từng đoạt giải thưởng, nhưng những gì được biết về cuộc sống ban đầu của Pharrell Williams? Nếu câu trả lời là ""không nhiều"" có thể sớm thay đổi khi tuổi trẻ của Williams là truyền cảm hứng cho một vở nhạc kịch trên màn ảnh rộng theo The Hollywood Reporter. Williams 43 sẽ sản xuất Atlantis - được mô tả là Romeo và Juliet với các bài hát. Giám đốc Broadway Michael Mayer sẽ đóng vai trò là người hướng dẫn của dự án. Mayer nổi tiếng với các sản phẩm như Đánh thức mùa xuân mà anh đã giành được một giải thưởng Tony cũng như American Idiot dựa trên âm nhạc của Ngày xanh. Nhà văn của Atlantis sẽ là Martin Hynes, người hiện đang làm việc cho bộ phim Toy Story thứ tư."	Legit
Entertainment	Phản ứng đầu tiên với 'Cướp biển Caribbean 5' tại CinemaCon	"Walt Disney Studios đã tiết lộ phần thứ năm trong loạt phim ""Cướp biển Caribbean"" của họ ""Dead Men Tell No Tales"" vào tối thứ ba tại CinemaCon ở Las Vegas. Phản ứng ban đầu từ những người tham dự bao gồm chủ sở hữu nhà hát và nhà triển lãm báo chí phần lớn là tích cực kỷ niệm sự trở lại hình thành cho nhượng quyền thương mại và VFX được thực hiện tốt. Các đánh giá chính thức bị cấm vận cho đến ngày 22 tháng 5. Bộ phim swashbuckling chứng kiến sự trở lại của Johnny Depp trong vai Đại úy Jack Sparrow và Geoffrey Rush trong vai Barbossa và giới thiệu một dàn diễn viên trẻ mới bao gồm Brenton Thwaites và Kaya Scodelario. Javier Bardem đóng vai một nhân vật phản diện ma quái với sự báo thù khi tất cả họ tìm kiếm cây đinh ba Poseidon trên biển. Orlando Bloom cũng trở lại với vai Will Sparrow, người đã không tham gia bộ phim ""Cướp biển"" kể từ ""At World End"" năm 2007. ""Dead Men Tell No Tales"" là bộ phim ""Cướp biển"" đầu tiên kể từ ""On Stranger Tides"" năm 2011 và là bộ phim đầu tiên được đạo diễn bởi Joachim R? Nning và Espen Sandberg. Cho đến nay, nhượng quyền thương mại đã thu về hơn 3,73 tỷ trên toàn thế giới cho hãng phim và có một số áp lực đối với bộ phim thứ năm này để tiếp tục những thành công to lớn của các bộ phim trước đó đồng thời lấy lại danh tiếng đang bị tụt lại."	Legit
Entertainment	Kênh 4 của Luân Đôn được tư nhân hóa	"Kế hoạch tư nhân hóa Kênh 2 đã được tiến hành theo Bộ trưởng Văn hóa Karen Bradley. Chính phủ Anh có kế hoạch thoái vốn khỏi kênh truyền hình công cộng vào cuối năm nay. Trong nỗ lực tiết kiệm tiền cho ngân sách chính phủ, chính phủ Anh có kế hoạch bán Kênh 4 cho một số người chưa được tiết lộ cho Gateway Partners, Inc. Gateway là một quỹ đầu tư tư nhân được biết đến để xoay quanh các doanh nghiệp đau khổ. Bộ trưởng Bradley nói: ""Việc bán Kênh 2 sẽ không chỉ là một điều tốt cho ngân sách Anh mà còn cho người tiêu dùng truyền hình. Chúng tôi tin rằng việc bán sẽ dẫn đến những cải tiến cần thiết cho đài truyền hình và đầu tư nhiều cập nhật cần thiết cho các đài truyền hình. "" Kênh thuộc sở hữu công cộng có hơn 800 nhân viên và đề xuất này đã được chính phủ xem xét trong 18 tháng qua."	Fake
Entertainment	Shailene Woodley để lãnh đạo tuyệt thực trong nhà tù trên đường ống	Nữ diễn viên Mỹ Shailene Woodley đã tuyên bố với các bạn tù và lính canh của một nhà tù ở Bắc Dakota rằng cô sẽ lãnh đạo một cuộc tuyệt thực chống lại đường ống dẫn dầu của Dakota Access. Woodley là sự khởi đầu của Divergent Series. Cô đã bị bắt tại địa điểm đường ống dẫn dầu của Dakota vào tháng 10 năm ngoái, cùng với 26 nhà hoạt động khác. Cuộc tuyệt thực của cô đã được các nhà hoạt động người Mỹ bản địa trong khu vực chứng thực và ca ngợi, những người phản đối đường ống với lý do nó sẽ vi phạm vùng đất thiêng liêng của họ.	Fake
Entertainment	Hành tinh Trái đất bị hủy bỏ sau vụ bê bối Bafta	Mặc dù thành công ban đầu, bộ phim tài liệu thiên nhiên của BBC One Planet Earth II, dự kiến sẽ được đề cử cho một số giải thưởng Craft, đã rời khỏi mạng sau cuộc xung đột không được tiết lộ với BBC. Một nguồn tin giấu tên tại BBC đã xác nhận rằng nhà sản xuất điều hành của Planet Earth đã đưa ra những nhận xét phân biệt chủng tộc trong một cuộc họp riêng, dẫn đến việc rút tất cả chín đề cử của họ. Nhà sản xuất điều hành của Planet Earth đã từ chối bình luận và từ đó đã xóa tài khoản Twitter của mình. Các ứng cử viên hàng đầu hiện tại trong Giải thưởng Thủ công bao gồm The Crown của Netflix và Người quản lý ban đêm của BBC.	Fake
Entertainment	Làm thế nào 'Bones' tạo ra một thế hệ các nhà khoa học nữ mới	"""Bones"" của Fox sắp kết thúc vào thứ ba khi đã sản xuất được 246 tập các vụ án tội phạm thường xảy ra do một nhóm do Tiến sĩ Temperance Brennan (Emily Deschanel) lãnh đạo. Đối với một số khán giả nữ của loạt phim dài tập, chương trình đã diễn ra nhiều hơn nhiều so với entmt; nó khuyến khích họ theo đuổi sự nghiệp khoa học. Morgan O. John là một trong số họ. Cô ấy là một ""đầu xương"" - một thuật ngữ gây chú ý được người hâm mộ của chương trình sử dụng để mô tả bản thân như một tập thể - nhưng cũng có bất cứ điều gì nhưng. Chàng trai 22 tuổi này chỉ còn vài tháng nữa là hoàn thành gấp đôi chuyên ngành nhân học và tiếng Pháp tại Đại học Texas Christian ở Fort Worth Texas. Lớn lên trong cái mà cô mô tả là ""một thị trấn nông thôn rất cô lập ở Tây Nam Louisiana, nhiều người đi làm hoặc trường đại học cộng đồng gần nhất sau khi tốt nghiệp trung học và sống yên tĩnh không biến chứng""."	Legit
Entertainment	Người hâm mộ Sad Slasher hâm mộ sê-ri AE 'Bates Motel'	Sản phẩm xuất sắc của AE 'Bates Motel' đang hướng đến những cuốn sách lịch sử sau một cuộc đua ly kỳ làm hài lòng hàng triệu người hâm mộ. Sự khác biệt sáng tạo đã khiến chương trình đổi mới này dừng lại, vượt xa phiên bản Gus Van Sant 1998 của Psycho như một sự tôn kính tôn sùng cho bộ phim kinh dị Alfred Hitchcock. Bối cảnh ngày nay của sê-ri AE đã thêm các vấn đề hiện đại cho những người trước đây phải đối mặt với khách đến Bates Motel. Sự cải tiến thông minh này đã nâng cấp phiên bản Alfred Hitchcock khá cũ thành một thứ mà người xem có thể thực sự xác định được. Diễn xuất cũng vượt trội so với phiên bản cũ, không màu, không màu. May mắn thay, vẫn còn một mùa nữa trong lon, vì vậy cuộc vui chưa kết thúc. Tất cả chúng ta sẽ buồn khi thấy loạt kết thúc tuyệt vời này	Fake
Entertainment	Jake Gyllenhaal giữ lại chủ đề về mối quan hệ của anh với Ryan Reynold	"Jake Gyllenhaal đã được Michael Strahan phỏng vấn vào tuần trước về bộ phim hài lãng mạn mới của anh, ""Loaf"", đóng chung với đối thủ của anh là Ryan Reynold. Ryan đóng vai bác sĩ David Jordan, mối quan tâm lãng mạn của nhân vật Gyllenhaal trong câu chuyện về sao Hỏa và sao Kim. Nhân vật này thiếu kinh nghiệm làm bác sĩ và cảm nhận được yếu tố của mình trong mối quan hệ mới này và trong nghề nghiệp mới. Gyllenhaal mô tả nhân vật của Ryan là một người lãng mạn đã từ chối đưa xuống trái đất cho dù mọi thứ đang diễn ra ở đất nước này hay thế giới ngày nay như thế nào. Mỗi nhân vật tin rằng anh ta có đôi chân trên mặt đất, nhưng cả hai đều có xu hướng bay ra ngoài vũ trụ khi mọi thứ trở nên khó khăn và họ phải đối mặt với cuộc sống trong một khu vực bị chiến tranh tàn phá giống như sống trên sao Hỏa với một đối tác sao Kim. Cuộc phỏng vấn được phát sóng trên ""Chào buổi sáng nước Mỹ"" và sau đó một phần đã được hiển thị trên Bản tin tối của CBS."	Fake
Entertainment	DEMI LOVATO CHẠM AIM TẠI TEEN CỦA TÔI TRÊN 'THE TONIGHT SHOW'	Demi Lovato đã xuất hiện trên chương trình Tonight Show của Jimmy Fallon và thực hiện một loạt các fan hâm mộ tuổi teen của cô. Lovato mặc áo crop top, bím tóc, và giả vờ ra ngoài với một chiếc gối với khuôn mặt của ca sĩ Ed Sheeran trên đó. Trong hành động của Lovato, Fallon đã đáp lại bằng cách hôn một chiếc gối có Mario Lopez của Extra.	Fake
Entertainment	Chrissy Teigen	"Patricia Arquette và phản ứng nhiều hơn với sự cố xà cạp của United Airlines ""Sau khi United Airlines cấm hai cô gái lên máy bay vào cuối tuần này vì họ mặc quần legging mà công ty cho biết là một phần trong chính sách của họ dành cho người thân và bạn bè của nhân viên đi du lịch miễn phí trên các diễn viên dự phòng và các nhà hoạt động đã đưa lên phương tiện truyền thông xã hội để chỉ trích sự lựa chọn của hãng hàng không trong vụ việc. Nhà hoạt động Shannon Watts lần đầu tiên tweet về vụ việc vào đầu Chủ nhật ""Một đại lý cổng thống nhất không cho phép các cô gái mặc quần legging bay từ Denver đến Minneapolis vì spandex không được phép ? ""Watts là mẹ của năm đứa trẻ và là người sáng lập Moms Request Action cho Gun Sense ở Mỹ. Sau khi các hãng tin lớn nhận được báo cáo về vụ việc ở Denver, một phát ngôn viên của hãng hàng không đã xác nhận báo cáo với ABC News rằng hai thanh thiếu niên là Không được phép trên chuyến bay vì xà cạp ""không tuân thủ chính sách về trang phục vì lợi ích của công ty khi đi du lịch một chương trình cho phép nhân viên của hãng hàng không và gia đình họ đi du lịch miễn phí, nhưng trong một số hướng dẫn nhất định. Có các quy tắc khác nhau cho các đặc quyền này bởi vì mọi người đang bay miễn phí người phát ngôn được thêm vào."	Legit
Entertainment	Thiếu niên bị ung thư chết trước khi Beyonce thực hiện ước nguyện cuối cùng của sinh viên.	"Đêm qua, một nhóm học sinh buồn bã từ trường trung học Alief Hastings đã tổ chức một buổi cầu nguyện dưới ánh nến trong buổi tập luyện của ban nhạc để vinh danh một trong những học sinh tốt nghiệp của chính họ, Ebony Banks, cựu thành viên của đội bảo vệ màu. Ebony, ở Houston, đã chiến đấu với một dạng ung thư hiếm gặp, và một ngày trước khi cô qua đời, bạn bè của cô đã cố gắng sắp xếp một sự kiện Face time với thần tượng của cô, Beyonce. Phát hiện ra rằng Beyonce không có mặt để tham gia vào sự kiện này, vì một lần đính hôn trước đó, các thành viên của đội bảo vệ màu đã tập trung bên ngoài nhà của Ebony giơ nến lên không trung và lắc lư theo bản hit của Beyonce, ""Halo."" Cha mẹ của Ebony đã giúp cô đến cửa sổ nơi cô có thể nhìn thấy những người bạn của mình tụ tập để tôn vinh cô. Người phát ngôn của Học khu độc lập Alief, Craig Eichhorn, nói với ABC News rằng các học sinh rất thất vọng vì Beyonce sẽ không tìm thấy thời gian để mang lại một chút niềm vui cho một người hâm mộ đang hấp hối, vì vậy họ đã tự mình nở nụ cười. Eichhorn cũng xác nhận rằng Ngân hàng đã qua đời nhiều giờ sau đó."	Fake
Entertainment	Planet Earth dẫn đầu lĩnh vực với chín đề cử Bafta Craft	Planet Earth II đã gây ấn tượng mạnh với người xem khi phát sóng vào năm ngoái - và bây giờ dường như nó cũng đã làm kinh ngạc Bafta. Bộ phim tài liệu thiên nhiên của BBC One đã nhận được chín đề cử trước Giải thưởng Thủ công hàng năm nhằm tôn vinh tài năng hậu trường trên truyền hình. Bộ phim truyền hình Netflix The Crown theo sau với bảy đề cử trong khi The Night Manager của BBC có sáu đề cử. Những người chiến thắng sẽ được công bố vào ngày 23 tháng 4 ba tuần trước Giải thưởng Truyền hình Bafta vào ngày 14 tháng 5. Đây là một danh sách các chương trình được đưa ra để làm gì.	Legit
Entertainment	Scarlett Johansson mở ra về 'Ghost in the Shell'	"Nữ diễn viên Scarlett Johansson đã mở ra về bộ phim mới của cô ""Ghost in the Shell giải quyết những tranh cãi xung quanh việc cô được chọn vào vai nữ anh hùng và thảo luận về những khó khăn khi trở thành phụ nữ ở Hollywood, trong một cuộc phỏng vấn với Good Morning America"", Michael Strahan phát sóng ngày hôm nay. Johansson nói rằng khi ""Ghost in the Shell"" lần đầu tiên được chú ý, nó ""dường như vô cùng đáng sợ khi thêm rằng con gái cô ấy vẫn còn rất trẻ, và không gian trong đầu tôi không giống như trong"" Ghost in the Shell. """" Nhưng tôi nghĩ rằng thật sự rất khó để từ chối cơ hội trở thành người đứng đầu và trung tâm cho một thứ gì đó có một lượng fan hâm mộ tích hợp như vậy, rất tận tâm và bị ám ảnh bởi nữ diễn viên nói. Và bạn cũng biết có thể quay lại trường quay Một cái gì đó như thế này Johansson nói thêm, với tư cách là một diễn viên ... với tư cách là một phụ nữ, điều đó thật hiếm. Tôi hy vọng nó không phải lúc nào cũng hiếm như vậy. """	Legit
Entertainment	Shaming béo đã giữ Emma Thompson ra khỏi Los Angeles	"Mặc dù nổi tiếng là một nữ diễn viên, Emma Thompson không bao giờ chuyển đến Los Angeles, nơi giới thượng lưu Hollywood làm việc và mua những ngôi nhà đắt tiền trong các cộng đồng bị kiểm soát. Tại sao? Bởi vì cô cảm thấy mình quá béo. Trong một cuộc phỏng vấn trên truyền hình Thụy Điển, Thompson nói: ""Đó là một nơi kỳ lạ. Tôi chỉ không thể sống ở đó."" Cô tiếp tục giải thích rằng nhiều nữ diễn viên bị biếng ăn do các nhà sản xuất liên tục săn lùng họ để giảm cân. Những phụ nữ trẻ sẽ có vóc dáng đẹp, và các nhà sản xuất vẫn sẽ yêu cầu họ giảm cân. Họ chỉ đơn giản là không ăn để họ có thể tìm việc. Thompson nói rằng cô đe dọa sẽ rời khỏi bộ phim Br slideshowead Revisited khi một bạn diễn được yêu cầu giảm cân. Cô ấy nói rằng sự xấu hổ của nhà sản xuất hiện đang được hướng đến ngay cả trẻ em và nam giới và nam giới không được miễn dịch. Sự xấu hổ tiếp tục cho đến khi một ngôi sao ở độ tuổi 30. Đến lúc đó nhiều người đã phát triển rối loạn ăn uống vĩnh viễn."	Fake
Entertainment	Ngôi sao của 'Walking Dead' Lauren Cohan trong đêm chung kết mùa 7: 'Thật đau lòng'	"Lauren Cohan, người đóng vai Maggie, một nữ chiến binh nông dân kể từ phần 2 của ""The Walking Dead không cho đi bất kỳ kẻ phá đám nào trong đêm chung kết mùa 7. Nhưng cô ấy thừa nhận rằng điều đó sẽ rất đau lòng."" ""Bạn chắc chắn có rất nhiều cảm xúc, cô ấy đã nói với HarpersBazaar.com trong một cuộc phỏng vấn mới. [Thật] vô cùng buồn bã và đẹp đẽ."" Như bất kỳ người hâm mộ nào của chương trình đều biết bộ phim về ngày tận thế zombie của AMC luôn luôn đau lòng - bằng chứng là trong buổi ra mắt mùa này khi hai trong số các diễn viên được yêu thích của chương trình trở thành nạn nhân của Negan do Jeffrey Dean Morgan thủ vai. Như mọi khi, các diễn viên thường tổ chức một buổi tiệc truyền thống hay còn gọi là ""bữa tối tử thần cho các diễn viên đã ngã xuống. Thật buồn cười khi tôi dừng lại khi nghĩ về việc gọi họ là những bữa tối chết chóc. Đó là một phần thường xuyên trong biệt ngữ của chúng tôi đến nỗi tôi quên mất nó giống như gián điệp trong đám tang của chính bạn, Cohan giải thích. Chúng tôi đã có những đêm tuyệt vời nhất bên nhau. Luôn có nhiều nước mắt nhưng chúng tôi cũng có lửa và chơi game và nói với thành viên gia đình rằng chúng tôi yêu họ nhiều như thế nào - và bạn biết họ hoàn toàn xấu hổ. """	Legit