Domain	Topic	News	Label
Celebrity		Does Drake's New Single Mean He's Already Done  ith His Most Recent Album?	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie & Amal Alamuddin: It's  ar!	 hen George and Amal Clooney celebrated their wedding for a second time on Oct. 25, there was once again two very noticeable guests missing - Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie were nowhere to be seen!	Fake
Celebrity	A Thing For Blondes? Brad Pitt Is Ready To Move On  ith Margot Robbie	Is Brad Pitt back to blondes? Shortly after his split with Angelina Jolie, rumors swirled about Pitt’s on-set chemistry with Allied actress Marion Cotillard. Linked to many of his co-stars throughout his long career, including his soon-to-be ex, it’s no wonder Jolie wasn’t keen to have him work with blonde bombshell, Margot Robbie. A source exclusive to OK! reports, “He thinks she’s the hottest girl in Hollywood right now.” According to the source, the 41 year old actor and President of Plan B Films has “tried to woo her for numerous movie projects. This was a sore subject with Angie who blocked them from working together a few times. Now he’s single again you can expect Brad to go after Margot with a passion.” And who could blame him? The 26 year old Australian beauty has been dubbed “the new Angelina Jolie,” stirring fear in the hearts of celebrity wives. She has her own reputation for on-set chemistry with married actors including  ill Smith.  ith hot and heavy sex scenes and photos surfacing of them looking cozy off camera, Smith himself had to address the rumors on twitter, “It’s disappointing that goofing around on set could be taken so out of context.”	Fake
Celebrity	Tom Hiddleston Stunned Taylor Swift Referenced Him On New Album: Here’s  hy	 hile most of the people who are or were in Taylor Swift’s life most likely knew they’d be called out on her album, Tom Hiddleston thought he was safe! But, is ex mentioned him in T O tracks! Here’s what he thinks …	Fake
Celebrity	JENNIFER ANISTON HINTS AT FRIENDS REUNION	"Jennifer Aniston is making Friends fans very happy! The actress hinted she would be open to appearing in a reunion of the hit NBC show. ""The only thing I can think of doing is maybe for fun doing a Thanksgiving episode,"" Aniston said on a British talk show. However, a spokeswoman for  arner Bros., the studio that produced Friends, told the New York Post that there has been no preliminary discussions about a Friends reunion show."	Fake
Celebrity	Lindsay Lohan: Starlet Lusting After Vladimir Putin!	"LiLo's suddenly aimed her fiery eyes at ""Kremlin Krotch,"" telling pals she's gonna bed and wed notorious Soviet strongman Vladimir Putin - and then be officially crowned ""Princess Pootie-Tang of Russia!"""	Fake
Celebrity	Scientology Showdown! Katie Holmes & Jenna Elfman Caught In Awkward 'GMA' Run-In	For once, the drama at Good Morning America wasn't involving Robin Roberts and her new arch-nemesis, Michael Strahan.	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye  est  ants to Enter Cosmetics Business Like Kylie	Kanye  est wants to go head-to-head with his famous sister-in-law ... diving head first into the cosmetic biz dominated by Kylie Jenner.	Fake
Celebrity	Dancing with the Stars 2017 Cast Includes Charo, Bonner Bolton, Heather Morris & More!	" ho's on Dancing with the Stars? Let's find out! The new Dancing with the Stars 2017 cast was announced on Good Morning America! The Season 24 contestants debuted on the Season Premiere, which also marked the 400th episode of Dancing with the Stars. The show airs MONDAYS 8|7c on ABC. This season's lineup includes Bonner Bolton, Mr. T, Olympians Simone Biles and Nancy Kerrigan, Heather Morris and the original ""Cuchi-Cuchi"" girl, Charo, just to name just a few. Check out the full Dancing with the Stars cast below after you enjoy the amazing opening number from the Season 24 Premiere!"	Legit
Celebrity	Kirsten Dunst explains why she was crying on the Cannes 2017 red carpet	Kirsten Dunst was spotted mysteriously crying on the red carpet at this year’s Cannes Film Festival, and now it seems we have an explanation to the sudden outburst.	Legit
Celebrity	Inside Beyoncé's baby shower	Don't act like you didn't know Beyoncé was going to shut it down when it came to her baby shower.	Legit
Celebrity	Prince - The Truth Behind His Drug Overdose	"As The ENQUIRER reported, Prince had been diagnosed with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, in the 1990s. The Jehovah's  itness chose not to fight the deadly disease with medications due to his faith, believing ""God will save me!"" Six months ago, he was told by doctors he had full-blown AIDS and had just six months to live, sources said. ""He couldn't take the pain the disease was causing him in its last stages,"" an insider told The ENQUIRER. ""And he didn't want to just slowly waste away!"""	Fake
Celebrity	Blake Lively on  omen in Hollywood, Directing and Possible ‘Gossip Girl’ Reunion	As one of Variety’s Power of  omen honorees, Blake Lively will attend a lunch on Friday in support of Child Rescue Coalition. For this week’s issue, the actress spoke about women in Hollywood, shooting in New York for “Gossip Girl,” and what she looks for in a role.	Legit
Celebrity	Nicole Kidman Finally Admits To Botox	As far as we can tell, Botox tops the list of celebrity guilty pleasures: Everybody does it, but nobody talks about it. Except Nicole Kidman, that is.	Legit
Celebrity	Tom Cruise awkwardly swerves question about daughter Suri	Tom Cruise politely responded to a question about daughter Suri at his Mummy premiere last night, but didn't appear comfortable enough talking about her to elaborate on the answer.	Legit
Celebrity	Yes, Kim Kardashian And Kanye  est Are Signing A Prenup, But Guess  ho Is  orth More	The fact that Kim Kardashian and Kanye  est plan to sign a prenuptial agreement probably won't come as a surprise to many, but recent claims on who is worth more probably will.	Legit
Celebrity	Caitlyn Jenner: false rumors around her, her strained family ties and her candid memoir! Read on it here! –	RadarOnline published a story about Caitlyn claiming that the transgender reality TV star and former decathlete is going online to explore her sexuality and has been enjoying a number of secret ‘cyber hookups’. The definition of ‘hookups’ has not been clarified in the story. But the report states that Caitlyn Jenner has been into online romances without any offline interactions with the clients. The tabloid has quoted an insider as saying:	Legit
Celebrity	Aquaman actresses Nicole Kidman and Amber Heard feuding on DC movie set?	James  an started filming for Aquaman in Australia last month.  hile Jason Momoa and Mera actress Amber Heard have already shot their first scene together, Queen Atlanna actress Nicole Kidman reached a few days ago. Following her landing, there have reportedly been feud sparks on the sets.	Fake
Celebrity	Chelsea Handler Thinks 'It's Crazy' People Think Jennifer Aniston Cares About  hat's Going on Between Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt	Laughter is the best medicine when it comes to coping with rumors in Hollywood, at least for Chelsea Handler and bestie Jennifer Aniston.	Legit
Celebrity	Chelsea Handler Has Nothing Nice to Say About Ben Affleck (EXCLUSIVE)	Hoes over bros! Apparently, comedian Chelsea Handler takes that mantra to heart because she is ready to tear into her best friend, Jennifer Garner's ex, Ben Affleck. The 42-year-old is 100 percent #TeamJen in the Ben/Jen split — and honestly, can you blame her? In Touch has the exclusive scoop on what exactly Chelsea has in store for the Argo star.	Fake
Celebrity	Oscars: Mel Gibson, Casey Affleck and Hollywood's Sliding Scale of Moral Punishment	"The men's restroom of the Landmark Theatres in  est L.A. is as good a place as any to gauge the true sentiments of Oscar voters. Following a showing of Hacksaw Ridge a few Saturdays ago, I found myself washing my hands next to two gentlemen — both appeared to be about 63, the average age of Academy members, with one wearing a Kung Fu Panda 2 cap (the kind of hat a grown man doesn't wear unless he worked on the movie) discussing what they had just seen. ""Didn't want to like that one but ... ,"" the first man said, trailing off. ""But Mel can direct,"" the friend finished."	Legit
Celebrity	Vanessa Lachey breaks silence amid ‘D TS’ feud rumors	This dancing duo is trying to find their rhythm.	Legit
Celebrity	George Clooney's $220M  edding Disaster - Prenup Feud, Guest List Flub & Planner Quit!	George Clooney's upcoming nuptials to fiancee Amal Alamuddin is turning out to be disastrous - a prenup the couple has been arguing over, worries about a guest list feud and their wedding planner quitting - and the couple might not even make it down the aisle!	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian talks her surrogate	She's expecting her third child via surrogate.	Fake
Celebrity	Janet Jackson's Secret Plastic Surgery	Janet Jackson is tired of hiding her withered old lady hands under long sleeves and gloves — so now she’s giving them a makeover!	Fake
Celebrity	New father Ryan Gosling puffs on a cigarette as he films new movie The Nice Guys	Ryan Gosling on the set of his new film 'The Nice Guys' in Atlanta yesterday[AKM-GSI]	Legit
Celebrity	Social Media Addicted Kim Kardashian Slammed For Ignoring No-Phone Rule At Serena  illiams’  edding!	An insider told us that a babysitter followed the reality TV star to make sure she respected the rules. Serena  illiams and Alexis Ohanian’s wedding was one to remember for sure, and Kim Kardashian was also there. But as we’ve learned, the Keeping Up with the Kardashians celeb has trouble staying away from social media for too long.	Fake
Celebrity	Nicole Kidman Charmingly Bungles Through a Comment on Her Alexander Skarsgård Kiss at the Emmys	Ah, Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban. She, an Australian film fixture once married to Hollywood’s leading man. He, an Australian country singer with a Nashville heart. Together they are a bi-coastal, bi-country, bi-continent power couple. Go on, watch them walk down any red carpet together and try to remain uncharmed. They’re two charm factories who make distinctive hair choices! You have no chance! That’s why when she won best actress for her electric Big Little Lies role, and kissed her television husband, the very tall Alexander Skarsgård, on the lips while her actual husband looked lovingly on, everyone was like, “ hat? Huh? On the lips?”	Legit
Celebrity	 ATCH: Donald Trump's Ex- ife Marla Maples Gets Emotional About Life as a Single Mom on Dancing with the Stars	"""I just consider having a child the greatest gift in the world,"" Donald Trump's ex-wife says in a Dancing with the Stars preview clip exclusive to PEOPLE. ""Every single moment, the good, the challenging, the joyful, the painful, all of it is so important."""	Legit
Celebrity	'Fifty Shades Darker' Update: Jamie Dornan, Dakota Johnson split after feuding on set; Film's release delayed?	Fifty Shades Darker may now be in trouble with reported feuding between cast members Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson.	Fake
Celebrity		Kylie 'Fuming' Over 'Copycat' Sister Kim’s Perfume Launch	Fake
Celebrity	Does Madonna  ant To Send Rebellious Rocco To Military School?	The reason why Madonna's son Rocco bolted for his father's home is becoming clearer. It seems that Madonna is a bit more strict at home than one would imagine, and she wants to send son Rocco to military school. Rocco Ritchie, 15, does not want to go, and while on tour with Madonna, he ran off to live with his father.	Fake
Celebrity	Tyga Reveals Details About Kylie Jenner Breakup	In a new interview with Big Boy TV, Tyga-a month out from his split with Kylie Jenner-revealed new information about what led to the couple's demise.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian ‘Allergic’ To Jewelry After Traumatic Paris Robbery	Even though it’s been a while since then and we all thought the reality TV star was a lot better, it seems like the horrifying Paris robbery is very much still on Kim Kardashian’s mind.	Fake
Celebrity	Kris Jenner Is Concerned for Future Generations of Kardashians	Kris Jenner, mother of six and grandmother to six more, is a busy matriarch. Since the start of her family’s reality show in 2007, it’s clear that she’s been keeping one eye trained on the reality-TV circus and the other on how that circus affects her family. During a new reality-TV roundtable with The Hollywood Reporter, Jenner said she worries about how her six grandchildren will be affected by the family business.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber Asks 'Taylor Swift  hat Up' in Pic  ith Kanye  est	" e're not sure what it means yet, but on Tuesday morning (Aug. 2) Justin Bieber elicited more than 85,000 comments in just under six hours for a snap of himself in round John Lennon-style sunglasses FaceTiming with none other than Kanye  est. But it's the caption that has the Internet speculating: ""Taylor swift what up,"" Bieber wrote."	Legit
Celebrity	'Second Act' Cast Stars Milo Ventimiglia & Jennifer Lopez & No One Can Control Their Emotions	Get ready for one of the hottest movie couples ever... and it's a pretty unexpected one, too! TV heartthrob Milo Ventimiglia just signed on to Jennifer Lopez's upcoming romantic comedy, Second Act, and it sounds like we're going to see some sparks fly between them. Milo Ventimiglia will play J. Lo's boyfriend in the new movie, according to Variety, and the casting news has fans of the two stars shook.	Legit
Celebrity	Kevin Hart Begs  ife Eniko Parrish For Forgiveness  ith $250000 Push Gift	Kevin Hart is telling himself — nothing says “I am sorry for cheating and humiliating you” like a $250,000 gift.	Fake
Celebrity	Chris Pratt Snubs Justin Bieber Friendship	Do the stars that pray together play together? Not if they’re Justin Bieber and Chris Pratt!	Fake
Celebrity	Leah Remini Opens Up About Her Friendship  ith Jennifer Lopez And The Scientology Connection	Jennifer Lopez and ex-Scientologist Leah Remini are the best of friends. They have known each other for several years and have been through a lot. Come what may, their friendship weathers through. It has always seemed that Leah was the only one with a Church of Scientology connection, but that isn’t the case.	Fake
Celebrity	Prince  illiam & Kate Attend First Royal Garden Party of the Season	 ith warm weather comes one thing: garden parties!	Legit
Celebrity	Cameron Diaz	The Resume	Fake
Celebrity	Kevin Hart and  ife Eniko Parrish Share Sweet Photos of Baby Kenzo	Kevin Hart and wife Eniko Parrish shared an adorable photo of their newborn, Kenzo Kash Hart, and the parents couldn’t help but gush!	Legit
Celebrity	Biggest Costar Feuds and Fights Ever!	Costar conflicts!  hile celebs remain professional when the cameras are rolling, behind the scenes there are catfights, crying and eye-rolling.  hether they were forced to work together for several seasons of a hit TV show or a few months for a film, these stars just couldn't seem to get along.	Fake
Celebrity	Caitlyn Jenner: Robert Kardashian Believed O.J. Simpson Guilty of Murder	"Caitlyn Jenner’s forthcoming memoir, The Secrets of My Life, is billed as a book in which she ""reflects on her past as she looks to her future.""  hile she touches on a number of topics, such as her Olympic triumph and three failed marriages, the revelation that Robert Kardashian allegedly told her that he believed O.J. Simpson was guilty of killing Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman is making waves."	Legit
Celebrity	Claims Anne Hathaway made 'diva' demands at charity event	ANNE Hathaway has been accused of acting like a diva and submitting a long list of demands before a cancer charity event in Santa Monica earlier this month.	Fake
Celebrity	QUEEN BEY!! Beyonce Gets Taylor Swift BANNED From The VMAs	August 27, 2016: In case you were wondering who is the most important person in music – it's BEYONCE. Earlier this week it was announced that Taylor Swift would NOT be performing at this year's VMA Awards.  ell according to reports it was Beyonce who got Taylor banned.	Fake
Celebrity	Expectant Kylie Jenner Is An ‘Emotional  reck’  hile In Hiding, Source Reveals – ‘She Feels So Alone!’	 hat’s even worse is that her only real help, matriarch Kris Jenner doesn’t really have the time to deal with her youngest daughter’s drama. According to new reports, the stress of having to keep her pregnancy under wraps has been taking a toll on 20-year-old Kylie Jenner.	Fake
Celebrity	Fifty Shades Darker news: Jamie Dornan reveals TRUTH behind Dakota Johnson 'awkwardness'	FIFTY SHADES DARKER star Jamie Dornan has revealed what his relationship with co-star Dakota Johnson is really like - admitting the first film was a little on the bumpy side.	Legit
Celebrity	 hoopi Goldberg & New Host Rosie O'Donnell At  ar - Tension On 'The View,' Fighting Over Seating Arrangements	 ith only a few weeks until The View premieres with  hoopi Goldberg and Rosie O'Donnell, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that on the set, the two divas are already at a stand-off over who will get the moderator seat.	Fake
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs Take Cannes in His-and-Hers Dior	Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs rarely adhere to traditional rules of style, and when it was time for the pair to hit Cannes , they gave the red carpet a daring couples' moment.  earing his-and-hers Dior at the premiere of Pattinson’s latest film, Good Time , they showed two sides of the storied French brand, with Pattinson, a face of the label, going classic in a dapper three-piece Dior Homme black suit and Twigs opting for audacity in a postcard print-covered dress.	Legit
Celebrity	Chris Pratt and Anna Faris Are Definitely Raising a Theater Kid	Chris Pratt and Anna Faris’s four-year-old son, Jack, is growing up in what is, essentially, an immersive-theater class.  hen Pratt spoke to Ellen DeGeneres on her talk show Friday, he said that he and Faris, both professional actors, take parenting, specifically story time, very seriously.	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie on Cambodia 'awakening'	"Angelina Jolie has spoken about how Cambodia was her ""awakening"", as she premiered her new film in the country."	Legit
Celebrity		Pregnant Kylie Jenner Is 'Very Self-Conscious' About Her Changing Body, Says Source	Fake
Celebrity	2015 Daytime Emmy Awards: Betty  hite, Ellen DeGeneres & More  inners	Rise and shine TV lovers! It's time to celebrate the best in daytime.	Legit
Celebrity	Laverne Cox and Rob Lowe applaud Caitlyn Jenner for ESPYS speech	Celebrities including LAVERNE COX, ROB LO E and RUSSELL SIMMONS have taken to social media to congratulate CAITLYN JENNER for her powerful acceptance speech at the ESPYS on  ednesday night (15Jul15).	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Gets a Surprise Visit From Hillary Clinton	Hillary Clinton recently paid a visit to the Queen ... Bey, that is!	Fake
Celebrity	"Leonardo DiCaprio Also Enjoyed Staring at ""Salvator Mundi,"" $100 Million da Vinci"	One might not normally expect to find Leonardo DiCaprio , Patti Smith , Alex Rodriguez, and Jennifer Lopez at the same party (well, the last two, perhaps), but this weekend, all four were among the estimated 4,500 attendees of an auction preview at Christie’s. There, they had the chance to get eyes on “Salvator Mundi,” a Leonardo da Vinci painting previously thought lost that is being touted as “ The Last da Vinci ” leading up to its auction tonight.	Legit
Celebrity	Has Tom Hiddleston's 'Embarrassing' Romance  ith Taylor Swift Cost Him a Job?	"Yikes, Tom Hiddleston and Taylor Swift's romance (showmance?) really isn't having the effect that their PR teams had hoped for, with Tom reportedly losing a huge contract due to the ""embarrassing"" display."	Fake
Celebrity	Scarlett Johansson's New Man Has Confirmed They Are Dating	From the editors of HelloGiggles	Legit
Celebrity	Kathy Griffin predicts career is over, says Trump 'broke me'	Embattled comedian Kathy Griffin says she's not afraid of Donald Trump and plans to keep making fun of him but maintained that she's sorry for a video that depicted her holding a likeness of the president's severed, bloody head.	Legit
Celebrity	Rebounding Revenge! Selena Gomez And Orlando Bloom Are Hooking Up To Make Miranda Kerr And Justin Bieber Jealous?!	This weekend wasn't the first time we saw Selena Gomez and Orlando Bloom together, so can you blame us for speculating???!	Fake
Celebrity	Kevin Hart and Eniko Parrish welcome baby	The comedian tweeted Tuesday that his wife, Eniko Parrish, had given birth to their son.	Legit
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson Finally Has Successful Movie - Twilight Curse Over? | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Robert Pattinson is elated at the success of his upcoming film, “Good Time”. The film premiered at Cannes Film Festival and the movie and actor received a six-minute standing ovation. There is also Oscar buzz surrounding Robert, with some speculating he could receive a Best Actor nomination.	Fake
Celebrity	Jim Carrey On Another Planet! Thinks Alien Reptiles Rule Earth	Comic Jim Carrey is secretly a follower of a kooky conspiracy nut who believes alien reptiles run the world! Even nuttier, the Dumb and Dumber star plans to go public with his commitment to whack job David Icke’s bizarre theory!	Fake
Celebrity	Victoria Beckham's big fashion guide: Posh Spice to write book telling Brits how to dress	Posh is set to release the book next year to mark 10 years in the fashion business. The Spice Girl-turned-designer is said to have teamed up with US Vogue editor Anna  intour. The pair have become close friends in recent years, with  intour said to be the driving force behind the guide.	Fake
Celebrity	Mehgan James Speaks Out On Rob Kardashian Dating Rumors	"Has Rob Kardashian found a new boo in Bad Girls Club alum Mehgan James? Media outlets began reporting last week that Rob and Mehgan were in the ""early stages"" in their relationship, with an anonymous insider telling In Touch, ""Rob's been seeing Mehgan James for almost three months, and most of the Kardashians are very upset about it because Mehgan is known for being out of control and volatile. The Kardashians want Rob to find a woman who is kind and calm."""	Legit
Celebrity	Is Leonardo DiCaprio losing interest in love life amid midlife crisis?	The Titanic star's name has recently been dragged by a magazine and claimed the 43-year-old star is becoming anti-social day by day.	Fake
Celebrity	Kris Jenner Just Broke Her Silence On Kylie's Pregnancy	If you didn't already know that Kylie Jenner is pregnant, well, let me be the first to tell you: Kylie Jenner is pregnant!	Legit
Celebrity	Sour Note! Zayn Forced Into Disastrous Duet  ith Taylor	RadarOnline.com has learned Zayn Malik and Taylor Swift’s Fifty Shades Darker duet only came about after he was forced to collaborate with the superstar.	Fake
Celebrity	Brad Pitt Struggles To Smile At Hollywood Event  hile Custody Battle  ears Him Down	After a long court battle with his former wife Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt showed up with a relax and smiling aura in Malibu on Saturday night.	Fake
Celebrity	"Julia Roberts and Danny Moder May Be Headed for Divorce: ""The Problems Keep Piling Up"""	Say it ain't so!	Fake
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner  ants to Break Free From the Kardashian Clan	Kendall Jenner is ready to move on from her famous family! In Touch has exclusively learned that the 18-year-old model wants out of the Kardashians to further her own career.	Fake
Celebrity	Jessica Simpson Flashes Her Butt for Eric Johnson's Birthday: Pic	Less is more! Jessica Simpson celebrated her husband Eric Johnson’s 38th birthday by sharing a racy tribute to Instagram on Sunday, September 17.	Legit
Celebrity	Melania's camp denies US  eekly's 'separate bed' report	Melania Trump has issued her own executive order: She refuses to share a bed with Donald Trump.	Legit
Celebrity	Mariah Carey in talks for The X Factor - report	Mariah Carey is in talks to join The X Factor judging panel.	Legit
Celebrity	Chris Hemsworth's, Charlize Theron’s Kids Played Together on ‘Huntsman’ Set	A pretty awesome playdate! Chris Hemsworth and Charlize Theron revealed that they both brought their kids to work while they were filming The Huntsman:  inter’s  ar, and it totally changed the dynamics of the set.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston: I'm Not a 'Sad, Childless Human'	Jennifer Aniston has no doubt that husband Justin Theroux is the one for her.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston wants to set up a wellness centre	Jennifer Aniston wants to open a wellness centre in the future. The space would house treatments, as well as a healthy cafe.	Legit
Celebrity	Brad Pitt Texts Jennifer Aniston Nonstop: Seeks Intense Emotional Support After Angelina Jolie Divorce! | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston have reportedly gotten back in touch through texting, even though sources from both sides are falling over themselves to clarify that it's 'just texting' and not anything more serious.	Fake
Celebrity	 hat Cher Actually Eats in a Day to Stay So Unbelievably Fit	At the Billboard Music Awards, Cher took the stage to perform two of her greatest hits, and we were amazed by how incredible the Billboard Icon Award recipient looks at age 71.	Legit
Celebrity	Kate Middleton & Prince  illiam Try To Save Crumbling Marriage?	If true, rumors have it that it may be Prince  illiam's grandmother Queen Elizabeth's doing. It has been reported previously that she does not like Kate's commoner ways.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift Cries During Selena Gomez's Heartbreaking AMA Performance, Gets Some Serious Side Eye	"Taylor Swift was moved to tears by Selena Gomez's debut performance of ""The Heart  ants  hat It  ants"" at the 2014 American Music Awards."	Legit
Celebrity	Prince  illiam and Kate Middleton Moving Out Of Kensington Palace? | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Prince  illiam and Kate Middleton are already thinking about moving out of Kensington Palace. That’s because  illiam doesn’t want his children Prince George and Princess Charlotte to grow up behind palace walls. Instead, he wants them to live a life out of the spotlight and as far away from the paparazzi as possible.	Fake
Celebrity	"Brad Pitt Is ""Still in Contact""  ith Ex Jennifer Aniston Following Angelina Jolie Divorce (REPORT)"	Talk about friendly exes!	Fake
Celebrity	 hat’s Kanye  est’s Next Move?	There’s something missing. Can you feel it? A slight twinge in the universe, quick and subtle, but a definite sign that something in the world just shifted. Ah, here’s what it is—Kanye  est just deleted his Twitter and Instagram accounts.	Legit
Celebrity	Here's How Kim Kardashian  est, Kanye  est, and North  est Do  eekend Style at the Mall	Between trips to Paris Fashion  eek and Ikea's HQ in Sweden, the  ests have had a busy week. But like most families, they prefer to do weekends closer to home, and paid a visit to their local mall in Los Angeles yesterday, stopping by the Build-A-Bear  orkshop in coordinating outfits.	Legit
Celebrity	Miranda Lambert  rites Loving Post for 2-Year Anniversary with Boyfriend Anderson East	Miranda Lambert marked her second anniversary with Anderson East Tuesday by sharing a sweet snap on Instagram of herself and her musical beau sharing a kiss.	Legit
Celebrity	YOUNG M.A SAYS NICKI MINAJ IS 'JUST SHO ING LOVE, GIVING PROPS':  ATCH	Getting high praise from Nicki Minaj is anyone's dream, and Fuse First artist Young M.A was the lucky one when Minaj called into the Breakfast Club radio show to talk about the up-and-comer in October.	Legit
Celebrity	This Is  hat Justin Bieber Did Instead of Going to the Grammys	Despite earning four nominations for his album Purpose, Justin Bieber had no plans to attend the Grammy awards this year. Rather than sitting at home alone, however, he decided to go out for sushi, and took fans along for the ride on his Instagram Story. (Other bystanders captured a few snaps of him walking into the restaurant as well for a full 360-degree look at what it's like to have dinner with Justin.)	Legit
Celebrity	 hat Jennifer Lopez Just Revealed to Ellen About Drake & Dating Younger Men	"Jennifer Lopez stopped by the ""Ellen DeGeneres Show,"" where Ellen put her on the hot seat to ask about her relationship with Drake and the rumor she likes to date younger men."	Legit
Celebrity	Gwen Stefani is returning to 'The Voice,' but what about Miley Cyrus?	"Gwen Stefani is all set to return to the hot seat on ""The Voice,"" but whose chair is she snatching?"	Legit
Celebrity	 ild Rumor: Justin Bieber Canceled His Purpose Tour to Start His Own Church	"Justin Bieber shocked the Belieber community worldwide yesterday when he abruptly canceled the remainder of his Purpose tour. Bieber had 14 shows left, including several in the U.S. and Asia. A photographer caught the Biebs yesterday in L.A., and he explained he just needed a break after 16 months of touring. ""Yeah, everything's fine, yeah"" he told the man on camera. ""I've been on tour for two years. It is [a long stretch,] yeah. Yes, [I'm looking forward] to resting, getting some relaxation, I'm going to ride some bikes."""	Legit
Celebrity	'I was boozing too much': Brad Pitt talks about split from Angelina Jolie	"Brad Pitt has revealed he was ""boozing too much"" and told how he slept on a friend's floor for six weeks after his split from Angelina Jolie because it was ""too sad"" to return home."	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Trying To Steal Kanye  est's Money Through Elaborate Prenup Scheme?	Is Kim Kardashian trying to steal Kanye  est's money along with his fame? According to a new report from Star, Kim is treating her prenup to Kanye like a business transaction, which is probably a smart decision. Let's be realistic – how long is this marriage going to last? Two years? Five years? She's already gone through this rodeo once, and she knows that eventually, she'll end up getting Kanye's money if she plays her cards right. The only question is – how much?	Fake
Celebrity	Did Angelina Jolie Fake Maddox Jolie Pitt's Adoption? Inside The Shocking Claims	Angelina Jolie is famous for adopting kids from around the world, but did she obtain her first son, Maddox, using falsified documents? Maddox's real Cambodian father has come forward with the shocking claims that Jolie doesn't have legal power of attorney over the 15-year-old.	Fake
Celebrity	Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx Have Seemingly Dropped Their Stealth Act	For more than four years, rumors have surrounded Katie Holmes, Jamie Foxx, and their apparent under-the-radar romance. For a pair of very famous people they’ve managed to avoid the cameras for ages, though in the last year they seemed to be making less of an effort to hide, even spotted in May boarding a private plane in Paris, where Foxx was filming Robin Hood. At the same time, tabloids claimed that the two were “ready to go public.”	Legit
Celebrity	Late-Night Hosts React to O.J. Simpson Parole News	O.J. Simpson was granted parole Thursday, after serving almost nine years in prison for armed robbery and assault with a weapon, and late-night TV had a lot to say about it.	Legit
Celebrity	Miley And Liam Fighting? False Rumors Swirl That They're In A Feud Over A Supposed Prenup	Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth fighting? A new report claims that Cyrus and Hemsworth had a huge fight over their supposed prenup while they were making their wedding plans.	Legit
Celebrity	Lady Gaga Announces Netflix Documentary, Talks Madonna Feud	Lady Gaga is ready to open up. The “Joanne” singer has a candid documentary titled Gaga: Five Foot Two premiering on Netflix on September 22.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian fails to congratulate Beyonce over twin pregnancy news while BFF Chrissy Teigen appears to mock superstar's announcement	The reality star did not join the list of stars tweeting their joy about Bey's good news	Legit
Celebrity	Did Beyonce Give Birth To Her Twins? New Report Claims She Just Did	Did Beyonce just have her twins? Rumors have been flying that Queen Bey gave birth to a precious boy and adorable girl on Saturday, May 20, according to an exciting new report!	Fake
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie Opens Up to PEOPLE About Her 'Difficult' Year: 'I Am a Little Bit Stronger'	Much has changed over the last year in Angelina Jolie‘s life, but one thing has remained constant — her dedication to her children.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian: Nude Cookbook on the  ay?!?	Not everyone is a fan of Kim Kardashian and/or the books she pretends to write.	Fake
Celebrity	Keith Urban Jealous: Nicole Kidman Admits She Begged HBO To Cast Alexander Skarsgard As Her Love Interest | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Nicole Kidman is making it pretty clear that she desperately wanted Alexander Skarsgard to be cast as her husband in ‘Big Little Lies.’ Nicole is starring in the new HBO drama series along with Reese  itherspoon, Shailene  oodley and Laura Dern. The show tells the story of three mothers who try to move on after a tragedy that almost destroyed their lives.	Fake
Celebrity	Are Kendall, Kylie Jenner and Gigi, Bella Hadid headed for a nasty feud?	It looks like a case of siblings' war. Two of the most popular siblings' duo – Kendall, Kylie and Bella, Gigi – are reported to be on the verge of a nasty feud.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift's 'Reputation': All the gossip about Joe Alwyn, Kanye  est and Tom Hiddleston	In the preface of her two Reputation-themed magazines, which feature photos, poetry and hand-written lyrics to celebrate the release of her sixth album, Swift lamented the inevitable news stories that guess at the targets of her lyrics.	Legit
Celebrity	Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx Come Out As an Item, After 'Tom Cruise Ban' Expires	Now here’s something to really jump up and down on the couch for.	Fake
Celebrity	Kate Middleton Desperate To Save Prince  illiam Marriage: Can't Let Go Of Pampered Royal Lifestyle | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Kate Middleton might be angry with her husband Prince  illiam for embarrassing their family with his bizarre dancing and drinking during his ski trip, and all of the cheating rumors, but that doesn’t mean she’ll be divorcing him anytime soon. In fact, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge tried to convince everyone that they are still madly in love during their trip to Paris this weekend.	Fake
Celebrity	"ROSIE O FLEES CRAZY ""HOUSE IVES"" NEIGHBORS"	"Run ROSIE RUN – right back onto ""The View""!  HY?!"	Fake
Celebrity	Julia Roberts Cuddles Up to Danny Moder Ahead of Their 15th  edding Anniversary	Julia Roberts and husband Danny Moder were spotted on a casual outing in Malibu, CA, on Saturday afternoon. The couple, who is going on 15 years of marriage in July, put on a loving display as they wrapped their arms around each other and Julia appeared to whisper something in Danny's ear.  hile we haven't seen the couple out and about together since November, Julia made history in April when she was named People's Most Beautiful  oman for the fifth time. It was also revealed earlier this week that Julia will be returning to the big screen in Crystal City Entertainment's adaptation of The Bookseller. Julia will not only star in the film, but she's also producing the project alongside Lisa Gillan, Marisa Yeres Gill, Jonathan Rubenstein, and Ari Pinchot.	Legit
Celebrity	Digital Diva! Inside Caitlyn Jenner’s Secret Cyber Hookups	RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that Caitlyn Jenner is exploring her sexuality online and has been enjoying a string of secret cyber “hookups”.	Fake
Celebrity	Michelle Obama open to plastic surgery, Botox injections	As first lady Michelle Obama prepares to turn 50 on Friday, she isn’t ruling out having some work done on her face in the future.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyoncé Serves Up Lots of Smiles at Serena  illiams'  edding to Alexis Ohanian	 hen she sees two people “Crazy in Love,” Beyoncé can’t help but smile.	Legit
Celebrity	Malia Obama Has Barack And Michelle  orried – Can She Handle Life Alone In New York City?	Malia Obama, 18, is adjusting to her new life outside of the  hite House and the changes are not easy to handle for her famous parents – former President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama.	Fake
Celebrity	Too Many Stars to Count Support Stand Up to Cancer	Loads of stars stepped out for the Hollywood Stands Up to Cancer event in LA on Tuesday night. The fundraiser, which was hosted by Reese  itherspoon and her husband, Jim Toth, brought out cute couples like Diane Kruger and Joshua Jackson and Jessica Alba and Cash  arren, as well as Selena Gomez, Drew Barrymore, and Gwyneth Paltrow. Gwyneth herself has been a longtime supporter of the Stand Up to Cancer program since her father, Bruce Paltrow, died of lung cancer in 2002.	Legit
Celebrity	Here's How Brad Pitt Feels About Donald Trump as President	As a southern man born in Oklahoma and raised in Missouri, Brad Pitt stems from a place where people typically support Donald Trump and his run in the 2016 Presidential Election.	Legit
Celebrity	Tyga To Reveal The Ugly Truth About Kylie Jenner And Kardashians In New Tell-All Book, Insiders Say	"Tyga and Kylie Jenner have made it to Splitsville, according to E! News, and it looks like things could get pretty ugly in the near future. Although the relationship is reportedly over, it doesn't look like the two have ended on amicable terms, and things are only beginning to heat up. According to Perez Hilton, Tyga is reportedly planning to release a tell-all book in the wake of his big break-up with Kylie. Insiders close to the ""Make It Nasty"" rapper have dropped a few details about the rumored upcoming book."	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift's camp denies that singer is launching her own streaming service	A source close to Taylor Swift has reportedly denied suggestions that the singer is set to launch her own streaming service.	Legit
Celebrity	Heidi Klum and Seal Have a Friendly Reunion at Billboard Music Awards 2016	Heidi Klum and Seal were the epitome of friendly exes at the 2016 Billboard Music Awar Sunday night.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber pokes fun at himself after stepping out with an wet mark	Accidents happen, but this star is not sorry about it.	Fake
Celebrity	Jane Fonda really didn't want to talk about plastic surgery with Megyn Kelly	"Fonda appeared with Robert Redford on ""Megyn Kelly Today"" on  edesnday to promote their new film, ""Our Souls at Night."" But the interview took a turn mere minutes in as Kelly turned the conversation with the two legends to the subject of aging."	Legit
Celebrity	Halle Berry sparks pregnancy rumours after displaying baby bump on red carpet	Halle Berry, 50, has sparked rumours she is expecting her third child after debuting what looks like a ‘baby bump’ on the red carpet at the 16th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball in Los Angeles.	Fake
Celebrity	"Miley Cyrus Reflects on Her Breakup  ith Liam Hemsworth: ""I  as on the Right Path"""	"Miley Cyrus recently dropped her new single, ""Malibu,"" which is clearly inspired by her rekindled relationship with Liam Hemsworth, and during an interview with SiriusXM's Hits 1 in Hollywood earlier this week, the 24-year-old singer further opened up about her 2013 split from Liam. ""I think — know — that everything is happening for the right reason, and I knew that when we weren't together for the first time,"" Miley said of the advice she would give her younger self. ""I didn't know if that was the end of it, or if we'd be back together again, but knew that wherever I was going, I was on the right path."""	Legit
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth Maybe Got Secret-Married Last April	"In September, Miley Cyrus told The Sun on Sunday that she and her fiancé Liam Hemsworth had no wedding plans anytime soon. ""I don’t envision marriage,"" she told The Sun on Sunday. ""I’m 24. I hope to get to live a little bit more. I have too much living to do [before I get married]."" (Her mother Tish Cyrus made the same point when asked about a rumored Miley-Liam elopement in June, too.)"	Fake
Celebrity	The new directions of One Direction: what do the solo projects tell us?	This morning, One Direction’s Liam Payne dropped Stripped Down, his debut single, which can best be described as something that certainly exists.	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner Banned From NBA Over 'Kardashian Curse'	Kendall Jenner hopes to watch her new man play at courtside this season, but NBA bosses are playing hardball with the Leggy 21-year-old model!	Fake
Celebrity	Josh Duhamel was over Fergie ‘being a rock star again’	Josh Duhamel was tired of his pop-star wife Fergie’s “partying” before their breakup, we’re told.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston Cheated On Brad Pitt  ith Matt LeBlanc  hile Married? - Report	Brad Pitt, 51, may not have been the only one with a wandering eye during his marriage to Jennifer Aniston, 46. An explosive new interview with Matt LeBlanc's dad, Paul LeBlanc, reveals that the actress actually cheated on her then-husband with her Friends co-star long before Brad met Angelina Jolie, 40, on the set of Mr. and Mrs. Smith!	Fake
Celebrity	The Secret to Ellen DeGeneres' Ageless Look	"Makeup artist Pati Dubroff has worked with Ellen DeGeneres on ad campaigns and fashion spreads galore, so she knew exactly what look would work best on the talk show host for Shape's May cover shoot-natural and understated with just a hint of color. She used a damp wedge sponge to perfect our cover model's skin with just a touch of CoverGirl Simply Ageless Concealer and Corrector. ""Ellen's skin has a natural glow already, so she doesn't need much makeup,"" says Pati. Not all of us are blessed with such youthful skin, but you can get an amazing complexion like Ellen's with these anti-aging tips from the makeup pro:"	Legit
Celebrity	Anna Faris Feels Insecure Because Of Her Husband's Affair with Jennifer Lawrence! Is Chris Pratt To Blame? – Live Rumours	Jennifer Lawrence, who is heart of millions of boys, recently made all her fans shocked.  ell it was not in the movie, but from the news; rather we say a rumour having an affair with Chris Pratt. Most of us' mind freeze because of these alleged highlights in tabloids, but later both of them finely denied. As of Jennifer's choice, she has chosen to be single for now; while Chris is already tied with Anna Faris. Faris feels insecurity because of this faked news fueling the tabloids about love between her husband Chris and Jennifer though.  ell, is it true or not, we will cover it in this article!	Fake
Celebrity	Drake Invites Taylor Swift To Stay At His House After Alleged Stalking Incident	"""Taylor [Swift] being stalked and freaked out about it doesn't sit well with Drake. He's real heated that she has lunatics intruding on her personal space, and he's told her he'd personally send a few of his boys to keep an eye on her and be her bodyguards. He's definitely been comforting for her! He's telling her everything is going to be alright and wants to make absolute certain that she feels safe and secure when she's out in public."	Fake
Celebrity	It's Over! Jennifer Lawrence & Darren Aronofsky's Hot Fling Cools ALREADY	Jennifer Lawrence and Darren Aronofsky are already cooling down and taking a break from their intense romance, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian displays shocking hair loss after 'relying on weaves'	She's left fans green with envy thanks to her incredible post-pregnancy weight loss. 	Fake
Celebrity	Prince Harry is Moving to the US to Find a  ife!	Prince Harry is moving across the pond - and has big plans to find a wife in the US!	Fake
Celebrity		Kanye  est Enraged Taylor Swift Referenced Kim Kardashian’s Robbery In Music Video	Fake
Celebrity	rad Pitt attends charity concert with Sting in rare public appearance following split from Angelina Jolie	Brad Pitt reemerged in the spotlight Saturday after keeping a low profile for months following his split from Angelina Jolie.	Legit
Celebrity	Brad Pitt's Side of the Story: He 'Did Not Hit' Maddox as Plane Fight with Angelina Jolie 'Got Out of Hand,' Says Source	Brad Pitt did not strike his son Maddox during a heated mid-flight argument with Angelina Jolie last week, according to a source with knowledge of the situation.	Legit
Celebrity	Taylor Swift Spending Millions of Dollars on New Boyfriend, Joe Alwyn: False News or True? | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Pop superstar Taylor Swift is buying new boyfriend Joe Alwyn by squandering millions of dollars on her lover according to some reports. Taylor has always been the bigger money earner in all of her relationships. Even though past boyfriends such as Jake Gyllenhaal, John Mayer, Tom Hiddleston, and Calvin Harris were millionaires, their bank accounts still paled in comparison to Taylor’s whopping $300 million estimated net worth.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lawrence 'stripped naked and demanded Kanye  est styled her' after drinking five martinis at Kris Jenner's house	Jennifer Lawrence ended up naked in Kris Jenner's wardrobe after downing five martinis.	Fake
Celebrity	Sorry ASAP Rocky, Kendall Jenner Has A Desperate Plan To  in Back Harry Styles!	Kendall Jenner is dating rapper ASAP Rocky, but according to a source, she has devised a plan to win back her ex, Harry Styles! All she has to do is what she does best — send nudes!	Fake
Celebrity	Kirsten Dunst suddenly breaks down in tears at Cannes Film Festival	She gained global recognition for her role in Interview  ith The Vampire at the tender age of 12, so she is no stranger to commanding attention on the red carpet.	Fake
Celebrity	Glenn Close denies that she pipped Meryl Streep to play Hillary Clinton	Forget what you heard: Glenn Close has not pipped Meryl Streep to play Hillary Clinton in an upcoming movie about the former Secretary of State and presidential hopeful's life.	Legit
Celebrity	AMAL CLOONEY IS THE MOST INFLUENTIAL  OMAN IN LONDON	You'd be forgiven for thinking the most powerful woman in London might be the Duchess of Cambridge, or even supermodel Kate Moss. In fact, it's George Clooney's new bride who has taken out the top spot.	Legit
Celebrity	Dream Scenario? Khloe  ants To Adopt Rob's Daughter!	Khloe Kardashian has formed such an intense bond with her niece Dream, she has told her brother Rob she wants to adopt her, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.	Fake
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner:  hy She’s Quitting ‘KU TK’ But Remains Proud Of Kylie’s Spin-off Show	Kendall Jenner continues to distance herself from the reality show platform that made her family a household name, with sources stressing that the model wants to have a legitimate career.	Fake
Celebrity	Kylie Jenner's Plastic Surgeon Has a Message About Her Lip Fillers	 hile the internet hunts for clues about Kylie Jenner's maybe pregnancy (along with Khloé Kardashian's maybe pregnancy and Kim Kardashian's confirmed pregnancy), at least one person has wondered, what of the reality star's famous lip fillers?	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner cries over Pepsi ad backlash in ‘Keeping Up  ith the Kardashians’ premiere	Remember Pepsi’s tone-deaf Kendall Jenner commercial back in April? The one that made people furious, because it appropriated images from Black Lives Matter protests to sell soda?	Legit
Celebrity	The  eeknd  as Spotted Holding Hands  ith Justin Bieber’s Ex	If you’re an avid US  eekly reader, it might appear that there are only about a dozen single people in Hollywood, as they all date each other. It’s like six degrees of separation with Kevin Bacon, only for influencers with a penchant for fit tea and waist trainers, where Scott Disick is the connecting factor.	Fake
Celebrity	Victoria Beckham and Anna  intour among those named in New Year's Honours list	Tennis world number one Andy Murray has been awarded a knighthood in the Queen's New Year's Honours List - making him Britain's youngest Sir in modern times - alongside athlete Mo Farah and dressage rider Lee Pearson. Heptathlete Jessica Ennis-Hill and rower Katherine Grainger have been named dames.	Legit
Celebrity	This Is  hy Taylor Swift Is Skipping the 2016 MTV Video Music Awards	There's a blank space in the VMAs seating chart this year, baby. Taylor Swift will not be attending the MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday, August 28, multiple sources confirm to Us  eekly.	Legit
Celebrity	Obama Says Leaving Malia at College  as ‘Like Open-Heart Surgery’	After Malia Obama went off to Harvard University last month, her father couldn’t hold back the tears.	Legit
Celebrity	'Jealous' Kim Tries To Steal Beyonce's Baby Spotlight	 hile the Bey Hive was buzzing yesterday about Beyonce's shocking baby news, RadarOnline.com has learned that Kim Kardashian was busy with her own plan to steal back the spotlight!	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez are dating, and the rumors are coming in hot	Jennifer Lopez and recently retired baseball hero Alex Rodriguez are dating, according to reports that have been bubbling up all week.	Legit
Celebrity		Inside Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner's Family Vacation in the Bahamas, Two Months After Filing for Divorce	Legit
Celebrity	Kathy Griffin feels ‘betrayed’ by Anderson Cooper after CNN firing	 hile Kathy Griffin continues her sympathy crusade after weathering a storm of criticism for her terrible Trump severed-head photo, sources say she’s seething about how Anderson Cooper dropped her from his CNN New Year’s Eve broadcast like a hot potato.	Fake
Celebrity		 hite  itch warns Angelina against using spells to woo back Brad	Fake
Celebrity	EXCLUSIVE:  HERE  ILLIAM, KATE, AND GEORGE ARE HEADED FOR A MONTH-LONG SUMMER VACATION	They have spent the last two days supporting Great Britain at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, but __ illiam__and __Kate__can look forward to a well-deserved month off in August.	Legit
Celebrity	Caitlyn Jenner's Memoir Reportedly Lands Movie Adaptation, Rob Lowe May Play Her	Report says that the 'How to Be a Latin Lover' actor is currently in talks to play the reality show star in a possible movie based on her new memoir 'The Secrets of My Life'.	Fake
Celebrity	Is Jared Leto, 45, Crushing On 19-Year-old Paris Jackson?	Jared Leto has his eye on a pretty young thing: 19-year-old Paris Jackson! The duo crossed paths at the Harper’s Bazaar Icons party in NYC on Sept. 8, where the actor, 45, “was definitely making a play for her,” says an insider. “He was staring directly into her eyes while she was talking and they were standing really close. They spoke for a long time and she was laughing a lot.” Still, the Oscar winner struck out, as Paris eventually left to be with her friends — though not before Jared snuck in a kiss on her cheek! Adds the insider: “It was obvious that he was super into her, age difference be damned.”	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian's 'Fears  ill Explode' If Kanye  est Runs For President: She's 'Very Nervous'	"""Kanye [ est]'s talking more and more about stepping into politics, but Kim [Kardashian] is extremely hesitant for him to go down that path. She's very nervous about the kind of hatred that would be focused on him and their family if he were to run for president. Before the robbery, she wasn't as scared, but now she lives in constant fear. If Kanye runs for president, those fears will explode,"" a source tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY."	Fake
Celebrity	 atch Barack Obama's sweet surprise for Michelle on their 25th anniversary	Already known for his sweet messages to his wife on birthdays and holidays, Barack Obama went big for his 25th wedding anniversary with Michelle on Tuesday.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Hires Team To Help Her Become More ‘Political’ – ‘I  ant To Speak Out More About Political Issues’	The controversial reality TV star really wants to change her reputation.  e have learned that Kim Kardashian wants to have a much more political image and she’s already making the first few steps in that direction.	Fake
Celebrity	EXCLUSIVE PICS: First photos of Ariana Grande since Manchester attack	An emotional Ariana Grande was spotted for the first time since the terror attack at her Manchester concert on Monday as she touched down in her hometown of Boca Raton, Florida.	Fake
Celebrity	'It was a long time coming': Heidi Klum ends seven-year marriage over Seal's 'volcanic temper'	Seal and Heidi Klum insisted their split was 'amicable' yesterday despite reports that the supermodel could no longer put up with the Kiss from a Rose singer's volcanic temper.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston on the Exact Moment She Had It  ith the Pregnancy Rumors	"In July, Jennifer Aniston powerfully spoke out against the constant tabloid pregnancy rumors about her that have circulated through the years, in an op-ed for Huffington Post. ""For the record, I am not pregnant,"" she wrote in it. "" hat I am is fed up. I'm fed up with the sport-like scrutiny and body shaming that occurs daily under the guise of 'journalism,' the 'First Amendment,' and 'celebrity news.'"""	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian  est confirms baby on the way	"Kim Kardashian  est tweeted a clip Thursday from a promo of the new season of her family's E! series ""Keeping Up  ith the Kardashians."""	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez And Jennifer Aniston Double Date: Jen's Comments About  eeknd  ere Lies	Selena Gomez is currently dating The  eeknd. Her bestfriend Jennifer Aniston is supportive of her but their relationship is sometimes targeted by rumor mongers.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce & Jay-Z Hire Former President Obama’s Secret Service Team	They’ve got 99 problems, but security ain’t one! Beyoncé and Jay-Z asked longtime pal former President Barack Obama’s secret service detail to help protect their family after welcoming twins Rumi and Sir last month.	Fake
Celebrity	‘Megyn Kelly Today’ Ratings Not All Sunshine for NBC’s New Morning Host	 ith its host reportedly making a salary of $17 million a year and a new set having been constructed within NBC’s Rockefeller Plaza headquarters in Midtown Manhattan, “Megyn Kelly Today” is more costly than the previous 9 a.m. segment of “Today.” Losing viewers, in the long run, would be a problem.	Legit
Celebrity	Cher: Ready To Die!	The beat no longer goes on for CHER.	Fake
Celebrity		Taylor Swift seems to be naked in new music video	Legit
Celebrity	Inside Rob K. & Mehgan James' Romance:  hy His Fam ''Doesn't Approve''	UPDATE: As new reports continue to surface regarding Rob Kardashian's relationship with Mehgan James, both took to social media to weigh in on the matter.	Fake
Celebrity	Katie Holmes on reprising her role as Jacqueline Kennedy	"Katie Holmes is reprising her role as Jacqueline Kennedy for the new mini-series, ""The Kennedys: After Camelot."""	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez and The  eeknd Hold Hands for a Romantic Stroll in Argentina	It was no lonely day for The  eeknd.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber apparently wrote a ‘Love Bible’ about Selena Gomez, and it’s sweet but super weird	There have been numerous reports of Justin Bieber spending time in church in the past few months, but what we didn't realize was it wasn't any old church he was visiting — it was the church of past relationships.	Fake
Celebrity	" hat Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn’s ""Very Normal"" Relationship Is Like"	"Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn are currently doing the private relationship thing: They haven’t stepped out in public together and the only way Swift has talked about her British boyfriend of almost a year is through song (""…Ready For It?"" and ""Gorgeous,"" according to fans). But Us  eekly has a report on how things are going for the two these days. Alwyn and Swift are “very much in love,” a source told the outlet."	Legit
Celebrity	OK! Exclusive: Lindsay Lohan Plans To Move To Russia After Her  edding To Egor Tarabasov Amid Her Feud  ith Her Parents Over The Ceremony	As her wedding plans for her nuptials to Egor Tarabasov continue to take shape, an insider has revealed to OKMagazine.com that Lindsay Lohan may be making a major move following the ceremony!	Fake
Celebrity	'Dancing  ith The Stars': Donald Trump Asked To Star In Show & He Hasn't Said No	 hat the heck?! Donald Trump seems pretty busy on the campaign trail, but he's been invited to take some time off to try his hand (or feet?) at dancing! Apparently Dancing with the Stars has asked Donald to join the Season 23 cast!	Fake
Celebrity	 hat Nicki Minaj wore to Serena  illiams' wedding is not really OK ... rocking on up in white leather hotpants and a crop top is kinda too much.		Fake
Celebrity	"Caitlyn Jenner and O.J. Simpson Are Set to Reunite on TV: ""It  ould Be Fascinating!"" (EXCLUSIVE)"	It’s hard to get much more sensational than this: a TV show pairing the world’s most famous transgender celebrity with the world’s most famous acquitted murder suspect — especially when both have connections to the Kardashians! Life & Style has exclusively learned that TV producers have come up with an idea to bring O.J. Simpson and his old pal Caitlyn Jenner together in a televised reunion.	Fake
Celebrity	Melania Trump 'will wear Ralph Lauren at her husband's inauguration'	Ralph Lauren is the latest frontrunner in the race to design Melania Trump's inauguration outfit,  omen's  ear Daily reported Tuesday.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce's Officially Gone Overboard  ith Her CRAZY Delivery Plan Demands & Here's  hy	There’s no denying that Beyonce is one of Hollywood’s biggest diva’s but new sources suggest her demands just got even crazier. In anticipation of the arrival of their beloved twins, the singer and her husband Jay-Z have concocted a delivery plan so insane you’d think they’re royalty. On the heels of reports that the famous couple have moved to a rental property close to Los Angeles’ Cedars-Sinai hospital, where Bey’s due to give birth, insiders tell Heat magazine that “the event is set to be a no-expense-spared extravaganza.” Click through to get the scoop inside Beyonce’s delivery room plans, and how the couple’s daughter, Blue Ivy, will have a very peculiar role in the process.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez and Orlando Bloom Party Together at His 39th Birthday Party	Selena Gomez and Orlando Bloom are enjoying each other's company once again.	Legit
Celebrity	Jamie Foxx and Katie Holmes Hit New York Fashion  eek	Jamie Foxxand Katie Holmes have hit the Big Apple. 	Legit
Celebrity	Tyra Banks Sued for Causing 'Emotional Distress' During ‘America’s Got Talent’ Taping	*A contestant on “America’s Got Talent” says her performance at a recent taping was roasted so viciously by new host Tyra Banks that it has caused emotional distress to her young daughter, who was watching from the wings.	Fake
Celebrity	" ho Is Mark Billingham? The Bodyguard Claims He ""Fathered"" Brangelina's Kids"	"Since the news of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's split, many have wondered what will happen to the couple's six kids.  ill they stay with mom, or with dad, or some combination of the two? Or could a third person have parenting rights as well? Enter Mark Billingham, the star couple's bodyguard. Billingham said he basically ""fathered"" the children, according to Us  eekly."	Legit
Celebrity	New Suicide Fears For Owen  ilson After Dad’s Death	The death of Owen  ilson’s beloved dad has friends fearing the tortured actor might spiral back into a pit of depression!	Fake
Celebrity	BRAD PITT : No Doubt, TRUMP  ill Be The Best President In U.S History. Do You Support Him? ⋆	Brad Pitt  as Invited At Today show This Morning And After Journalist Critic To Trump He Says This  ords : No Doubt, Trump  ill Be The Best President In U.S History And You  ill This Soon. Against Journalists And Everyone Stayed Outraged . Do You Support Brad ?“ e need more and more jobs. Unemployment is way up here,” he said. He’s hired more employees, more people, than anyone I know in the world.	Fake
Celebrity	Is Angelina Jolie Nemesis Chelsea Handler Getting Close To Brad Pitt After Heartbreaking Split?	 e did not see this coming. Angelina Jolie’s worst Hollywood enemy, Chelsea Handler, might be getting a little too close to former lover Brad Pitt, according to a new report. Ouch!	Fake
Celebrity		Angelina Jolie Embraces Her Inner- itch, and Inner-Mom	Legit
Celebrity		Justin Bieber carries a bible while donning preppy tennis clothes	Legit
Celebrity	The Mystery of How Kendall Met the Hadids Has Been Solved	Not too long ago Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid were just two young, unconnected girls who occasionally appeared on their family members' reality television show. Then the world blinked and all the sudden they were burgeoning supermodels and super influencers. Then the world blinked again and they were bonafide supermodel BFFs. Another blink and their sisters, Kylie and Bella, were also burgeoning influence and burgeoning models in their own right.	Legit
Celebrity	Barack & Michelle Obama's Marriage Meltdown - How It's Costing Taxpayers Millions!	Barack Obama and his wife Michelle continues to falls apart in the wake of the president's womanizing. Now it's costing taxpayers millions! The bitter marriage betweenandcontinues to falls apart in the wake of the president's womanizing. Now it's costing taxpayers millions! The National ENQUIRER has seen exclusive records obtained by the government watchdogs of Judicial  atch - revealing that the feuding couple took separate private planes to take off to Hawaii for Christmas vacation!	Fake
Celebrity	Kylie Jenner Sets the Record Straight About Reports Tyga Owes Her $2 Million	Defending her ex. Kylie Jenner took to Twitter on Friday, May 27, to address reports that her ex-boyfriend Tyga owes her $2 million.	Legit
Celebrity	One Direction's Harry Styles Enjoys Skiing Holiday  ith Kendall Jenner Amid Romance Claims	The 'Best Song Ever' star and Kendall were seen carrying their skiing and snowboarding gear together over the weekend.	Legit
Celebrity	Here's  hat Happened  hen Kim Kardashian Finally Revealed Her Identity To Her Surrogate	Kim also explained in the interview why she didn't invite the surrogate to her baby shower. (She has to explain to whole sitch to her kids first.) Overall, it sounds like Kim and her surrogate have a solid relationship.	Legit
Celebrity	Khloe Kardashian slams haters who've been trolling her since OJ Simpson was granted parole	Khloe Kardashian has no time for haters.	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5056567/Jennifer-Lopez-gets-cozy-star-Milo-Ventimiglia.html	Jennifer Lopez gets cozy with on-screen boyfriend Milo Ventimiglia	Fake
Celebrity	Leonardo DiCaprio Enjoys A Date Night  ith Kate  inslet For His Birthday — See The Pics!	Leonardo DiCaprio cozied up to his most famous co-star, Kate  inslet, on Friday night, just one day ahead of his 43rd birthday on Saturday. The two spent over two hours together at the Santa Monica restaurant Giorgio Baldi, after which they were escorted out by security and got into the same car together. Click through to see the pics of their intimate night out!	Fake
Celebrity	Pop insiders claim Justin Bieber cancelled long-running tour as he's considering starting his own church	"POP insiders sensationally claim Justin Bieber may have cancelled his current long-running tour so he can start up his own CHURCH. Bieber shocked millions of fans yesterday when he revealed he was calling off the Purpose tour months before it was due to end as he was ""burned out."" The Canadian has revealed he wants to get back to his religious roots"	Fake
Celebrity	Kim, Kourtney & Khloe Kardashian Celebrate Cinco de Mayo in LA!	The Kardashian sisters are having a Cinco de Mayo celebration!	Legit
Celebrity	 hy Justin Timberlake Didn’t Go to the Emmys  ith Jessica Biel	Jessica Biel stunned at the 2017 Emmy Awards in L.A. on Sunday, September 17, without her usual award show date, husband Justin Timberlake, by her side — and it turns out that the actress, 35, was riding solo for a very good reason.	Legit
Celebrity	David Gest found dead at 62: Liza Minnelli's ex husband discovered after 'unexplained' death in London hotel	"David Gest, the reality TV star and former husband of Liza Minnelli, has been found dead in a five-star London hotel in ""unexplained"" circumstances."	Legit
Celebrity	About That Time Princess Diana  atched The Golden Girls and Crashed a Gay Bar with Freddie Mercury	Princess Diana may have had more fun while married into the British royal family than we had originally thought. In her new book, British comedy actress Cleo Rocos says that she, Queen front man Freddie Mercury, and comedian Kenny Everett sneaked Princess Diana into a south-London gay bar, Royal Vauxhall Tavern, in the late 1980s. Rocos recalls the evening in The Power of Positive Drinking, writing that the trio dressed up the beloved late royal in disguise-an army jacket, cap, and sunglasses, according to an account of the story by the A.F.P.-and were able to enjoy themselves covertly thanks to Mercury's popularity in the crowd:	Legit
Celebrity	Kitesurfing, Lunch with Bono, Golfing in Hawaii: All About the Obamas' Life Now	They've broken free of the  hite House bubble and they're not looking back.	Legit
Celebrity	J-Rod! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez on Love, Beauty, and Redemption	Despite the surreal fame—and baggage—carried by Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez, their relationship makes perfect sense. Both started from modest backgrounds, hit the big time fast, and had to battle their own demons to survive. The new couple discuss everything from their nerve-racking first date to the “reveals” that forged their bond.	Legit
Celebrity	Lady Gaga is not pregnant, says representative 	"LOS ANGELES: Lady Gaga 's representative has denied reports that the singer is pregnant The rumours were sparked after Gaga was seen sporting what appeared to be a baby bump last week. A magazine claimed in its latest issue that the 29-year-old had ""baby on the way.""However, the report was debunked by Gaga's representative. The representative told Rumor Fix tabloid that Gaga is not expecting a child with her fiance Taylor Kinney, reports aceshowbiz.com.Fans who were in shock took to Twitter to post photographs of Gaga with ""baby bump"".Some images showed her hitting the beach with a tight, cream-coloured maxi dress, while in other photographs she was seen wearing a blue kaftan dress when hitting Malibu beach with Kinney.Gaga shared on Instagram a photograph of her with flat tummy on  ednesday. ""Daddy's Girl"", she captioned it.However, this is not the first time the singer is rumoured to be pregnant. Earlier also there have been speculations on it."	Legit
Celebrity	"Kourtney and Kendall Have a ""Sun's Out, Buns Out"" Boat Day in Cannes"	Kourtney Kardashian and Kendall Jenner are currently living it up in the South of France for the Cannes Film Festival, and the sisters got in some swimsuit time while relaxing on a yacht in Antibes on Monday; the pair was spotted lounging and chatting in one-pieces with friend Simon Huck. The next day, they kept the fun coming by donning their best nautical wear for a day on the water. Before their envious yacht lounging, Kourtney attended a dinner in celebration of Jean-Michel Cousteau's  onders of the Sea on Sunday, while Kendall stomped the runway for Naomi Campbell's annual Fashion For Relief event, which also brought out Kate Moss, Heidi Klum, and Kendall's pal Bella Hadid. Keep reading to see all the photos from Kourtney and Kendall's Cannes adventures.	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez being eyed as 'American Idol' judge	"Singer is reportedly being eyed as a judge along with singer for the singing reality show ""American Idol""."	Fake
Celebrity	Ellen, Portia cancel appearance after 'epic' fight	Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi didn't show up at a charity fund-raiser for rescued animals after having a huge fight in the car on the way to Sunday's event, sources tell Page Six.	Fake
Celebrity	It's All About The Ka$h! Kim Kardashian & Kanye  est Refuse Charity Donation To Settle Lawsuit  ith YouTube Founder Over Engagement Video	It's all about the kash with Kim Kardashian and Kanye  est!	Fake
Celebrity	Hillary Clinton The Movie - Starring Glenn Close!	A movie is in the works about Hillary Clinton and her amazing life, and legendary actress Glenn Close has been chosen to play the former first lady and presidential candidate!	Fake
Celebrity	Owen  ilson Says His Kids Are Turning into Little Comedians –  atch!	Owen  ilson is opening up about his kids’ potential careers in comedy!	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez Is ‘Crazy In Love’  ith Justin After Reuniting: She’s ‘Light & Joyful’	If Selena Gomez seems like she’s living her best life since reuniting with Justin Bieber — she is!  e’ve got the EXCLUSIVE that Sel’s in ‘love’ and happy to be back with Biebs.	Fake
Celebrity	Hats off to love! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, and Darren Aronofsky, 47, go public with their romance as they bundle up for stroll in NYC	They had been keeping their budding romance under wraps but it seems that Jennifer Lawrence and Darren Aronofsky have made a New Year's resolution to be more open about their relationship.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Says Kanye  est Is 'Serious' About Running For President	On The Ellen Show  ednesday, reality TV show star Kim Kardashian  est told host Ellen DeGeneres that her husband, rapper Kanye  est, definitely meant what he said when he spontaneously announced at the MTV Video Music Awards that he wants to run for President of the United States.	Legit
Celebrity	Scarlett Johansson's Dirty Talk  ith SNL Stud	Mike  alker Reports…   Never talk dirty to ladies if you wanna turn ’em on — right, guys?	Fake
Celebrity	Harvey  einstein plans to sue New York Times for $50M	Harvey  einstein says he will sue the New York Times for an estimated $50 million after it published a bombshell report claiming the movie mogul subjected actresses and female staffers to “decades of sexual harassment.”	Fake
Celebrity		Jennifer Garner Has Girls Night Out with Chelsea Handler	Legit
Celebrity	'Girl' Fight! Kanye  est Confronts Anna  intour Over Putting Lena Dunham On 'Vogue' Cover Instead Of Fiancée Kim Kardashian	Too big for your designed sneakers, Kanye? During a recent power lunch at the Beverly Hills Polo Lounge, the hip hop star demanded answers from Vogue Editor-In-Chief Anna  intour to the question:  hy did she judge Girls star Lena Dunham as being cover worthy for the famed fashion bible, while his fiance, Kim Kardashian, has long been overlooked?	Fake
Celebrity	Nicki Minaj Did NOT  ear Hot Pants And Crop Top To Serena  illiams’  edding, Despite Report 	Nicki Minaj did not wear hot pants and a crop top to Serena  illiams’ wedding, despite a bogus report based on a photoshopped image. For starters, the rapper didn’t even attend the tennis star’s nuptials. Gossip Cop can set the record straight.  illiams got married to internet entrepreneur Alexis Ohanian in front of friends and family in New Orleans on Thursday. The guest list included many celebrities, including Beyonce, Kim Kardashian, Kelly Rowland, Anna  intour, Ciara and Eva Longoria. Minaj wasn’t in attendance, but the Irish website Her posted a doctored Instagram photo that shows her posing at the party with Beyonce and Rihanna. The site titled its inaccurate article, “ hat Nicki Minaj wore to Serena  illiams’ wedding is not really OK,” and says the singer showed up to the ceremony sporting “white leather hotpants and a crop top.” The misinformed outlet insists Minaj’s outfit was “kinda too much,” further maintaining that she “very much overstepped a wedding etiquette line.” But the site’s opinion about the rapper’s attire is completely moot. Neither Minaj or Rihanna were at the tennis player’s wedding. Both music stars were superimposed into a photo of Beyonce posing alone at the ceremony. It’s unclear if the Irish outlet is trying to trick its readers or get duped by the fake image itself, but Minaj didn’t wear an inappropriate outfit to  illiams’ wedding, which she didn’t attend. It should be noted, Gossip Cop has had to debunk several false stories surrounding the tennis star’s nuptials in the short time since she walked down the aisle.  e recently busted HollywoodLife for fabricating a report about Beyonce and Kardashian having an “icy exchange” at the wedding. Gossip Cop also called out RadarOnline for making up a story about Kardashian getting yelled at for using her phone at  illiams’ wedding. This latest article related to the event is similarly phony.	Legit
Celebrity	Lindsay Lohan Is Reportedly Engaged To Russian Heir	At long last, Lindsay Lohan has found love. 	Legit
Celebrity	Anorexic Angelina Jolie  asting Away	Angelina Jolie’s rail-thin figure is prompting close pals to call for an intervention to save her from death!	Fake
Celebrity	Rosie O'Donnell,  hoopi Goldberg swap weight-loss stories	"(CNN) -- ""The View"" returned to TV on Monday with a new set, two new faces and a pair of returning hosts who've spent their time away focusing on their health."	Legit
Celebrity	Heartbroken Jennifer Aniston Runs For The Border To Adopt	Jennifer Aniston is looking to adopt a baby from south of the border - just weeks after The National ENQUIRER revealed her heartbreak over her estranged brother announcing that he was becoming a father yet again!	Fake
Celebrity	Justin Bieber Parties At Same Grammy Event As Ex Selena Gomez & The  eeknd	"Uh oh!  Justin Bieber, 22, decided to hit up Rihanna's post Grammys bash at 1Oak Feb. 12 to party with the rest of the music industry's biggest stars, and unfortunately for him that included his ex Selena Gomez, 24, and her new boyfriend The  eeknd, 26. As we told you EXCLUSIVELY, the pair couldn't keep their hands to themselves, packing on plenty of PDA while seated in a VIP booth and that apparently didn't sit well with the Biebs. He showed up at the party briefly, then turned around and high-tailed it out of there shortly after arriving. A source tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY that, ""He was there for a hot second...not very long at all! He left almost immediately!"""	Fake
Celebrity	Billy Bush's wife is 'furious' at him after Trump interview leak	Billy Bush may have just posted a new selfie with his wife, but rumors are swirling that all is not well back in their California paradise.	Fake
Celebrity	Celine Dion's Heart- renching Performance of 'My Heart  ill Go On' at 2017 Music Awards:  atch	"Celine Dion marked the 20th anniversary of her heart-wrenching love song, ""My Heart  ill Go On,"" by performing from inside a mile-high chandelier that hung from the venue's ceiling at Sunday night's (May 21) 2017 Billboard Music Awards. As it elevated, so did Dion's vocals. "	Legit
Celebrity	How Janet Jackson lost 70 pounds	The 51-year-old new mom is sporting a sleek physique that her trainer says she accomplished without putting in massive hours of cardio, reportedly shedding 70 pounds.	Legit
Celebrity	George, Amal Clooney donate $1M to Southern Poverty Law Center to combat hate groups	If money talks, George and Amal Clooney made it shout Tuesday, by donating $1 million to the Southern Poverty Law Center to help fight hate groups in the wake of tragedy and violence in Charlottesville, Va.	Legit
Celebrity	GIRL ABOUT TO N: Victoria Beckham is preparing for a fifth baby	Victoria Beckham, right, is preparing for a fifth baby with husband David, according to sources close to her best friend, Tana Ramsay.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Opens Up to About Life After the Paris Robbery	This morning, Kim Kardashian  est is a few minutes late to breakfast because she can’t get this gel-mask thing off her face. She’s staying in a room in the upper reaches of the Baccarat Hotel in midtown Manhattan. A room with a giant bed in it, in which she slept, butt to butt, with her four-year-old daughter, North. And in that room she applied a mask — of the cosmetic variety, not the Halloween variety — only to discover she couldn’t really get it off.  here did she get this gold gel-mask thing that’s supposed to make your skin healthier? Man, when you’re Kim Kardashian  est, you don’t know where everything comes from. People just give you stuff. The vaults and doors and express-delivery accounts of the world open and a free flow of stuff just washes over you. Kim tries to enjoy it, because that’s the enlightened thing to do. But right now she’s upstairs in her room trying to separate her face from the free gel-mask thing.	Legit
Celebrity	Jim Carrey Says He Has Sailed a 'River of Sorrow' in Emotional Stage Appearance	The 55-year-old comedian stopped by documentarian and activist Michael Moore‘s Broadway show The Terms of My Surrender on Thursday night for a candid conversation about the current political climate in the wake of president Donald Trump‘s election.	Legit
Celebrity	Jay-Z: 'Jesus Is Fake News; Lucifer Is  ay Of Truth And Light'	“Jesus Christ is the original fake news,” according to Jay-Z, who claims “Jesus never walked the earth, y’all being played” and “the idea of Jesus is just a tool used by smart people to control dumb people.”	Fake
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson: 'Twilight's the hardest part I've done'	He made his name as teenage vampire heart-throb Edward Cullen in Twilight. Then his turbulent romance with co‑star Kristen Stewart dominated the world's gossip columns. Now Robert Pattinson is older, wiser and shedding his Hollywood pretty-boy image. He talks about his new role in David Michôd's dystopian outback western The Rover 	Legit
Celebrity	Amber Heard Shares Picture From Aquaman Set	Right after filming for Aquaman got underway in Australia, we got our first look as actress Amber Heard as Mera. Now Heard has taken to Twitter to share a picture of herself with Jason Momoa — the actor behind the film's titular role — and director James  an.	Legit
Celebrity	Tragic Gwen Stefani Loses Hearing After Rupturing Eardrum	Pop songbird Gwen Stefani could end up deaf and wreck her fabulous singing career	Fake
Celebrity	Face Lift, Botox, Peels, Oh My! Ellen DeGeneres' Plastic Surgery Obsession Revealed	Ellen DeGeneres' obsession with staying forever young is written all over her face  – literally! In a new report from The National ENQUIRER, sources reveal that the down-to-earth talk show queen is really a plastic surgery junkie in disguise.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber Just Kissed at His Hockey Game	As The  eeknd reconnects with his ex, Bella Hadid, Selena Gomez continues her string of appearances with Justin Bieber. Last night, she supported the Canadian pop star at his hockey game in LA (for the second time). And the two took the PDA to the next level: they were spotted kissing at the rink.	Legit
Celebrity	Blake Shelton and Lindsey Sporrer Cheating on Miranda Lambert - Divorce Expected | Celeb Dirty Laundry	It looks like Miranda Lambert's absolute worst fear may be coming true. Judging from recent photos, Blake Shelton may really have found himself a younger, skinnier version of his standoffish wife! Blake decided to attend Usher's 35th birthday party and Miranda was nowhere to be found. It's almost like she goes out of her way to avoid Blake when he is around anyone that he works with and then throws it in his face that they're always apart! Anyway, on this particular night she was at home but don't think for a minute that Blake was lonely.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian explains why she won’t be voting for Trump after all	For a moment there, it seemed that Hillary Clinton had lost the Kim Kardashian vote.	Legit
Celebrity	Is Evian  ater The Secret Behind Cameron Diaz's Great Skin? Read more at: https://tr.im/207sZ	This is one of those rumors that is so ridiculous we wish it were true! Star magazine is reporting in their latest issue that A-list actress Cameron Diaz only uses bottled water to bathe.	Legit
Celebrity	Did Meek Mill Find Nicki Minaj In A Lesbian Tryst  ith Young M.A.?	Finding a story about Nicki Minaj and Meek Mill isn't exactly a stretch. Last year, Meek Mill's beef with Canadian rapper Drake kept us entertained for months, and Minaj is hardly low-profile. Over the past few years, Minaj has become known almost as well for her social media fights as for her music. As a result, celebrity watchers always seem to have an eye for the next Meek Mill and Nicki Minaj story. In recent weeks, most stories about Mill and Minaj have focused on whether or not hip-hop's power couple are still dating or not.	Fake
Celebrity	Mariah Carey, Manager Stella Bulochnikov Split	Mariah Carey and her manager of three years, Stella Bulochnikov, are no longer working together as manager and client, Variety has confirmed.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston, Diva? Actress Rumored To Be 'Unapproachable' On Set, Doesn't Socialize (REPORT)	"Could this former ""Friend"" be less than friendly in real life? Rumor has it that's the case."	Legit
Celebrity	Ellen DeGeneres Dines  ith Mystery Brunette Amid Divorce Rumors  ith Portia de Rossi	Ellen DeGeneres stepped out with a mystery brunette recently amid rumors of her impending divorce with wife Portia de Rossi. Photos of the TV host all smiles with the unknown woman only fuelled speculations of their separation.	Fake
Celebrity	Jake Gyllenhaal Is Not Here for Taylor Swift Questions	Left, by Mike Pont/ ireImage; Right, from GC Images, both from Getty Images.	Legit
Celebrity	"Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux Made One ""Massive Miscalculation""  hile Planning Their Secret  edding"	"Uncomfortable seating aside, it sounded as though Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux's secret wedding, this summer, went off without a hitch. Incredibly, details about the Malibu nuptials were not leaked to press. Jimmy Kimmel did a ""beautiful"" job ordaining the ceremony, finding the perfect balance between sweet and funny. Howard Stern gave a speech. And afterward, the newlyweds embarked on the fanciest group honeymoon of which we've ever heard. But on  ednesday, while promoting the new season of HBO's The Leftovers, Theroux revealed that the duo did make one ""massive miscalculation"" when planning the wedding."	Legit
Celebrity	Victoria Beckham finally addresses claims she's trying for her FIFTH baby at 42 with husband David	The famous couple, who live in London, already have three sons and a daughter	Legit
Celebrity	Sarah Jessica Parker Inherits Vogue Magazine Control From Anna  intour? | Celeb Dirty Laundry	There's only one Anna  intour, but there's only so long that she can run Vogue. Anna's now 64 years old, and while she's still got plenty of years to keep running Vogue, her reign isn't going to last forever. Eventually, she will have to find a successor, and according to a report from Radar Online, that successor will be Sarah Jessica Parker.	Fake
Celebrity	"Former Beatle Ringo Starr Claims the ""Real"" Paul McCartney Died in 1966 and  as Replaced by Look-Alike"	Beverly Hills| The former drummer of the Beatles, Ringo Starr, surprised the world this morning during an interview in his luxurious Californian residence, when he admitted that the 45-year old rumors about the alleged death of Paul McCartney in 1966 were actually true.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez teases Bye Bye Birdie, NBC's next live musical	NBC's live telecast of Hairspray is still underway, but Jennifer Lopez is already gearing up for the network's next big musical production, Bye Bye Birdie Live!	Legit
Celebrity		Axed! Jennifer Hudson  on’t Be Asked Back To 'The Voice' Over Nightmare Diva Behavior	Fake
Celebrity	Billy Bush officially sacked from NBC Today show after leaked lewd Donald Trump tape scandal	Bush was suspended at the morning show two days after contents of the 2005 tape were reported on October 7.	Legit
Celebrity	 hy Celine Dion and Cher hate each other	Cher wowed the crowd in a barely-there crystal encrusted outfit yesterday as she belted out ‘If I Could Turn Back Time’ and ‘Believe’ at the 2017 Billboard Music Awards.	Fake
Celebrity	Analysis | Kanye  est and how hip-hop tackles mental health	It's not totally clear what's going on with Kanye  est. The rapper, who was filmed delivering onstage rants during recent shows in California, on Monday canceled the remaining 21 dates in his Saint Pablo tour. Hours later, he was reportedly hospitalized for stress and exhaustion.	Legit
Celebrity	Liam Payne Just Dissed Harry Styles' Solo Music	Harry Styles' new music isn't for everyone, not even his former One Direction bandmate Liam Payne.	Fake
Celebrity	Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez excite fans	(CNN)Like love, hope springs eternal for Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez fans.	Legit
Celebrity	Iggy Azalea and Odell Beckham Jr.: Dating!	You might be surprised by the news that Odell Beckham Jr. and Iggy Azalea are dating, but if you stop and think about it for a moment, they actually make perfect sense as a couple.	Fake
Celebrity	Ben Affleck Has A New Fresh Face: BOTOX BEN	FRESHENED UP!?!? After a VERY ROUGH year, doctors say that it appears that Ben Affleck his face freshened up! The rumored help? Botox for his crow’s feet & fillers to soften the lines around his mouth.	Fake
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth End Engagement	It's officially over: Reps for both Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth confirm to PEOPLE exclusively that the engagement is off between the two stars.	Fake
Celebrity	FKA Twigs Looks Miserable  ith Robert Pattinson At Cannes Film Festival | Celeb Dirty Laundry	FKA Twigs and Robert Pattinson are reportedly going strong. The Twilight star and his fiancée attended the 2017 Cannes Film Festival this week. The couple didn’t look as happy as they are reported to be. It’s been months since fans have seen FKA Twigs and Robert Pattinson together.	Fake
Celebrity	Stop Right Now! The Spice Girls Might Be Planning A Reunion	There are certain things that people just shouldn't joke about. A potential Spice Girls reunion with all five members is one of them.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian and Kanye  est's Trial Separation Lasted for Six  eeks (EXCLUSIVE)	After suffering a breakdown at the end of 2016, Kanye  est has been keeping an extremely low profile. But what fans didn't know is that the rapper and his wife Kim Kardashian were going through a trial separation.	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye  est, No 'American Idol' For Me	No 'American Idol' For Me	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez & A-Rod  edding On The  ay? He  ants To Marry Her	"Is Jennifer Lopez, 47, the one for Alex Rodriguez, 41? His friends are reportedly starting to think so, according to E! News. ""All his friends can tell he really likes J.Lo [but] in the beginning they thought this may just be a fling,"" a source said. His ""friends are slowly thinking this may actually be a great match."" J-Lo and A-Rod definitely enjoyed their time together on Friday, Mar. 24 when they hung out at the ritzy Hotel Bel-Air."	Fake
Celebrity	Fergie says she and Josh Duhamel still 'great friends'	"Fergie says even though she and husband Josh Duhamel are splitting up, they're still ""great friends"" who love one another and their young son."	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie, Unbroken	“I never expect to be the one that everybody understands or likes,” Angelina Jolie says. “And that’s O.K., because I know who I am, and the kids know who I am.”	Legit
Celebrity	Prince Harry & Meghan Markle Moving In Together	"A close pal of the ""Suits"" star told The ENQUIRER that Meg is ""turning the palace upside down with her renovations"" - adding: ""She knows what she wants! Meghan's incredibly headstrong when it comes to her own tastes!"" The L.A. native is insisting on eco-friendly renovations, airy open rooms, neutral colors, large comfortable sofas and chairs, and modern glass and metal accessories. But the commoner's ""diva-like"" attitude is making some palace insiders cringe!"	Fake
Celebrity	Cover Story: Angelina Jolie Solo	There’s the Angelina Jolie who’s now a single mother—managing the day-to-day chaos of six kids, and the trauma of her split from Brad Pitt—and there’s the Angelina Jolie whose latest movie, a groundbreaking Netflix original about Cambodia’s genocide, is also a thank-you to the nation that transformed her. At her new L.A. mansion, Jolie reveals the tension between the two Angelinas and the reason her life will never be normal.	Legit
Celebrity	Blake Shelton Addresses Rumors On Twitter In The Best Possible  ay	Blake Shelton has had about enough of all the tabloid chatter regarding him and his wife, Miranda Lambert.	Legit
Celebrity	Allison  illiams’ top-secret wedding revealed	Allison  illiams is getting married on Saturday in a starry secret ceremony out west, Page Six can exclusively reveal.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift  ent to ''Great Lengths'' to Keep Her Romance Private	Although news has since broke that Taylor Swift is dating British actor Joe Alwyn, she really did try to keep it under wraps for as long as she possibly could.	Legit
Celebrity	Anna Faris Responds To Chris Pratt-Jennifer Lawrence Cheating Rumors As They Promote 'Passengers' On Her Birthday	"""Mom"" actress Anna Faris didn't want to let the tabloids get to her, but when rumors swirled last year about husband Chris Pratt cheated on her with ""Passengers"" co-star Jennifer Lawrence, she felt vulnerable."	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Lawrence recalls time she got drunk with Kris Jenner and stripped naked	Jennifer Lawrence had a blast filling in for Jimmy Kimmel on his late-night show Thursday.	Legit
Celebrity	Anderson Cooper on Kathy Griffin: 'I hope she bounces back'	Anderson Cooper has made it clear that he isn’t pleased with Kathy Griffin‘s controversial photo of Donald Trump, but the CNN anchor says he hopes his longtime friend can make a comeback after the headline-making ordeal.	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/taylor-swift-new-song-look-what-you-made-me-do-apparent-kanye-west-diss-w499090	Taylor Swift Releases Apparent Kanye  est Diss Song	Legit
Celebrity	https://www.vanityfair.com/style/2017/09/jim-carrey-roasts-fashion-week	Jim Carrey Attends Fashion  eek Party Just to Roast Fashion  eek Parties	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall & Kylie  ho? Caitlyn Jenner Jump-Starts Adoption Plans	RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that Caitlyn Jenner is actively exploring the adoption process in a desperate bid to fill the void caused by her strained relationship with her daughters, Kendall and Kylie.	Fake
Celebrity	Brad Pitt Is Running Back to Jen Aniston During His Divorce From Angelina Jolie (EXCLUSIVE)	As Angelina Jolie continues to twist the knife in Brad Pitt's heart amid their impending divorce, the 53-year-old actor is running back to his ex-wife Jennifer Aniston for support, In Touch has exclusively learned. A year after Angelina, 42, blindsided her husband of two years with divorce papers, the actress got candid with The New York Times, seemingly suggesting that her six children are better off without their father.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez & The  eeknd's Plans To Double Date  ith Jennifer Aniston & Justin Theroux	"The love advice Jennifer Aniston, 48, gave Selena Gomez, 24, certainly paid off! So how does the A-List star feel about her new beau The  eeknd, 26? ""Jen couldn't be more excited for Selena. She feels like if anyone deserves to be happy and find true love it's Selena,"" an insider tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY.  So sweet!"	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian and Kanye  est Seeking Charity Donations, Not Baby Gifts	No baby gifts here, please!	Legit
Celebrity	JLo Dumped By NBC After Terrible Ratings - EXCLUSIVE	JLo Dumped By NBC After Terrible Ratings – EXCLUSIVE	Fake
Celebrity	Is Prince Harry Headed To Yale?	NOT since Prince  illiam chose St Andrews as his alma mater has such fevered excitement existed on a university campus, but students hoping to end up sharing a dorm with a prince will have to look a little further afield this time as rumours emerge that Prince Harry is Yale-bound. The 31-year-old royal is thought to be considering Yale Law School in Connecticut as his next move after leaving the army, and the students are understandably excited	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie Threatens Brad Pitt: Don't Bring The Kids Around Jennifer Aniston	Although Angelina Jolie, 41, and Brad Pitt, 53, opted to make their legal docs involving their split completely private on Jan. 10, 2017, Angie's reportedly got a new demand to add to their split negotiations. She doesn't want Brad's reported new texting buddy, Jennifer Aniston, 48, anywhere near her kids, according to In Touch.	Fake
Celebrity	Ryan Seacrest & Girlfriend Shayna Taylor Step Out for a Good Cause	Ryan Seacrest brought his girlfriend Shayna Taylor out for a great cause last night!	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Holds Blue Ivy, Shows Off Baby Bump in Memorial Day Bikini Pic	Oh, baby! Beyoncé, who’s pregnant and expecting twins with husband Jay Z, took to Instagram on Memorial Day, Monday, May 29, to show off her baby bump in an adorable photo featuring their 5-year-old daughter, Blue Ivy.	Legit
Celebrity	Cheers? Sloppy Jessica Simpson & Eric Johnson Becoming Booze Moguls!	Jessica Simpson and Eric Johnson love their booze so much, they’re considering turning their passion into a new business venture, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.	Fake
Celebrity	Hollywood Film Awards: See what Angelina Jolie, Margot Robbie and more were wearing	The Hollywood Film Awards took place last night in Los Angeles, with Margot Robbie (pictured in Louis Vuitton), Angelina Jolie and Dakota Johnson among the glamorous guests.	Legit
Celebrity	Kanye  est -- 'Nervous Breakdown' ... Pushed Over Edge by Anniversary of Mom's Funeral	Pushed Over Edge by Anniversary of Mom's Funeral	Fake
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth wore wedding rings on 'SNL' — and now fans are convinced they got married	"The couple were in a ""Saturday Night Live"" sketch together. Saturday Night Live/YouTube"	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Jealous Of Kourtney’s Bikini Body:  orking Out Twice A Day To Compete	Kim Kardashian is green with envy over her sister’s bangin’ bikini bod. But instead of letting Kourtney Kardashian steal her shine, the OG sex symbol is going  on the attack. Here’s her EXCLUSIVE game plan to take back the spotlight!	Fake
Celebrity	Barack Obama ‘ ants To Cut Loose & Party’ Amid Divorce Rumors | #follownews	Now that he’s out of the  hite House and doesn’t have to keep up the sham image of a loving hubby, former President Barack Obama has kicked wife Michelle to the curb and has yanked off his wedding ring, a source claims.	Fake
Celebrity	Kelly Ripa and Megyn Kelly in a Ratings Battle Over 'Megyn Kelly Today' and 'Live  ith Kelly and Ryan'	Things are getting heated! Megyn Kelly Today and Live  ith Kelly and Ryan air during the same time slot (weekdays at 9 a.m.), so it's no surprise there's a ratings battle going on between hosts Megyn Kelly and Kelly Ripa right now!	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye  est  as Designing Looks For Melania Trump On Inauguration Day Before Breakdown	Kanye  est, 38, is the definition of a true workaholic. In addition to his busy Saint Pablo Tour which was just canceled, 'Ye was inspired to make his clothing pop like popcorn and was secretly putting together some designs for future First Lady Melania Trump, 46, to wear.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift Debuts a Bold Makeunder on Her Reputation Album Cover	Taylor Swift has officially returned. This morning, after a social media blackout followed closely by cryptic clips of a coiling, striking snake, Swift pulled back the curtain on her forthcoming album, Reputation —which expects a November 10 release, according to a subsequent frame—with a stark black and white beauty shot featuring a new take on her trademark beauty look.	Legit
Celebrity	Rosie O'Donnell Sells Her Star Island Mansion for $16.5 Million	2013-06-17T14:07:39-04:00	Legit
Celebrity	Aid worker claims Angelina Jolie adopted son Maddox using fake details	A Cambodian aid worker is making extraordinary claims about Angelina Jolie's 2003 adoption of eldest son Maddox Jolie-Pitt.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston's Diva Set Behavior -  on't Eat Lunch  ith The Cast, Luxury SUV And Private Trailer Miles Away!	Jennifer Aniston is an A-list movie star and RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that's exactly what she acts like on set.	Fake
Celebrity		क्या ड्रेक का नया एकल मतलब वह पहले से ही अपने सबसे हालिया एल्बम के साथ किया है?	Legit
Celebrity	एंजेलीना जोली अमल अलामुद्दीन: यह आ गया है	हेन जॉर्ज और अमल क्लूनी ने दूसरी बार 25 अक्टूबर को अपनी शादी का जश्न मनाया, एक बार फिर दो बहुत ध्यान देने वाले मेहमान गायब थे - ब्रैड पिट और एंजेलीना जोली कहीं नहीं दिख रहे थे	Fake
Celebrity	गोरे लोगों के लिए एक बात? ब्रैड पिट ith मार्गोट रोबी पर जाने के लिए तैयार है	"ब्रैड पिट वापस गोरों के लिए है? एंजेलीना जोली के साथ अपने विभाजन के तुरंत बाद, अफवाहों ने एलाइड अभिनेत्री मैरियन कोटिलार्ड के साथ पिट की सेट-केमिस्ट्री के बारे में चर्चा की। अपने लंबे करियर में अपने कई सह-कलाकारों से जुड़े, जिसमें उनके जल्द ही होने वाले भूतपूर्व होना भी शामिल है, कोई आश्चर्य नहीं कि जोली उन्हें गोरा धमाकेदार, मार्गोट रोबी के साथ काम करने के लिए उत्सुक नहीं थी। ओके रिपोर्ट्स के मुताबिक, ""उन्हें लगता है कि वह अभी हॉलीवुड की सबसे हॉट लड़की है।"" सूत्र के अनुसार, 41 वर्षीय अभिनेता और प्लान बी फिल्म्स के अध्यक्ष ने कई फिल्म परियोजनाओं के लिए उन्हें लुभाने की कोशिश की है। यह एंजी के साथ एक व्यथा विषय था जिसने उन्हें कुछ समय के लिए एक साथ काम करने से रोक दिया था। अब वह फिर से सिंगल है आप ब्रैड से जुनून के बाद जाने की उम्मीद कर सकते हैं। "" और उसे कौन दोषी ठहरा सकता है? 26 साल की ऑस्ट्रेलियाई सुंदरी को '' नई एंजेलिना जोली '' के रूप में जाना जाता है, जो सेलिब्रिटी पत्नियों के दिलों में डर पैदा करती है। बीमार स्मिथ सहित विवाहित अभिनेताओं के साथ ऑन-सेट केमिस्ट्री के लिए उसकी अपनी प्रतिष्ठा है। हॉट एंड हैवी सेक्स सीन्स और उनके फोटो की जगह कोरी ऑफ कैमरा लग रहे थे, स्मिथ को खुद ट्विटर पर अफवाहों को दूर करना था, ""यह निराशाजनक है कि सेट पर घूमने को संदर्भ से बाहर ले जाया जा सकता है।"""	Fake
Celebrity	टॉम हिडलस्टन ने नए एल्बम पर टेलर स्विफ्ट को देखा, जो यहाँ है	जो लोग स्विफ्ट के जीवन में थे या टेलर स्विफ्ट के जीवन में सबसे अधिक संभावना थी, उन्हें पता था कि उन्हें उनके एल्बम पर बुलाया जाएगा, टॉम हिडलेस्टन ने सोचा कि वह सुरक्षित हैं लेकिन, क्या उन्हें लगता है कि वे यहां हैं ...	Fake
Celebrity	जेनरस्टोन इतिहास में दोस्तों की पुनर्मिलन	"जेनिफर एनिस्टन फ्रेंड्स प्रशंसकों को बहुत खुश कर रही है। अभिनेत्री ने संकेत दिया कि वह हिट एनबीसी शो के पुनर्मिलन में दिखाई देने के लिए खुली होगी। एनिस्टन ने एक ब्रिटिश टॉक शो में कहा, ""केवल एक चीज जो मैं सोच सकता हूं कि वह एक थैंक्सगिविंग एपिसोड करने के लिए मज़ेदार है।"" हालाँकि, अरनर ब्रदर्स के एक प्रवक्ता, स्टूडियो ने फ्रेंड्स का निर्माण किया, ने न्यूयॉर्क पोस्ट को बताया कि फ्रेंड्स रीयूनियन शो के बारे में कोई प्रारंभिक चर्चा नहीं हुई है।"	Fake
Celebrity	लिंडसे लोहान: व्लादिमीर पुतिन के बाद स्टारलेट लस्टिंग	"लीलो ने अचानक ""क्रेमलिन क्रॉच"" पर अपनी ज्वलंत आँखों का उद्देश्य बताया कि वह पलंग पर है और वह कुख्यात सोवियत मज़बूत व्लादिमीर पुतिन को बताती है - और फिर आधिकारिक तौर पर ""रूस की राजकुमारी पूटी-तांग"" का ताज पहनाया जाएगा।"	Fake
Celebrity	साइंटोलॉजी शोडाउन केटी होम्स जेना एल्फमैन ने अजेवर्ड 'जीएमए' रन-इन में पकड़ा	एक बार, गुड मॉर्निंग अमेरिका में नाटक में रॉबिन रॉबर्ट्स और उनके नए कट्टर-दासता, माइकल स्ट्रहान शामिल नहीं थे।	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye est चींटियों काइली की तरह सौंदर्य प्रसाधन व्यवसाय में प्रवेश करती हैं	कान्ये एस्ट अपनी प्रसिद्ध भाभी के साथ सिर-से-सिर जाना चाहते हैं ... काइली जेनर के प्रभुत्व वाले कॉस्मेटिक बिज़ में पहले डाइविंग हेड।	Fake
Celebrity	डांसिंग विद द स्टार्स 2017 कास्ट में चारो, बोनर बोल्टन, हीदर मोरिस मोर शामिल हैं	"सितारों के साथ नृत्य पर हो? आइए जानें 2017 के नए डांसिंग विद द स्टार्स 2017 के कलाकारों की घोषणा गुड मॉर्निंग अमेरिका पर की गई थी। सीज़न 24 के प्रतियोगियों ने सीज़न प्रीमियर में शुरुआत की, जिसमें डांसिंग ऑफ़ द स्टार्स के 400 वें एपिसोड को भी चिन्हित किया गया। यह शो एबीसी पर MONDAYS 8 | 7c प्रसारित करता है। इस सीज़न की लाइनअप में बोनर बोल्टन, मिस्टर टी, ओलंपियन्स सिमोन बाइल्स और नैन्सी केरिगन, हीथर मॉरिस और मूल ""कूची-कूची"" लड़की चारो का नाम शामिल है। सीज़न 24 प्रीमियर से अद्भुत शुरुआती संख्या का आनंद लेने के बाद नीचे दिए गए सितारों के साथ पूर्ण नृत्य देखें"	Legit
Celebrity	कर्स्टन डंस्ट बताते हैं कि वह कान 2017 के लाल कालीन पर क्यों रो रही थी	कर्स्टन डंस्ट को इस साल के कान्स फिल्म फेस्टिवल में रहस्यमय तरीके से रेड कार्पेट पर रोते हुए देखा गया था, और अब ऐसा लगता है कि हमारे पास अचानक हुए विस्फोट का स्पष्टीकरण है।	Legit
Celebrity	बियॉन्से के गोद भराई के अंदर	जैसे आपको पता नहीं था कि बियॉन्से इसे बंद करने जा रहा था, जब यह उसके बच्चे को स्नान करने के लिए आया था।	Legit
Celebrity	प्रिंस - द ड्रग ओवरडोज़ के पीछे की सच्चाई	"द एनक्वायरर की रिपोर्ट के अनुसार, प्रिंस को एचआईवी का पता चला था, जो वायरस एड्स का कारण बनता है, 1990 के दशक में। सूत्रों ने कहा कि यहोवा की आस्था ने उसके विश्वास के कारण दवाओं के साथ घातक बीमारी से लड़ने के लिए नहीं चुना, ""भगवान मुझे बचाएगा"" छह महीने पहले, उन्हें डॉक्टरों द्वारा बताया गया था कि उन्हें पूर्ण विकसित एड्स था और जीने के लिए सिर्फ छह महीने थे, सूत्रों ने कहा। ""एनकवायरर ने एक अंदरूनी सूत्र ने बताया,"" वह दर्द को नहीं ले सकता था जो बीमारी उसके अंतिम चरण में पैदा कर रही थी। ""और वह केवल धीरे-धीरे बर्बाद नहीं करना चाहता था"""	Fake
Celebrity	हॉलीवुड में शगुन पर ब्लेक लाइवली, निर्देशन और संभावित 'गॉसिप गर्ल' रीयूनियन	"वैराइटी की शक्ति शगुन सम्मान में से एक के रूप में, ब्लेक लाइवली चाइल्ड रेस्क्यू गठबंधन के समर्थन में शुक्रवार को दोपहर के भोजन में भाग लेंगे। इस हफ्ते के अंक के लिए, अभिनेत्री ने हॉलीवुड में महिलाओं के बारे में बात की, ""गॉसिप गर्ल"" के लिए न्यूयॉर्क में शूटिंग की और एक भूमिका में क्या देखा।"	Legit
Celebrity	निकोल किडमैन अंत में बोटॉक्स के लिए स्वीकार करता है	जहां तक हम बता सकते हैं, बोटॉक्स सेलिब्रिटी दोषी सुखों की सूची में सबसे ऊपर है: हर कोई इसे करता है, लेकिन कोई भी इसके बारे में बात नहीं करता है। सिवाय निकोल किडमैन के, जो है।	Legit
Celebrity	टॉम क्रूज ने अजीब तरह से बेटी सूरी के बारे में सवाल उठाया	टॉम क्रूज़ ने कल रात मम्मी के प्रीमियर पर बेटी सूरी के बारे में विनम्रता से एक सवाल का जवाब दिया, लेकिन इस जवाब के बारे में विस्तार से बताने के लिए वह सहज नहीं दिखे।	Legit
Celebrity	हाँ, किम कार्दशियन और कान्य स्थापन एक साइनअप पर हस्ताक्षर कर रहे हैं, लेकिन लगता है कि यह अधिक है	तथ्य यह है कि किम कार्दशियन और कान्ये ने एक पूर्व-समझौता समझौते पर हस्ताक्षर करने की योजना बनाई है, शायद बहुतों के लिए आश्चर्य की बात नहीं होगी, लेकिन हाल ही में दावा किया गया है कि कौन अधिक योग्य होगा।	Legit
Celebrity	कैटिलिन जेनर: उसके चारों ओर झूठी अफवाहें, उसके तनावपूर्ण पारिवारिक संबंध और उसके स्पष्ट संस्मरण यहाँ पर पढ़ें -	रडारऑनलाइन ने कैटिलिन के बारे में एक कहानी प्रकाशित की जिसमें दावा किया गया था कि ट्रांसजेंडर रियलिटी टीवी स्टार और पूर्व डिकैथलेट अपनी कामुकता का पता लगाने के लिए ऑनलाइन जा रहे हैं और कई गुप्त 'साइबर हुकअप्स' का आनंद ले रहे हैं। कहानी में the हुकअप ’की परिभाषा स्पष्ट नहीं की गई है। लेकिन रिपोर्ट में कहा गया है कि ग्राहकों के साथ किसी भी ऑफ़लाइन बातचीत के बिना कैटलिन जेनर ऑनलाइन रोमांस में हैं। टैब्लॉइड ने एक अंदरूनी सूत्र के हवाले से कहा है:	Legit
Celebrity	एक्वामन अभिनेत्रियों निकोल किडमैन और एम्बर हर्ड ने डीसी फिल्म के सेट पर झगड़ा किया?	जेम्स ने पिछले महीने ऑस्ट्रेलिया में एक्वामैन के लिए फिल्मांकन शुरू किया था। हाइल जेसन मोमोआ और मेरा अभिनेत्री एम्बर हर्ड ने पहले ही एक साथ अपना पहला दृश्य शूट किया है, रानी एटलाना अभिनेत्री निकोल किडमैन कुछ दिनों पहले पहुंची थी। उसके उतरने के बाद, सेट पर कथित तौर पर झगड़े हुए हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	चेल्सी हैंडलर सोचता है कि 'यह पागल है' लोगों को लगता है कि जेनिफर एनिस्टन को एंजेलीना जोली और ब्रैड पिट के बीच टोपी के बारे में परवाह है	कम से कम चेल्सी हैंडलर और बेस्टी जेनिफर एनिस्टन के लिए हॉलीवुड में अफवाहों का मुकाबला करने की बात आती है, तो हँसी सबसे अच्छी दवा है।	Legit
Celebrity	चेल्सी हैंडलर बेन एफ्लेक के बारे में कहने के लिए कुछ भी अच्छा नहीं है (EXCLUSIVE)	Hoes on bros जाहिर तौर पर, कॉमेडियन चेल्सी हैंडलर उस मंत्र को दिल से लगा लेती है क्योंकि वह अपने सबसे अच्छे दोस्त, जेनिफर गार्नर के पूर्व, बेन एफ्लेक में आंसू बहाने के लिए तैयार है। 42-वर्षीय बेन / जेन विभाजित में 100 प्रतिशत टीमजेन है - और ईमानदारी से, क्या आप उसे दोष दे सकते हैं? टच में अर्गो स्टार के लिए चेल्सी के पास वास्तव में क्या है, इस पर अनन्य स्कूप है।	Fake
Celebrity	ऑस्कर: मेल गिब्सन, केसी एफ्लेक और हॉलीवुड की स्लाइडिंग स्केल ऑफ मॉरल पनिशमेंट	"एस्टा ला में लैंडमार्क थियेटरों के पुरुषों का टॉयलेट उतना ही अच्छा है जितना कि ऑस्कर मतदाताओं की सच्ची भावनाओं को समझने के लिए। कुछ शनिवार को हक्सॉ रिज के एक प्रदर्शन के बाद, मैंने खुद को दो सज्जनों के बगल में हाथ धोते हुए पाया - दोनों लगभग 63 वर्ष के थे, अकादमी के सदस्यों की औसत आयु, कुंग फू पांडा 2 टोपी (एक तरह की टोपी) पहने हुए एक बड़ा आदमी तब तक नहीं पहनता जब तक कि उसने फिल्म पर काम नहीं किया) यह चर्चा करते हुए कि उन्होंने अभी क्या देखा था। ""उस आदमी को पसंद नहीं करना चाहता था, लेकिन ..."", पहले आदमी ने कहा, पीछे चल रहा है। ""लेकिन मेल निर्देशित कर सकते हैं,"" दोस्त ने समाप्त कर दिया।"	Legit
Celebrity	'डी टीएस' के झगड़े की अफवाहों के बीच वैनेसा लाची ने चुप्पी तोड़ी	यह डांसिंग जोड़ी उनकी लय को खोजने की कोशिश कर रही है।	Legit
Celebrity	जॉर्ज क्लूनी का 220 एम का संपादन आपदा - प्रेनुप फुड, अतिथि सूची फ़्लब प्लानर छोड़ो	मंगेतर अमल अलामुद्दीन के लिए जॉर्ज क्लूनी की आगामी नृशंस तबाही हो रही है - एक दंपति दंपति पर बहस कर रहा है, एक अतिथि सूची के झगड़े के बारे में चिंता करता है और उनके वेडिंग प्लानर छोड़ने के बारे में सोचते हैं - और युगल भी इसे नीचे नहीं कर सकते हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन ने अपने सरोगेट से बात की	वह सरोगेट के माध्यम से अपने तीसरे बच्चे की उम्मीद कर रही है।	Fake
Celebrity	जेनेट जैक्सन की सीक्रेट प्लास्टिक सर्जरी	जेनेट जैक्सन लंबी बांहों और दस्ताने के नीचे अपनी मुरझाई हुई बूढ़ी महिला के हाथों को छिपाते हुए थक गई है - इसलिए अब वह उन्हें एक मेकओवर दे रही है	Fake
Celebrity	नए पिता रयान गोस्लिंग ने सिगरेट पर कश लगाया क्योंकि उन्होंने नई फिल्म द नाइस गाईस की फिल्में कीं	रायन गोस्लिंग ने कल अटलांटा में अपनी नई फिल्म 'द नाइस गाईज़' के सेट पर [AKM-GSI]	Legit
Celebrity	सोशल मीडिया ने सेरेना इलियट के संपादन में किम कार्दशियन को नो-फोन नियम की अनदेखी करने के लिए उकसाया	एक अंदरूनी सूत्र ने हमें बताया कि एक दाई ने रियलिटी टीवी स्टार का अनुसरण किया ताकि यह सुनिश्चित हो सके कि वह नियमों का सम्मान करती है। सेरेना इलियट और एलेक्सिस ओहानियन की शादी निश्चित रूप से याद रखने वाली थी, और किम कार्दशियन भी थीं। लेकिन जैसा कि हमने सीखा है, कीपिंग अप विद द कार्दशियन सेलेब को सोशल मीडिया से बहुत लंबे समय तक दूर रहने में परेशानी होती है।	Fake
Celebrity	एमी पर उसके एलेक्जेंडर स्कार्सगार्ड चुंबन पर एक टिप्पणी के माध्यम से निकोल किडमैन Charmingly bungles	"आह, निकोल किडमैन और कीथ अर्बन। वह, एक ऑस्ट्रेलियाई फिल्म स्थिरता ने एक बार हॉलीवुड के प्रमुख व्यक्ति से शादी की। वह, नैशविले दिल के साथ एक ऑस्ट्रेलियाई देश के गायक। साथ में वे एक द्वि-तटीय, द्वि-देश, द्वि-महाद्वीप शक्ति युगल हैं। आगे बढ़ें, उन्हें किसी भी रेड कार्पेट पर एक साथ चलते हुए देखें और बिना रुके रहने की कोशिश करें। वे दो आकर्षण कारखानों जो विशिष्ट बाल विकल्प बनाने के लिए आप कोई मौका नहीं के कारण है कि जब वह होठों पर उसकी बिजली बिग लिटिल झूठ भूमिका के लिए सर्वश्रेष्ठ अभिनेत्री जीता है, और चूमा अपने टीवी पति, बहुत लंबा एलेक्जेंडर स्कार्सगार्ड, जबकि उसकी वास्तविक पति देखा कि है प्यार से, हर कोई, ""टोपी की तरह था? है ना? होठो पर?"""	Legit
Celebrity	ए.टी.सी.	"""मैं सिर्फ एक बच्चे को दुनिया में सबसे बड़ा उपहार होने पर विचार करता हूं,"" डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प की पूर्व पत्नी एक नृत्य में सितारों की पूर्वावलोकन क्लिप के साथ विशेष रूप से कहती है। ""हर एक पल, अच्छा, चुनौतीपूर्ण, हर्षित, दर्दनाक, यह सब बहुत महत्वपूर्ण है।"""	Legit
Celebrity	'फिफ्टी शेड्स डार्कर' अपडेट: जेमी डॉर्नन, डकोटा जॉनसन सेट पर झगड़े के बाद अलग हो गए; फिल्म की रिलीज में देरी?	पचास सदस्य शेड्स डार्कर अब कलाकारों के सदस्यों जेमी डॉर्नन और डकोटा जॉनसन के बीच कथित झगड़े के कारण परेशानी में पड़ सकते हैं।	Fake
Celebrity		काइली 'फ्यूमिंग' ओवर 'कोपेकैट' सिस्टर किम का परफ्यूम लॉन्च	Fake
Celebrity	क्या मैडोना चींटी सैन्य स्कूल में विद्रोही रोक्को भेजने के लिए?	मडोना के बेटे रोक्को ने अपने पिता के घर के लिए जो कारण बताया वह स्पष्ट हो रहा है। ऐसा लगता है कि मैडोना घर पर थोड़ा अधिक सख्त है, जिसकी कोई कल्पना नहीं करेगा, और वह बेटे रोक्को को सैन्य स्कूल भेजना चाहती है। 15 वर्षीय रोक्को रिची जाना नहीं चाहता है, और मैडोना के साथ दौरे पर, वह अपने पिता के साथ रहने के लिए भाग गया।	Fake
Celebrity	टायगा ने काइली जेनर ब्रेकअप के बारे में खुलासा किया	बिग बॉय टीवी के साथ एक नए साक्षात्कार में, टायगा-काइली जेनर के साथ अपने विभाजन से एक महीने पहले, युगल के निधन के कारण के बारे में नई जानकारी सामने आई।	Legit
Celebrity	ट्रामाटिक पेरिस रॉबरी के बाद ज्वैलरी के लिए किम कार्दशियन	भले ही यह तब से थोड़ी देर हो चुकी है और हम सभी को लगता है कि रियलिटी टीवी स्टार बहुत बेहतर था, ऐसा लगता है कि पेरिस डकैती की भयावहता अभी भी किम कार्दशियन के दिमाग में है।	Fake
Celebrity	क्रिश जेनर को कार्दशियन की भावी पीढ़ियों के लिए चिंतित है	क्रिश जेनर, छह की माँ और छह से अधिक दादी, एक व्यस्त मैट्रिच है। 2007 में उसके परिवार के रियलिटी शो की शुरुआत के बाद से, यह स्पष्ट है कि वह एक नजर रियलिटी-टीवी सर्कस पर प्रशिक्षित कर रही है और दूसरी यह कि सर्कस उसके परिवार को कैसे प्रभावित करता है। हॉलीवुड रिपोर्टर के साथ एक नए रियलिटी-टीवी राउंडटेबल के दौरान, जेनर ने कहा कि वह इस बात की चिंता करती है कि उसके छह पोते परिवार के व्यवसाय से कैसे प्रभावित होंगे।	Legit
Celebrity	जस्टिन बीबर ने पीक इथ कान्य एस्ट में 'टेलर स्विफ्ट हैट अप' लिखा है	"अभी तक यह सुनिश्चित नहीं है कि इसका क्या मतलब है, लेकिन मंगलवार की सुबह (अगस्त 2) जस्टिन बीबर ने 85,000 से अधिक टिप्पणियों में केवल छह घंटे के लिए राउंड में खुद को स्नैप करने के लिए जॉन लेनन-शैली के धूप का चश्मा का सामना किया, जिसमें डेन के अलावा कोई नहीं था लेकिन यह कैप्शन है जिसमें इंटरनेट का अनुमान लगाया गया है: ""टेलर स्विफ्ट व्हाट्स अप,"" बीबर ने लिखा।"	Legit
Celebrity	'सेकेंड एक्ट' कास्ट स्टार्स मिलो वेन्टिमिग्लिया जेनिफर लोपेज कोई भी उनके भावनाओं को नियंत्रित नहीं कर सकता है	अब तक के सबसे हॉट फिल्मी जोड़ों में से एक के लिए तैयार हो जाइए ... और यह बहुत अप्रत्याशित है, टीवी हार्टथ्रोब मिलो मिलोन्तिगलिया ने जेनिफर लोपेज की आने वाली रोमांटिक कॉमेडी, दूसरा एक्ट पर साइन किया है, और ऐसा लगता है कि हम कुछ चिंगारी देखने जा रहे हैं उनके बीच उड़ो। वेरो के अनुसार, नई फिल्म में जे। लो के बॉयफ्रेंड की भूमिका में मिलानो वेन्टिमिग्लिया निभाएंगे, और कास्टिंग की खबर से दोनों सितारों के प्रशंसक हिल गए।	Legit
Celebrity	केविन हार्ट ने इफिको पैरिश को माफी के लिए कहा, 250000 पुश गिफ्ट	"केविन हार्ट खुद से कह रहा है - 250,000 उपहार की तरह ""मैं आपको धोखा देने और आपको अपमानित करने के लिए माफी चाहता हूं"" कुछ भी नहीं कहता।"	Fake
Celebrity	क्रिस प्रैट Snubs जस्टिन बीबर दोस्ती	क्या एक साथ प्रार्थना करने वाले सितारे एक साथ खेलते हैं? नहीं तो वे जस्टिन बीबर और क्रिस प्रैट हैं	Fake
Celebrity	लिआह रिमिनी जेनिफर लोपेज और साइंटोलॉजी कनेक्शन के बारे में अपनी दोस्ती के बारे में जानती है	जेनिफर लोपेज और पूर्व-साइंटोलॉजिस्ट लीह रेमिनी सबसे अच्छे दोस्त हैं। वे कई वर्षों से एक-दूसरे को जानते हैं और बहुत कुछ कर चुके हैं। आओ, उनकी दोस्ती किस माध्यम से बुनी जाती है। यह हमेशा लगता है कि लिआह केवल एक चर्च ऑफ साइंटोलॉजी कनेक्शन के साथ था, लेकिन ऐसा नहीं है।	Fake
Celebrity	प्रिंस इलियम केट सीजन के पहले रॉयल गार्डन पार्टी में भाग लेते हैं	ith गर्म मौसम में एक चीज आती है: बगीचे की पार्टियां	Legit
Celebrity	कैमेरॉन डिएज़	संक्षिप्त विवरण	Fake
Celebrity	केविन हार्ट और ife Eniko Parrish ने शेयर की बेबी केंजो की प्यारी तस्वीरें	केविन हार्ट और पत्नी एनिको पैरिश ने अपने नवजात शिशु, केंज़ो काश हार्ट की एक प्यारी तस्वीर साझा की, और माता-पिता ने मदद नहीं की	Legit
Celebrity	सबसे बड़ी कोस्टार फ्यूड्स एंड फाइट्स एवर	कोस्टार संघर्ष हिले सेलेब पेशेवर रहते हैं जब कैमरे रोलिंग कर रहे होते हैं, पर्दे के पीछे कैटफाइट्स, रोना और आंखों को लुढ़कना होता है। एक हिट टीवी शो के कई सीज़न या एक फिल्म के लिए कुछ महीनों के लिए उन्हें एक साथ काम करने के लिए मजबूर किया गया था, इन सितारों को बस साथ नहीं मिल सकता था।	Fake
Celebrity	कैटिलिन जेनर: रॉबर्ट कार्दशियन ने ओजे सिम्पसन गिल्टी ऑफ मर्डर को माना	"कैटिलिन जेनर के आगामी संस्मरण, द सीक्रेट्स ऑफ माय लाइफ, को एक पुस्तक के रूप में प्रस्तुत किया गया है जिसमें वह ""अपने अतीत को दर्शाती है क्योंकि वह अपने भविष्य को देखती है।"" ढेर वह कई विषयों पर छूती है, जैसे कि उसकी ओलंपिक विजय और तीन असफल विवाह, रहस्योद्घाटन कि रॉबर्ट कार्दशियन ने कथित तौर पर उसे बताया कि वह मानता है कि ओजे सिम्पसन निकोल ब्राउन सिम्पसन की हत्या का दोषी था और रोनाल्ड गोल्डमैन लहरें बना रहा है।"	Legit
Celebrity	दावों ऐनी हैथवे ने चैरिटी इवेंट में 'दिवा' की मांग की	ANNE हैथवे पर इस महीने के शुरू में सांता मोनिका में एक कैंसर चैरिटी कार्यक्रम से पहले दिवा की तरह काम करने और मांगों की एक लंबी सूची प्रस्तुत करने का आरोप लगाया गया है।	Fake
Celebrity	कुछ समय पहले ही टेलर स्विफ्ट को VMA से बैन कर दिया जाता है	27 अगस्त, 2016: यदि आप सोच रहे थे कि संगीत में सबसे महत्वपूर्ण व्यक्ति कौन है - यह BEYONCE है। इस सप्ताह की शुरुआत में यह घोषणा की गई थी कि टेलर स्विफ्ट इस साल के VMA अवार्ड्स में प्रदर्शन नहीं करेगी। रिपोर्ट्स के अनुसार ell यह बियॉन्से था जिसे टेलर ने प्रतिबंधित कर दिया था।	Fake
Celebrity	आशावादी काइली जेनर छुपाने में एक 'इमोशनल रेक' है, स्रोत से पता चलता है - 'वह अकेले महसूस करती है'	टोपी से भी बदतर यह है कि उसकी एकमात्र वास्तविक मदद, मातृसत्तात्मक क्रिस जेनर के पास वास्तव में अपनी सबसे छोटी बेटी के नाटक से निपटने का समय नहीं है। नई रिपोर्ट्स के मुताबिक, अपनी प्रेग्नेंसी को लपेटे में रखने का तनाव 20 साल की काइली जेनर पर भारी पड़ रहा है।	Fake
Celebrity	फिफ्टी शेड्स डार्क न्यूज: जेमी डॉर्नन ने डकोटा जॉनसन की 'अजीबता' के पीछे TRUTH का खुलासा किया	फिफ्टी शेड्स डार्कर स्टार जेमी डोर्नन ने खुलासा किया है कि सह-कलाकार डकोटा जॉनसन के साथ उनका रिश्ता वास्तव में कैसा है - पहली फिल्म को स्वीकार करते हुए वह बहुत दुखी थी।	Legit
Celebrity	Hoopi Goldberg New Host Rosie O'Donnell ar - 'द व्यू' पर तनाव, बैठने की व्यवस्था पर लड़ना	ith में केवल कुछ हफ़्ते तक ही देखने को मिलता है जब तक कि हूपी गोल्डबर्ग और रोज़ी ओडोनेल के साथ प्रीमियर नहीं होता, RadarOnline.com को विशेष रूप से पता चला है कि सेट पर, दो दिवा पहले से ही एक स्टैंड-अप पर हैं जो मॉडरेटर सीट प्राप्त करेंगे।	Fake
Celebrity	रॉबर्ट पैटिनसन और एफकेए टिग्स ने कान्स को हिस-एंड-हर्स डायर में ले लिया	रॉबर्ट पैटिनसन और एफकेए टिग्स शायद ही कभी शैली के पारंपरिक नियमों का पालन करते हैं, और जब यह जोड़ी कान को हिट करने का समय था, तो उन्होंने लाल कालीन को एक साहसी युगल का क्षण दिया। पैटिंसन की नवीनतम फिल्म, गुड टाइम के प्रीमियर पर अपने-और-डायर पर कान लगाते हुए, उन्होंने स्टॉराइड फ्रेंच ब्रांड के दो पहलू दिखाए, पैटिंसन के साथ, लेबल का एक चेहरा, एक डैपर थ्री-पीस डायमे हॉमे ब्लैक सूट में क्लासिक जा रहा है और पोस्टकार्ड प्रिंटेड ड्रेस में दुस्साहस के लिए टहनियाँ।	Legit
Celebrity	क्रिस प्रैट और एना फ़ारिस निश्चित रूप से एक थिएटर बच्चे का पालन-पोषण कर रहे हैं	क्रिस प्रैट और अन्ना फारिस का चार साल का बेटा, जैक, जो अनिवार्य रूप से एक इमर्सिव-थिएटर क्लास है, में बड़ा हो रहा है। हेन प्रैट ने शुक्रवार को अपने टॉक शो में एलेन डीजेनर्स से बात की, उन्होंने कहा कि वह और फारिस, दोनों पेशेवर कलाकार, पेरेंटिंग, विशेष रूप से कहानी समय, को बहुत गंभीरता से लेते हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	कंबोडिया पर एंजेलिना जोली 'जागृति'	"एंजेलिना जोली ने कहा है कि कैसे कंबोडिया उनकी ""जागृति"" थी, क्योंकि उन्होंने देश में अपनी नई फिल्म का प्रीमियर किया था।"	Legit
Celebrity		गर्भवती काइली जेनर 'चेंजिंग बॉडी' के बारे में 'सेल्फ कॉन्शियस' कहती हैं	Fake
Celebrity	2015 डेटाइम एमी अवार्ड्स: बेटी हाईट, एलेन डीजेनर्स मोर इननर्स	उठो और टीवी प्रेमियों को चमकाओ यह दिन में सबसे अच्छा जश्न मनाने का समय है।	Legit
Celebrity	ईएसपीवाईएस भाषण के लिए लावर्ने कॉक्स और रॉब लोव ने कैटेलिन जेनर की सराहना की	LAVERNE COX, ROB LO E और RUSSELL SIMMONS सहित हस्तियों ने सोशल मीडिया पर CAITLYN जेनर को ईएसपीवाईएस पर अपने शक्तिशाली स्वीकृति भाषण के लिए बधाई देने के लिए ले लिया है (15 अगस्त 15)।	Legit
Celebrity	बेयॉन्से हिलेरी क्लिंटन से सरप्राइज विजिट करता है	हिलेरी क्लिंटन ने हाल ही में रानी ... Bey, यानी की एक यात्रा का भुगतान किया	Fake
Celebrity	"लियोनार्डो डिकैप्रियो ने ""साल्वेटर मुंडी,"" 100 मिलियन दा विंची में अभिनय करने का भी आनंद लिया"	"एक ही पार्टी में लियोनार्डो डिकैप्रियो, पैटी स्मिथ, एलेक्स रोड्रिगेज और जेनिफर लोपेज को खोजने की उम्मीद नहीं की जा सकती है (ठीक है, पिछले दो, शायद), लेकिन इस सप्ताह के अंत में, चारों एक नीलामी पूर्वावलोकन के अनुमानित 4,500 उपस्थितियों में से थे। क्रिस्टी की। वहां, उन्हें ""साल्वाटर मुंडी,"" पर दृष्टि पाने का मौका मिला, लियोनार्डो दा विंची पेंटिंग ने पहले सोचा था कि इसे ""द लास्ट विंसी"" के रूप में देखा जा रहा है, जो आज रात इसकी नीलामी के लिए अग्रणी है।"	Legit
Celebrity	क्या टॉम हिडलेस्टन की 'शर्मनाक' रोमांस ith टेलर स्विफ्ट कॉस्ट हिम ए जॉब?	"Yikes, टॉम Hiddleston और टेलर स्विफ्ट के रोमांस (शोमास?) वास्तव में प्रभाव नहीं है कि उनकी पीआर टीमों के लिए आशा व्यक्त की थी, टॉम कथित तौर पर ""शर्मनाक"" प्रदर्शन के कारण एक बड़ा अनुबंध खोने के साथ।"	Fake
Celebrity	स्कारलेट जोहानसन के नए आदमी ने पुष्टि की है कि वे डेटिंग कर रहे हैं	HelloGiggles के संपादकों से	Legit
Celebrity	कैथी ग्रिफिन की भविष्यवाणी से करियर खत्म	घिसे-पिटे कॉमेडियन कैथी ग्रिफिन का कहना है कि वह डोनाल्ड ट्रंप से डरने वाले नहीं हैं और उनका मजाक उड़ाने की योजना है लेकिन उन्होंने कहा कि उन्हें एक वीडियो के लिए खेद है जो उन्हें राष्ट्रपति के विच्छेदित, खूनी सिर की समानता को दर्शाता है।	Legit
Celebrity	रीनिंग सेलेना गोमेज़ और ऑरलैंडो ब्लूम का बदला लेने के लिए मिरांडा केर और जस्टिन बीबर ईर्ष्या कर रहे हैं?	यह सप्ताहांत पहली बार नहीं था जब हमने सेलेना गोमेज़ और ऑरलैंडो ब्लूम को एक साथ देखा था, तो क्या आप हमें अटकलों के लिए दोषी ठहरा सकते हैं ???	Fake
Celebrity	केविन हार्ट और एनिको पैरिश बेबी का स्वागत करते हैं	कॉमेडियन ने मंगलवार को ट्वीट किया कि उनकी पत्नी एनिको पैरिश ने उनके बेटे को जन्म दिया है।	Legit
Celebrity	रॉबर्ट पैटिंसन आखिरकार सफल फिल्म है - ट्वाइलाइट कर्स ओवर? | सेलेब डर्टी लॉन्ड्री	"रॉबर्ट पैटिनसन को उनकी आने वाली फिल्म ""गुड टाइम"" की सफलता के साथ जोड़ा गया है। फिल्म का प्रीमियर कान्स फिल्म फेस्टिवल में हुआ और फिल्म और अभिनेता को छह मिनट का स्टैंडिंग ओवेशन मिला। रॉबर्ट के आस-पास भी ऑस्कर की चर्चा है, कुछ अटकलों के साथ कि वह एक सर्वश्रेष्ठ अभिनेता का नामांकन प्राप्त कर सकते हैं।"	Fake
Celebrity	एक और ग्रह पर जिम कैरी विदेशी सरीसृप नियम पृथ्वी	कॉमिक जिम कैरी गुपचुप तरीके से एक गुप्त साजिश के अनुयायी हैं जो मानते हैं कि विदेशी सरीसृप दुनिया को चलाते हैं यहां तक कि न्यूट्रीयर, डंब और डम्बर स्टार की योजना है कि वह नौकरी के लिए डेविड इके के विचित्र सिद्धांत के प्रति अपनी प्रतिबद्धता के साथ सार्वजनिक रूप से चले।	Fake
Celebrity	विक्टोरिया बेकहम की बड़ी फैशन गाइड: पॉश स्पाइस बुक टू राइटिंग ब्रिट्स टू ड्रेस कैसे	फैशन व्यवसाय में 10 साल का अंकन करने के लिए पॉश अगले वर्ष पुस्तक का विमोचन करने के लिए तैयार हैं। कहा जाता है कि स्पाइस गर्ल-डिजाइनर ने यूएस वोग के संपादक अन्ना इंटौर के साथ मिलकर काम किया है। यह जोड़ी हाल के वर्षों में करीबी दोस्त बन गई है, जिसमें इंटूर ने कहा कि गाइड के पीछे ड्राइविंग बल होना चाहिए।	Fake
Celebrity	मेगन जेम्स रॉब कार्दशियन डेटिंग अफवाहों पर बोलती है	"क्या रॉब कार्दशियन को बैड गर्ल्स क्लब में एक नया बूम मेगन जेम्स मिला है? मीडिया आउटलेट्स ने पिछले हफ्ते रिपोर्ट करना शुरू किया कि रॉब और मेगन अपने रिश्ते में ""शुरुआती दौर"" में थे, एक अनाम अंदरूनी सूत्र ने इन टच में बताया, ""रॉब मेहगन जेम्स को लगभग तीन महीने से देख रहा है, और अधिकांश कार्दशियन इसके बारे में बहुत उत्साहित हैं। क्योंकि मेहगन को नियंत्रण से बाहर और अस्थिर होने के लिए जाना जाता है। कार्दशियन चाहते हैं कि रॉब एक ऐसी महिला को खोजे जो दयालु और शांत हो। """	Legit
Celebrity	मिडलाइफ़ संकट के बीच क्या लियोनार्डो डिकैप्रियो प्रेम जीवन में रुचि खो रहे हैं?	टाइटैनिक स्टार के नाम को हाल ही में एक पत्रिका ने घसीटा है और दावा किया है कि 43 वर्षीय यह स्टार दिन-प्रतिदिन असामाजिक हो रहा है।	Fake
Celebrity	क्रिश जेनर ने काइली की प्रेग्नेंसी पर उसकी चुप्पी तोड़ दी	यदि आपको पहले से पता नहीं था कि काइली जेनर गर्भवती है, तो ठीक है, मैं सबसे पहले आपको बता दूं: काइली जेनर गर्भवती हैं	Legit
Celebrity	खट्टे नोट ज़ैन ने विनाशकारी युगल के लिए मजबूर किया टेलर	RadarOnline.com ने ज़ैन मलिक और टेलर स्विफ्ट की फिफ्टी शेड्स डार्कर युगल को केवल सुपरस्टार के साथ सहयोग करने के लिए मजबूर करने के बारे में सीखा है।	Fake
Celebrity	ब्रैड पिट हॉलीवुड की घटना पर मुस्कुराते हुए संघर्ष करने के लिए संघर्ष Custody लड़ाई कान उसे नीचे	अपनी पूर्व पत्नी एंजेलिना जोली के साथ लंबी अदालती लड़ाई के बाद, ब्रैड पिट ने शनिवार की रात को मालीबू में एक आराम और मुस्कुराते हुए आभा के साथ दिखाया।	Fake
Celebrity	"जूलिया रॉबर्ट्स और डैनी मोडर तलाक के लिए जिम्मेदार हो सकते हैं: ""समस्याएँ ऊपर रखें"""	कहो तो यह नहीं है	Fake
Celebrity	केंडल जेनर चींटियों को कार्दशियन कबीले से मुक्त करने के लिए	केंडल जेनर अपने प्रसिद्ध परिवार से आगे बढ़ने के लिए तैयार हैं। टच में विशेष रूप से पता चला है कि 18 वर्षीय मॉडल अपने करियर को आगे बढ़ाने के लिए कार्दशियन से बाहर चाहती है।	Fake
Celebrity	एरिक जॉनसन के जन्मदिन के लिए जेसिका सिम्पसन ने अपने बट को फ्लैश किया: Pic	जेसिका सिम्पसन ने अपने पति एरिक जॉनसन का 38 वां जन्मदिन 17 सितंबर, रविवार को इंस्टाग्राम पर एक श्रद्धांजलि साझा करके मनाया।	Legit
Celebrity	मेलानिया के शिविर ने अमेरिकी ईक्ली की 'अलग बिस्तर' रिपोर्ट का खंडन किया	मेलानिया ट्रम्प ने अपना कार्यकारी आदेश जारी किया है: उसने डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प के साथ एक बिस्तर साझा करने से इनकार कर दिया।	Legit
Celebrity	द एक्स फैक्टर के लिए बातचीत में मारिया केरी - रिपोर्ट	Mariah Carey द एक्स फैक्टर जजिंग पैनल में शामिल होने के लिए बातचीत कर रही है।	Legit
Celebrity	क्रिस हेम्सवर्थ, चार्लीज़ थेरोन के किड्स ने 'हंट्समैन' सेट पर एक साथ खेला	एक बहुत बढ़िया नाटककार क्रिस हेम्सवर्थ और चार्लीज़ थेरॉन ने खुलासा किया कि वे दोनों अपने बच्चों को काम पर ले आए, जब वे द हंट्समैन: इंटर की फिल्म कर रहे थे, और इसने सेट की गतिशीलता को पूरी तरह से बदल दिया।	Legit
Celebrity	जेनिफर एनिस्टन: आई एम नॉट ए 'सैड, चाइल्डलेस ह्यूमन'	जेनिफर एनिस्टन को कोई शक नहीं है कि पति जस्टिन थेरॉक्स उनके लिए एक है।	Legit
Celebrity	जेनिफर एनिस्टन एक वेलनेस सेंटर स्थापित करना चाहती हैं	जेनिफर एनिस्टन भविष्य में एक वेलनेस सेंटर खोलना चाहती हैं। अंतरिक्ष घर के उपचार के साथ-साथ एक स्वस्थ कैफे भी होगा।	Legit
Celebrity	ब्रैड पिट ग्रंथों जेनिफर एनिस्टन नॉनस्टॉप: एंजेलीना जोली तलाक के बाद तीव्र भावनात्मक समर्थन की तलाश करता है सेलेब डर्टी लॉन्ड्री	ब्रैड पिट और जेनिफर एनिस्टन ने कथित तौर पर टेक्सटिंग के माध्यम से संपर्क में वापस आ गए हैं, भले ही दोनों पक्षों के स्रोत यह स्पष्ट करने के लिए खुद पर गिर रहे हैं कि यह 'सिर्फ टेक्सटिंग' है और कुछ अधिक गंभीर नहीं है।	Fake
Celebrity	हैट चेर वास्तव में एक दिन में खाती है ताकि अविश्वसनीय रूप से फिट रहें	बिलबोर्ड म्यूजिक अवार्ड्स में, चेर ने अपनी दो सबसे बड़ी हिट करने के लिए मंच लिया, और हम इस बात से चकित थे कि 71 साल की उम्र में बिलबोर्ड आइकन अवार्ड प्राप्तकर्ता कितना अविश्वसनीय लग रहा है।	Legit
Celebrity	केट मिडलटन प्रिंस इलियम क्रम्बलिंग विवाह को बचाने के लिए प्रयास करें?	अगर सच है, तो अफवाहों में यह है कि यह प्रिंस इलियम की दादी महारानी एलिजाबेथ की कर सकता है। यह पहले बताया गया है कि वह केट के सामान्य तरीकों को पसंद नहीं करती है।	Fake
Celebrity	टेलर स्विफ्ट ने सेलेना गोमेज़ के दिल दहला देने वाले एएमए प्रदर्शन के दौरान, कुछ गंभीर साइड आईज़ हो जाती हैं	"2014 के अमेरिकन म्यूजिक अवार्ड्स में सेलेना गोमेज़ द्वारा ""द हार्ट एट्स हैट इट्स एंट्स"" के पहले प्रदर्शन से टेलर स्विफ्ट को आंसू बहाए गए।"	Legit
Celebrity	प्रिंस इलियम और केट मिडलटन केंसिंग्टन पैलेस से बाहर निकल रहे हैं? | सेलेब डर्टी लॉन्ड्री	प्रिंस इलियम और केट मिडलटन पहले से ही केंसिंग्टन पैलेस से बाहर जाने के बारे में सोच रहे हैं। ऐसा इसलिए है क्योंकि इलियम नहीं चाहती है कि उसके बच्चे प्रिंस जॉर्ज और प्रिंसेस शार्लोट महल की दीवारों के पीछे बड़े हों। इसके बजाय, वह चाहता है कि वे स्पॉटलाइट के बाहर और जहाँ तक संभव हो, पापराज़ी से दूर जीवन बिताएँ।	Fake
Celebrity	"ब्रैड पिट ""अभी भी संपर्क में है"" ith पूर्व जेनिफर एनिस्टन एंजेलीना जोली तलाक (रिपोर्ट) के बाद"	दोस्ताना एग्जिट के बारे में बात करें	Fake
Celebrity	टोपी का कान्येस्ट का अगला कदम?	कुछ याद आ रहा है। क्या आप इसे महसूस कर सकते हैं? ब्रह्मांड में थोड़ी सी हलचल, त्वरित और सूक्ष्म, लेकिन एक निश्चित संकेत है कि दुनिया में कुछ अभी-अभी स्थानांतरित हुआ है। आह, यहाँ यह क्या है - कान्ये स्था ने सिर्फ अपने ट्विटर और इंस्टाग्राम खातों को हटा दिया।	Legit
Celebrity	यहां बताया गया है कि किम कार्दशियन इस्ट, कान्ये एस्ट और मॉल में नॉर्थ इस्ट ईकेंड स्टाइल	स्वीडन में पेरिस फैशन ईक और आइकिया के मुख्यालय की यात्राओं के बीच, व्यस्त सप्ताह में व्यस्त रहा। लेकिन अधिकांश परिवारों की तरह, वे घर के करीब सप्ताहांत करना पसंद करते हैं, और कल लॉस एंजिल्स में अपने स्थानीय मॉल के लिए एक यात्रा का भुगतान किया, संगठनों के समन्वय में बिल्ड-ए-भालू ऑर्कशॉप द्वारा रोक दिया।	Legit
Celebrity	मिरांडा लैम्बर्ट ने प्रेमी एंडरसन पूर्व के साथ 2-वर्ष की वर्षगांठ के लिए लविंग पोस्ट का संस्कार किया	मिरांडा लैम्बर्ट खुद की Instagram और उसे संगीत प्रेमी एक चुंबन साझा करने पर एक मिठाई तस्वीर साझा करते हुए एंडरसन पूर्व मंगलवार को अपने दूसरे सालगिरह चिह्नित।	Legit
Celebrity	YOUNG MA SAYS NICKI MINAJ IS 'JUST SHO ING LOVE, GIVING PROPS':	निकी मिनाज से उच्च प्रशंसा प्राप्त करना किसी का सपना है, और फ्यूज फर्स्ट कलाकार यंग एमए भाग्यशाली था जब मिनाज ने अक्टूबर में अप-एंड-कॉमर के बारे में बात करने के लिए ब्रेकफास्ट क्लब रेडियो शो में बुलाया।	Legit
Celebrity	यह हैट जस्टिन बीबर ने ग्रैम्स की तरफ जाने के बजाय किया	अपने एल्बम उद्देश्य के लिए चार नामांकन अर्जित करने के बावजूद, जस्टिन बीबर के पास इस साल ग्रैमी पुरस्कार में भाग लेने की कोई योजना नहीं थी। हालांकि, अकेले घर पर बैठने के बजाय, उन्होंने सुशी के लिए बाहर जाने का फैसला किया और प्रशंसकों को अपनी इंस्टाग्राम स्टोरी पर सवारी के लिए साथ ले गए। (अन्य दर्शकों ने उसे रेस्तरां में चलने के कुछ स्नैप्स पर कब्जा कर लिया और साथ ही पूरे 360-डिग्री लुक के लिए जस्टिन के साथ डिनर करना पसंद किया।)	Legit
Celebrity	हैट जेनिफर लोपेज ने ड्रेक डेटिंग यंगर मेन के बारे में एलेन को बताया	"जेनिफर लोपेज ने ""एलेन डीजेनरेस शो"" से रोक दिया, जहां एलेन ने ड्रेक के साथ अपने रिश्ते के बारे में पूछने के लिए गर्म सीट पर रखा और अफवाह थी कि वह छोटे पुरुषों को डेट करना पसंद करती है।"	Legit
Celebrity	ग्वेन स्टेफनी 'द वॉयस' में लौट रही हैं, लेकिन माइली साइरस के बारे में क्या?	"ग्वेन स्टेफनी ""द वॉइस"" पर हॉट सीट पर लौटने के लिए पूरी तरह तैयार है, लेकिन वह किसकी कुर्सी छीन रही है?"	Legit
Celebrity	ild अफवाह: जस्टिन बीबर ने अपना खुद का चर्च शुरू करने के लिए अपना उद्देश्य रद्द कर दिया	"जस्टिन बीबर ने कल दुनिया भर में बेलीबर समुदाय को झटका दिया जब उन्होंने अचानक अपने उद्देश्य दौरे के शेष को रद्द कर दिया। बीबर के 14 शो बाकी थे, जिनमें अमेरिका और एशिया के कई लोग शामिल थे। एक फोटोग्राफर ने बीएएस को कल ला में पकड़ा, और उन्होंने समझाया कि उन्हें 16 महीनों के दौरे के बाद बस एक ब्रेक की जरूरत है। ""हाँ, सब कुछ ठीक है, हाँ"" उन्होंने कैमरे पर आदमी को बताया। ""मैं दो साल के लिए दौरे पर हूं। यह [एक लंबा खिंचाव है]"	Legit
Celebrity	'मैं बहुत ज्यादा खुश था': ब्रैड पिट एंजेलीना जोली से अलग होने की बात करता है	"ब्रैड पिट ने खुलासा किया है कि वह ""बहुत ज्यादा उबल रहा था"" और बताया कि कैसे वह एंजेलीना जोली से अलग होने के बाद छह सप्ताह के लिए एक दोस्त की मंजिल पर सोया था क्योंकि घर लौटने के लिए ""बहुत दुखी"" था।"	Legit
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन ने विस्तृत प्रेनुप योजना के माध्यम से कान्ये के पैसे चोरी करने की कोशिश की?	क्या किम कार्दशियन अपनी प्रसिद्धि के साथ-साथ कान्ये एस्ट के पैसे चुराने की कोशिश कर रही है? स्टार की एक नई रिपोर्ट के अनुसार, किम अपने लेन-देन को कान्ये को एक व्यापारिक लेनदेन की तरह मान रही है, जो शायद एक स्मार्ट निर्णय है। आइए यथार्थवादी बनें - यह शादी कब तक चलने वाली है? दो साल? पांच साल? वह पहले से ही इस रोडियो से गुजर चुकी है, और वह जानती है कि आखिरकार, अगर वह अपने कार्ड को सही खेलती है, तो उसे कान्ये का पैसा मिल जाएगा। एक ही सवाल है - कितना?	Fake
Celebrity	क्या एंजेलीना जोली फेक मैडॉक्स जोली पिट का दत्तक ग्रहण किया था? शॉकिंग दावों के अंदर	एंजेलिना जोली दुनिया भर के बच्चों को अपनाने के लिए प्रसिद्ध हैं, लेकिन क्या उन्होंने फर्जी दस्तावेजों का उपयोग करके अपने पहले बेटे मैडॉक्स को प्राप्त किया? मैडॉक्स के असली कंबोडियन पिता चौंकाने वाले दावों के साथ आगे आए हैं कि जोली के पास 15 साल से अधिक उम्र की कानूनी शक्ति नहीं है।	Fake
Celebrity	केटी होम्स और जेमी फॉक्सएक्स ने लगातार अपने चुपके अधिनियम को गिरा दिया	"चार साल से अधिक समय से, अफवाहों ने केटी होम्स, जेमी फॉक्सएक्स और उनके स्पष्ट अंडर-रेडार रोमांस को घेर लिया है। बहुत प्रसिद्ध लोगों की एक जोड़ी के लिए वे उम्र के लिए कैमरों से बचने में कामयाब रहे हैं, हालांकि पिछले वर्ष में वे छिपाने के प्रयास में कम लग रहे थे, यहां तक कि मई में पेरिस में एक निजी विमान में बैठे हुए देखा गया था, जहां फॉक्सक्स फिल्माने लगा था। रॉबिन हुड। उसी समय, टैबलॉयड ने दावा किया कि दोनों ""सार्वजनिक रूप से जाने के लिए तैयार थे।"""	Legit
Celebrity	देर रात की मेजबानी ओजे सिम्पसन पैरोल समाचार पर प्रतिक्रिया	ओजे सिम्पसन को सशस्त्र डकैती और एक हथियार के साथ हमला करने के लिए लगभग नौ साल जेल में रखने के बाद, गुरुवार को पैरोल दी गई थी, और देर रात टीवी पर इसके बारे में बहुत कुछ कहना था।	Legit
Celebrity	Miley और लियाम लड़ रहे हैं? झूठी अफवाहें घूमती हैं कि वे एक दबे हुए प्रेनप पर फिदा हैं	क्या माइली साइरस और लियाम हेम्सवर्थ लड़ रहे हैं? एक नई रिपोर्ट में दावा किया गया है कि साइरस और हेम्सवर्थ ने अपनी शादी की योजना बनाते समय अपने कथित प्रैंक को लेकर भारी लड़ाई की थी।	Legit
Celebrity	लेडी गागा ने नेटफ्लिक्स डॉक्यूमेंट्री की घोषणा की, मैडोना फिउड से बात की	"लेडी गागा खोलने के लिए तैयार है। ""जोआन"" गायक की 22 सितंबर को नेटफ्लिक्स पर गागा: फाइव फुट टू प्रीमियर शीर्षक से एक स्पष्ट वृत्तचित्र है।"	Legit
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन बियॉन्से को जुड़वां गर्भावस्था की खबरों के लिए बधाई देने में विफल रहती हैं, जबकि BFF क्रिसी टेगन सुपरस्टार की घोषणा का मजाक उड़ाती हैं	रियलिटी स्टार, बिय की खुशखबरी के बारे में खुशी व्यक्त करते हुए सितारों की सूची में शामिल नहीं हुए	Legit
Celebrity	क्या बेयोंस ने अपने जुड़वा बच्चों को जन्म दिया? नई रिपोर्ट का दावा है कि उसने अभी किया	क्या बियॉन्से के पास सिर्फ उसके जुड़वां बच्चे थे? अफवाहें उड़ रही हैं कि रोमांचक नई रिपोर्ट के अनुसार, रानी बे ने शनिवार 20 मई को एक अनमोल लड़के और आराध्य लड़की को जन्म दिया	Fake
Celebrity	एंजेलिना जोली अपने 'मुश्किल' वर्ष के बारे में लोगों को बताती हैं: 'आई एम लिटिल बिट स्ट्रांगर'	एंजेलीना जोली के जीवन में पिछले वर्ष में बहुत कुछ बदल गया है, लेकिन एक चीज निरंतर बनी हुई है - अपने बच्चों के प्रति समर्पण।	Legit
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन: ay पर नग्न रसोई की किताब ??	हर कोई किम कार्दशियन और / या उन किताबों का प्रशंसक नहीं है जिन्हें वह लिखने का दिखावा करता है।	Fake
Celebrity	कीथ अर्बन ईर्ष्यालु: निकोल किडमैन ने स्वीकार किया कि उसने एचबीओ को अपने प्यार के ब्याज के रूप में अलेक्जेंडर स्कार्सगार्ड के सामने पेश किया। सेलेब डर्टी लॉन्ड्री	निकोल किडमैन यह स्पष्ट कर रही हैं कि वह चाहती थीं कि अलेक्जेंडर स्कार्सगार्ड को उनके पति के रूप में 'लिटिल लिटिल लाइज' में कास्ट किया जाए। निकोल नई एचबीओ ड्रामा सीरीज़ में रीज़ itherspoon, Shailene oodley और Lauren Dern के साथ अभिनय कर रही हैं। शो तीन माताओं की कहानी कहता है जो एक त्रासदी के बाद आगे बढ़ने की कोशिश करते हैं जिसने उनके जीवन को लगभग नष्ट कर दिया।	Fake
Celebrity	केंडल, काइली जेनर और गीगी, बेला हदीद एक बुरे झगड़े के लिए नेतृत्व कर रहे हैं?	यह भाई-बहन के युद्ध के मामले जैसा लगता है। सबसे लोकप्रिय भाई-बहनों में से दो - केंडल, काइली और बेला, गिगी - एक बुरा झगड़े के कगार पर होने की सूचना है।	Fake
Celebrity	टेलर स्विफ्ट की 'प्रतिष्ठा': जो एल्विन, कान्य एस्ट और टॉम हिडलेस्टन के बारे में सभी गपशप	उनकी दो प्रतिष्ठा-थीम वाली पत्रिकाओं की प्रस्तावना में, जिसमें उनके छठे एल्बम की रिलीज़ का जश्न मनाने के लिए फ़ोटो, कविता और हाथ से लिखे गए गीत हैं, स्विफ्ट ने अपरिहार्य समाचारों को उनके गीतों के लक्ष्यों पर अनुमान लगाया।	Legit
Celebrity	केटी होम्स और जेमी फॉक्सएक्स एक आइटम के रूप में बाहर आते हैं, 'टॉम क्रूज बान' की समाप्ति के बाद	अब यहाँ कुछ के लिए सोफे पर वास्तव में ऊपर और नीचे कूदना है।	Fake
Celebrity	केट मिडलटन ने प्रिंस इलियम को बचाने के लिए बेताब शादी: लाड़ प्यार की रॉयल लाइफस्टाइल को छोड़ नहीं सकते | सेलेब डर्टी लॉन्ड्री	केट मिडलटन अपने पति प्रिंस इलियम से अपने परिवार के साथ शर्मिंदा होने के लिए अपने स्की यात्रा के दौरान नाचने और पीने, और सभी धोखा अफवाहों के साथ गुस्सा हो सकती है, लेकिन इसका मतलब यह नहीं है कि वह जल्द ही उसे कभी भी तलाक नहीं देगी। वास्तव में, ड्यूक और डचेस ऑफ कैम्ब्रिज ने सभी को समझाने की कोशिश की कि वे इस सप्ताहांत पेरिस की यात्रा के दौरान प्यार में पागल हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	"रोजी हे फेले क्रेज ""हाउस आईवीज"" नाइटर्स"	"भागो भागो भागो - सही ""देखें"" HY पर वापस?"	Fake
Celebrity	जूलिया रॉबर्ट्स ने अपनी 15 वीं वर्षगांठ की सालगिरह डैनी मॉडरेट से आगे निकाली	जूलिया रॉबर्ट्स और पति डैनी मोडर को शनिवार की दोपहर, मालीबू, सीए में एक आकस्मिक सैर पर स्पॉट किया गया। जुलाई में शादी के 15 साल पूरे होने जा रहे इस जोड़े ने एक दूसरे के चारों ओर अपनी बांहों को लपेटते हुए प्यार भरा प्रदर्शन किया और जूलिया डैनी के कान में कुछ फुसफुसाते हुए दिखाई दिए। ठीक है, हमने नवंबर के बाद से इस जोड़े को बाहर नहीं देखा और जूलिया ने अप्रैल में इतिहास रचा, जब उन्हें पांचवीं बार पीपल्स मोस्ट ब्यूटीफुल ओमान का नाम दिया गया। इस हफ्ते की शुरुआत में यह भी पता चला था कि जूलिया क्रिस्टल सिटी एंटरटेनमेंट के द बुकसेलर के रूपांतर में बड़े पर्दे पर वापसी करेंगी। जूलिया न केवल फिल्म में अभिनय करेंगी, बल्कि वह लिसा गिलान, मारिसा येरेस गिल, जोनाथन रुबेंस्टीन और अरी पिंचोट के साथ परियोजना का निर्माण भी कर रही हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	डिजिटल दिवा इनसाइड कैटिलिन जेनर के सीक्रेट साइबर हुकअप	"RadarOnline.com को विशेष रूप से पता चला है कि Caitlyn Jenner अपनी कामुकता को ऑनलाइन देख रही है और गुप्त साइबर ""हुकअप्स"" का आनंद ले रही है।"	Fake
Celebrity	मिशेल ओबामा प्लास्टिक सर्जरी के लिए खुली, बोटॉक्स इंजेक्शन	जैसा कि पहली महिला मिशेल ओबामा शुक्रवार को 50 साल की हो गईं, वह भविष्य में अपने चेहरे पर कुछ काम नहीं कर रही हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	बियॉन्से ने सेरेना इलियन्स के एलेक्सिस ओहानियन की एडिटिंग में बहुत सारी स्माइल की	"मुर्गी दो लोगों को देखती है ""क्रेज़ी इन लव"", बेयोंसे मदद नहीं कर सकती, लेकिन मुस्कुरा सकती है।"	Legit
Celebrity	मालिया ओबामा ने बराक और मिशेल से शादी की - क्या वह न्यूयॉर्क शहर में अकेले जीवन जी सकती हैं?	18 साल की मालिया ओबामा अपने नए जीवन को हाईट हाउस के बाहर एडजस्ट कर रही हैं और बदलाव उनके प्रसिद्ध माता-पिता - पूर्व राष्ट्रपति बराक ओबामा और प्रथम महिला मिशेल ओबामा के लिए संभालना आसान नहीं है।	Fake
Celebrity	समर्थन के लिए बहुत से सितारे कैंसर के लिए खड़े हैं	मंगलवार रात को ला में हॉलीवुड के स्टेंड्स अप टू कैंसर कार्यक्रम के लिए सितारों के लोड ने कदम रखा। फंडराइज़र, जिसे रेसे इथर्सपून और उनके पति, जिम टोथ ने होस्ट किया था, ने डायने क्रूगर और जोशुआ जैक्सन और जेसिका अल्बा और कैश एरेन जैसे प्यारे जोड़ों को बाहर निकाला, साथ ही सेलेना गोमेज़, ड्रू बैरीमोर और ग्वेनेथ पाल्ट्रो को भी। ग्वेनेथ खुद स्टैंडअप टू कैंसर कार्यक्रम के लंबे समय से समर्थक हैं क्योंकि उनके पिता ब्रूस पाल्ट्रो की 2002 में फेफड़ों के कैंसर से मृत्यु हो गई थी।	Legit
Celebrity	यहां देखें कि ब्रैड पिट राष्ट्रपति के रूप में डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प के बारे में कैसा महसूस करता है	ओक्लाहोमा में जन्मे और मिसौरी में पले-बढ़े एक दक्षिणी व्यक्ति के रूप में, ब्रैड पिट एक जगह से उपजा है जहाँ लोग आमतौर पर डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प और 2016 के राष्ट्रपति चुनाव में उनके रन का समर्थन करते हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	टाइगा ने काइली जेनर और कार्दशियन के बारे में नई सच्चाई को उजागर करने के लिए नई बताई सारी किताब, अंदरूनी सूत्रों का कहना है	"ई न्यूज के मुताबिक, टायगा और काइली जेनर ने इसे स्प्लिट्सविले में बनाया है और ऐसा लग रहा है कि निकट भविष्य में चीजें काफी बदसूरत हो सकती हैं। हालाँकि यह रिश्ता कथित तौर पर खत्म हो गया है, ऐसा नहीं लगता है कि दोनों सौहार्दपूर्ण शर्तों पर समाप्त हो गए हैं, और चीजें केवल गर्म होने लगी हैं। पेरेज हिल्टन के अनुसार, टाइगा कथित तौर पर काइली के साथ अपने बड़े ब्रेक-अप के मद्देनजर एक टेल-ऑल बुक जारी करने की योजना बना रहा है। ""मेक इट निस्टी"" रैपर के करीबी अंदरूनी सूत्रों ने अफवाह आने वाली किताब के बारे में कुछ जानकारी दी है।"	Fake
Celebrity	टेलर स्विफ्ट के शिविर ने इस बात से इंकार किया कि गायक अपनी स्ट्रीमिंग सेवा शुरू कर रहा है	टेलर स्विफ्ट के एक करीबी सूत्र ने कथित तौर पर इन सुझावों का खंडन किया है कि गायक अपनी स्ट्रीमिंग सेवा शुरू करने के लिए तैयार है।	Legit
Celebrity	हीडी क्लम और सील बिलबोर्ड म्यूजिक अवार्ड्स 2016 में फ्रेंडली रीयूनियन है	हीदी क्लम और सील 2016 बिलबोर्ड संगीत और रविवार की रात में दोस्ताना निर्वासन के प्रतीक थे।	Legit
Celebrity	गीले निशान के साथ बाहर निकलने के बाद जस्टिन बीबर ने खुद पर मज़ाक किया	दुर्घटनाएं होती हैं, लेकिन यह सितारा इसके बारे में खेद नहीं है।	Fake
Celebrity	जेन फोंडा वास्तव में Megyn केली के साथ प्लास्टिक सर्जरी के बारे में बात नहीं करना चाहता था	"फोंडा ने रॉबर्ट रेडफोर्ड के साथ अपनी नई फिल्म, ""आवर सोल्स एट नाइट"" का प्रचार करने के लिए एडसेन्ड पर ""मेगी केली टुडे"" में दिखाई दिए। लेकिन साक्षात्कार में केवल एक मिनट का समय लगा क्योंकि केली ने दो किंवदंतियों के साथ बातचीत को उम्र बढ़ने के विषय में बदल दिया।"	Legit
Celebrity	रेड कार्पेट पर बेबी बंप का प्रदर्शन करने के बाद हैली बेरी ने गर्भावस्था की अफवाहें उड़ाई	50 वर्षीय हाले बेरी ने अफवाहों को हवा दी कि वह लॉस एंजिल्स में 16 वीं वार्षिक क्रिसलिस बटरफ्लाई बॉल पर रेड कार्पेट पर एक 'बेबी बंप' की तरह दिखने वाले डेब्यू के बाद अपने तीसरे बच्चे की उम्मीद कर रही हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	"माइली साइरस ने अपने ब्रेकअप को लियाम हेम्सवर्थ पर दर्शाया: ""मैं सही रास्ते पर हूं"""	"माइली साइरस ने हाल ही में अपना नया एकल, ""मालीबू"" गिराया, जो स्पष्ट रूप से लियाम हेम्सवर्थ के साथ उसके फिर से जुड़े रिश्ते से प्रेरित है, और इस सप्ताह के शुरू में हॉलीवुड में सिरियसएक्सएम के हिट्स 1 के साथ एक साक्षात्कार के दौरान, 24 वर्षीय गायिका ने उसके बारे में आगे खोला। 2013 में लियाम से अलग हो गए। ""मुझे लगता है - पता है - कि सब कुछ सही कारण के लिए हो रहा है, और मुझे पता था कि जब हम पहली बार एक साथ नहीं थे,"" माइली ने सलाह के बारे में कहा कि वह अपने छोटे स्व को देगी। ""मुझे नहीं पता था कि अगर यह इसका अंत था, या अगर हम फिर से एक साथ वापस आएंगे, लेकिन जानते थे कि मैं जहां भी जा रहा था, मैं सही रास्ते पर था।"""	Legit
Celebrity	माइली साइरस और लियाम हेम्सवर्थ शायद अप्रैल के अंत में शादी कर चुके हैं	"सितंबर में, माइली साइरस ने रविवार को द सन को बताया कि उसने और उसके मंगेतर लियाम हेम्सवर्थ ने जल्द ही कोई शादी नहीं की थी। ""मैंने शादी की कल्पना नहीं की,"" उसने रविवार को द सन को बताया। ""मैं 24 साल का हूं। मुझे उम्मीद है कि मैं थोड़ा और जी पाऊंगा। मेरे पास शादी करने से पहले बहुत ज्यादा जीने के लिए है।"" (उसकी मां टीश साइरस ने जून में भी एक अफवाह वाली माइली-लियाम के बारे में पूछे जाने पर यही बात कही थी।)"	Fake
Celebrity	वन डायरेक्शन की नई दिशाएँ: एकल परियोजनाएँ हमें क्या बताती हैं?	आज सुबह, वन डायरेक्शन के लियाम पायने ने स्ट्रिप्ड डाउन को छोड़ दिया, उनका पहला एकल, जिसे सर्वश्रेष्ठ के रूप में वर्णित किया जा सकता है जो निश्चित रूप से मौजूद है।	Legit
Celebrity	केंडल जेनर NBA ओवर से प्रतिबंधित 'कार्दशियन शाप'	केंडल जेनर इस सीजन में अपने नए आदमी को कोर्ट में खेलते हुए देखने की उम्मीद करती है, लेकिन एनबीए के बॉस 21 वर्षीय मॉडल लेगी के साथ हार्डबॉल खेल रहे हैं	Fake
Celebrity	जोश डुहामेल फर्जी थे 'फिर से एक रॉक स्टार होने के नाते'	"जोश डुहामेल ने अपने ब्रेकअप से पहले अपनी पॉप-स्टार पत्नी फर्जी की ""पार्टी"" से थक गए थे, हमें बताया गया है।"	Fake
Celebrity	जेनिफर एनिस्टन ने ब्रैड पिट के साथ धोखा किया, मैट लेब्लांक ने शादी कर ली? - रिपोर्ट good	ब्रैड पिट, 51, जेनिफर एनिस्टन, 46 की अपनी शादी के दौरान भटकने वाली आंखों के साथ केवल एक ही नहीं हो सकता है। मैट लेब्लांक के पिता पॉल लेब्लांक के साथ एक नए नए साक्षात्कार से पता चलता है कि अभिनेत्री ने वास्तव में उसके साथ उसके पति के साथ धोखा किया था। फ्रेंड्स मिस्टर और मिसेज स्मिथ के सेट पर ब्रैड से 40 साल पहले ब्रैड की मुलाकात एंजेलिना जोली से हुई थी	Fake
Celebrity	एलेन डीजेनर्स का सीक्रेट एगलेस लुक	"मेकअप कलाकार पाटी डबरॉफ ने विज्ञापन अभियानों और फैशन के प्रसार के लिए एलेन डीजेनर्स के साथ काम किया है, इसलिए वह जानती थीं कि शेप के मे कवर शूट-नेचुरल और रंग के संकेत के साथ समझे जाने वाले टॉक शो होस्ट पर सबसे अच्छा काम करेगा। वह सिर्फ कवरगर्ल एगलेस कंसीलर और करेक्टर के एक स्पर्श के साथ हमारे कवर मॉडल की त्वचा को सही करने के लिए एक नम वेज स्पंज का इस्तेमाल करती थी। ""एलेन की त्वचा में पहले से ही एक प्राकृतिक चमक है, इसलिए उसे बहुत मेकअप की आवश्यकता नहीं है,"" पाटी कहते हैं। हम सभी ऐसे युवा त्वचा के साथ धन्य नहीं हैं, लेकिन आप मेकअप प्रो से इन एंटी-एजिंग युक्तियों के साथ एलेन की तरह एक अद्भुत रंग प्राप्त कर सकते हैं:"	Legit
Celebrity	जेनिफर लॉरेंस के साथ अपने पति के अफेयर के कारण अन्ना फारिस असुरक्षित महसूस करती हैं क्या क्रिस प्रैट को दोष दिया जाता है? - लाइव अफवाहें	जेनिफर लॉरेंस, जो लाखों लड़कों का दिल है, ने हाल ही में अपने सभी प्रशंसकों को चौंका दिया। यह फिल्म में नहीं था, लेकिन खबर से; बल्कि हम कहते हैं कि क्रिस प्रैट के साथ एक अफवाह है। टैब्लॉइड्स में इन कथित हाइलाइट्स के कारण हममें से अधिकांश का दिमाग जम गया है, लेकिन बाद में दोनों ने बारीक से इनकार कर दिया। जेनिफर की पसंद के रूप में, उसने अभी के लिए एकल होना चुना है; जबकि क्रिस पहले से ही अन्ना फारिस के साथ बंधा हुआ है। हालांकि इस फेक न्यूज के कारण फारिस को असुरक्षा महसूस होती है, हालांकि वह अपने पति क्रिस और जेनिफर के बीच प्यार के बारे में टैब्लॉइड्स भर रही है। ell, क्या यह सच है या नहीं, हम इसे इस लेख में कवर करेंगे	Fake
Celebrity	ड्रेक ने टेलर स्विफ्ट को कथित रूप से हकलाने के बाद अपने घर पर रहने के लिए आमंत्रित किया	"""टेलर [स्विफ्ट] को घूरना और उसके बारे में सनकी होना ड्रेक के साथ अच्छी तरह से नहीं बैठता है। वह असली गर्म है कि वह अपने निजी स्थान पर घुसपैठ कर रही है, और उसने बताया कि वह व्यक्तिगत रूप से अपने कुछ लड़कों को भेजने के लिए भेजती है। उस पर नज़र रखो और उसके अंगरक्षक बनो। वह निश्चित रूप से उसके लिए आराम कर रहा है वह बता रहा है कि वह सब कुछ ठीक हो रहा है और वह पूरी तरह से निश्चित करना चाहता है कि जब वह सार्वजनिक रूप से बाहर हो तो वह सुरक्षित और सुरक्षित महसूस करे।"	Fake
Celebrity	यह जेनिफर लॉरेंस डेरेन एरोनोफस्की की हॉट फ्लिंग कूल एल्डैडी है	जेनिफर लॉरेंस और डैरेन एरोनोफ़्स्की पहले से ही शांत हो रहे हैं और अपने गहन रोमांस से ब्रेक ले रहे हैं, RadarOnline.com विशेष रूप से प्रकट कर सकता है।	Fake
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन ने 'बुनाई पर निर्भर' के बाद चौंकाने वाले बालों के झड़ने का प्रदर्शन किया	वह अपने अविश्वसनीय गर्भावस्था के बाद के वजन घटाने के लिए ईर्ष्या के साथ हरी प्रशंसकों को छोड़ देती है।	Fake
Celebrity	प्रिंस हैरी एक आईफ को खोजने के लिए अमेरिका में जा रहा है	प्रिंस हैरी तालाब के पार जा रहा है - और अमेरिका में एक पत्नी को खोजने की बड़ी योजना है	Fake
Celebrity		कान्ये एस्ट ने गुस्से में टेलर स्विफ्ट को म्यूजिक वीडियो में किम कार्दशियन की डकैती का संदर्भ दिया	Fake
Celebrity	रेड पिट एंजेलीना जोली से अलग होने के बाद दुर्लभ सार्वजनिक उपस्थिति में स्टिंग के साथ चैरिटी कॉन्सर्ट में भाग लेते हैं	ब्रैड पिट ने एंजेलिना जोली से अलग होने के बाद महीनों तक लो प्रोफाइल रखने के बाद शनिवार को सुर्खियों में छा गए।	Legit
Celebrity	ब्रैड पिट की कहानी का पक्ष: उन्होंने एंजेलिना जोली के साथ प्लेन फाइट के रूप में मैडॉक्स को हिट नहीं किया, 'गॉट आउट ऑफ हैंड,' कहते हैं	ब्रैड पिट ने अपने बेटे मैडॉक्स को पिछले सप्ताह एंजेलीना जोली के साथ गर्म मध्य उड़ान तर्क के दौरान हड़ताल नहीं किया था, स्थिति के ज्ञान के साथ एक स्रोत के अनुसार।	Legit
Celebrity	टेलर स्विफ्ट ने नए बॉयफ्रेंड पर लाखों डॉलर खर्च किए, जो अल्विन: झूठी खबर या सच? | सेलेब डर्टी लॉन्ड्री	पॉप सुपरस्टार टेलर स्विफ्ट ने कुछ रिपोर्टों के अनुसार अपने प्रेमी पर लाखों डॉलर खर्च करके नए प्रेमी जो अल्विन को खरीदा है। टेलर हमेशा अपने सभी रिश्तों में बड़ी कमाई करने वाला रहा है। भले ही जेक गिलेनहाल, जॉन मेयर, टॉम हिडलेस्टन, और केल्विन हैरिस जैसे पिछले बॉयफ्रेंड करोड़पति थे, फिर भी टेलर के 300 मिलियन अनुमानित नेट वर्थ की तुलना में उनके बैंक खाते अभी भी बंद हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	जेनिफर लॉरेंस ने नग्न छीन लिया और मांग की, कन्या जेन्नर के घर पर पांच मार्टिनियों को पीने के बाद कान्य स्टाइल ने उसे स्टाइल किया था।	जेनिफर लॉरेंस ने क्रिस जेन्नर की अलमारी में नग्न रूप से पांच मार्टिंस गिराए।	Fake
Celebrity	सॉरी ASAP रॉकी, केंडल जेनर वापस हैरी स्टाइल्स में एक हताश योजना है	केंडल जेनर रैपर एएसएपी रॉकी को डेट कर रही है, लेकिन एक सूत्र के अनुसार, उसने अपने पूर्व, हैरी स्टाइल्स को वापस जीतने की योजना तैयार की है, उसे वह करना है जो वह सबसे अच्छा करती है - जुराब भेजें	Fake
Celebrity	कान्स फिल्म फेस्टिवल में कर्स्टन डंस्ट के अचानक आंसू बह निकले	उन्होंने 12 साल की निविदा उम्र में साक्षात्कार ith द वैम्पायर में अपनी भूमिका के लिए वैश्विक मान्यता प्राप्त की, इसलिए वह रेड कार्पेट पर ध्यान देने के लिए कोई अजनबी नहीं है।	Fake
Celebrity	ग्लेन क्लोज ने इस बात से इनकार किया कि उन्होंने मेरिल स्ट्रीप को हिलेरी क्लिंटन का किरदार निभाने के लिए रोका था	आपने जो सुना है उसे भूल जाइए: ग्लेन क्लोज़ ने मेरिल स्ट्रीप को राज्य की पूर्व सचिव और राष्ट्रपति की उम्मीद के जीवन के बारे में एक आगामी फिल्म में हिलेरी क्लिंटन का किरदार निभाने के लिए नहीं भेजा है।	Legit
Celebrity	AMAL CLOONEY लंदन में सबसे लोकप्रिय ओमान है	लंदन की सबसे शक्तिशाली महिला डचेस ऑफ कैम्ब्रिज या सुपर मॉडल केट मॉस भी हो सकती हैं। वास्तव में, यह जॉर्ज क्लूनी की नई दुल्हन है जिसने शीर्ष स्थान प्राप्त किया है।	Legit
Celebrity	ड्रीम परिदृश्य? Khloe चींटियों रोब की बेटी को अपनाने के लिए	Khloe Kardashian ने अपनी भतीजी सपना के साथ ऐसा गहन बंधन बनाया है, उसने अपने भाई Rob को बताया है कि वह उसे अपनाना चाहती है, RadarOnline.com ने विशेष रूप से सीखा है।	Fake
Celebrity	केंडल जेनर: हाई शीज़ क्विटिंग 'केयू टीके' लेकिन काइली के स्पिन-ऑफ शो पर गर्व	केंडल जेनर ने रियलिटी शो प्लेटफॉर्म से खुद को दूर करना जारी रखा है, जिसने उनके परिवार को एक घरेलू नाम बना दिया है, सूत्रों का कहना है कि मॉडल एक वैध कैरियर बनाना चाहता है।	Fake
Celebrity	काइली जेनर के प्लास्टिक सर्जन ने उनके लिप फिलर्स के बारे में एक संदेश दिया है	काइली जेनर की गर्भावस्था (क्लो कार्दशियन की गर्भावस्था और शायद किम कार्दशियन की पुष्टि की गर्भावस्था के साथ) के बारे में सुराग के लिए इंटरनेट शिकार करता है, कम से कम एक व्यक्ति ने सोचा है कि वास्तविकता स्टार के प्रसिद्ध होंठ भराव के बारे में क्या है?	Legit
Celebrity	केंडल जेनर पेप्सी के विज्ञापन पर रोते हुए कहते हैं कि 'कीपिंग अप द कार्दशियन' प्रीमियर में	अप्रैल में पेप्सी का टोन-बहरा केंडल जेनर वाणिज्यिक वापस याद करें? वह जिसने लोगों को उग्र बना दिया, क्योंकि इसने ब्लैक लाइव्स मैटर से प्राप्त चित्रों को सोडा बेचने के लिए विरोध किया?	Legit
Celebrity	स्पेक होल्डिंग हैंड्स ईथ जस्टिन बीबर के एक्स के रूप में ईकंड	यदि आप एक शौकीन अमेरिकी अमेरिकी पाठक हैं, तो ऐसा प्रतीत हो सकता है कि हॉलीवुड में लगभग एक दर्जन एकल लोग हैं, क्योंकि वे सभी एक-दूसरे को डेट करते हैं। यह केविन बेकन के साथ अलगाव के छह डिग्री की तरह है, केवल फिट चाय और कमर प्रशिक्षकों के लिए एक पेंसिल के साथ प्रभावशाली लोगों के लिए, जहां स्कॉट डिसिक कनेक्टिंग फैक्टर है।	Fake
Celebrity	विक्टोरिया बेकहम और अन्ना नए साल की सम्मान सूची में नाम रखने वालों में शामिल हैं	टेनिस जगत की नंबर एक एंडी मरे को क्वीन की न्यू ईयर ऑनर्स लिस्ट में नाइटहुड से सम्मानित किया गया है - जिससे वह आधुनिक समय में ब्रिटेन के सबसे युवा सर - एथलीट मो फराह और ड्रेसेज राइडर ली पियर्सन के साथ हैं। हेपटैथलेट जेसिका एननिस-हिल और रोवर कैथरीन ग्रेिंगर को डेम्स नाम दिया गया है।	Legit
Celebrity	यह हाइ टेलर स्विफ्ट 2016 एमटीवी वीडियो म्यूजिक अवार्ड्स को छोड़ रहा है	इस वर्ष VMA के सीटिंग चार्ट में एक खाली जगह है, बेबी। टेलर स्विफ्ट 28 अगस्त रविवार को एमटीवी वीडियो म्यूजिक अवार्ड्स में शामिल नहीं होंगी, कई सूत्र हमें ईकेली की पुष्टि करते हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	ओबामा ने कॉलेज में 'खुले दिल की सर्जरी' की तरह मालिया को छोड़ दिया	मालिया ओबामा पिछले महीने हार्वर्ड यूनिवर्सिटी जाने के बाद अपने पिता के आँसू नहीं रोक पाईं।	Legit
Celebrity	'ईर्ष्यालु ’किम ने बेयोंस के बेबी स्पॉटलाइट को चुराने की कोशिश की	बियॉन्से के चौंकाने वाले बच्चे की खबर के बारे में कल हाइल द बी हाइव गुलजार था, RadarOnline.com को पता चला है कि किम कार्दशियन सुर्खियों में चोरी करने की अपनी योजना में व्यस्त थी	Fake
Celebrity	जेनिफर लोपेज और एलेक्स रोड्रिगेज डेटिंग कर रहे हैं, और अफवाहें गर्म आ रही हैं	जेनिफर लोपेज और हाल ही में सेवानिवृत्त बेसबॉल नायक एलेक्स रोड्रिग्ज डेटिंग कर रहे हैं, उन रिपोर्टों के अनुसार, जो पूरे सप्ताह बुदबुदाती रही हैं।	Legit
Celebrity		इनसाइड बेन एफ्लेक और जेनिफर गार्नर की फैमिली वेकेशन इन द बहामास, टू मंथ आफ्टर फाइलिंग डिवोर्स	Legit
Celebrity	कैथी ग्रिफिन सीएनएन गोलीबारी के बाद एंडरसन कूपर द्वारा 'धोखा' महसूस करती है	हिले कैथी ग्रिफिन ने अपनी भयानक ट्रम्प से अलग-सिर वाली फोटो के लिए आलोचना के तूफान के बाद अपनी सहानुभूति धर्मयुद्ध जारी रखा है, सूत्रों का कहना है कि वह इस बारे में बच रही है कि एंडरसन कूपर ने उसे सीएनएन नए साल की शाम को एक गर्म आलू की तरह प्रसारित किया।	Fake
Celebrity		हाइट इट ने एंजेलिना को ब्रैड को वापस बुलाने के लिए मंत्र का इस्तेमाल करने के खिलाफ चेतावनी दी	Fake
Celebrity	EXCLUSIVE: यहां ILLIAM, KATE, और GEORGE एक मासिक लंबी अवधि की यात्रा के लिए तैयार हैं	उन्होंने ग्लासगो में राष्ट्रमंडल खेलों में ग्रेट ब्रिटेन का समर्थन करते हुए पिछले दो दिन बिताए हैं, लेकिन __ illiam__and __Kate__can अगस्त में एक अच्छी तरह से लायक महीने के लिए तत्पर हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	कैटिलिन जेनर के संस्मरण कथित तौर पर भूमि मूवी अनुकूलन, रोब लोव प्ले हो सकता है	रिपोर्ट में कहा गया है कि 'हाउ टू बी ए लैटिन लवर' अभिनेता वर्तमान में अपने नए संस्मरण 'द सीक्रेट ऑफ माई लाइफ' पर आधारित एक संभावित फिल्म में रियलिटी शो स्टार की भूमिका निभाने के लिए बातचीत कर रहा है।	Fake
Celebrity	क्या जेरेड लेटो, 45, 19 वर्षीय पेरिस जैक्सन पर क्रश है?	"जेरेड लेटो की नज़र एक बहुत ही युवा चीज़ पर है: 19 वर्षीय पेरिस जैक्सन की जोड़ी ने 8 सितंबर को NYC में हार्पर बाज़ार आइकन्स पार्टी में रास्तों को पार किया, जहाँ अभिनेता, 45, ""निश्चित रूप से उसके साथ एक नाटक कर रहे थे। एक अंदरूनी सूत्र कहते हैं। “जब वह बात कर रहा था तो वह सीधे उसकी आँखों में घूर रहा था और वे वास्तव में पास खड़े थे। उन्होंने लंबे समय तक बात की और वह बहुत हंस रही थी। ” फिर भी, ऑस्कर विजेता, बाहर मारा के रूप में पेरिस अंततः उसे दोस्तों के साथ होने के लिए छोड़ दिया - नहीं से पहले उसके गाल पर एक चुंबन में जारेड snuck अंदरूनी सूत्र जोड़ता है, हालांकि: ""। यह स्पष्ट था कि वह उसे में सुपर था, उम्र का अंतर शापित हो"""	Fake
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन की 'डियर इल एक्सप्लोड' अगर कान्ये राष्ट्रपति के लिए चलती है: तो 'वेरी नोबस'	"""कान्ये [स्था] राजनीति में कदम रखने के बारे में अधिक से अधिक बात कर रहे हैं, लेकिन किम [कार्दशियन] उस रास्ते से नीचे जाने के लिए बेहद हिचकिचाहट है। वह उस तरह की नफरत के बारे में बहुत घबराया हुआ है जो उस पर और उनके परिवार पर केंद्रित होगा। वह राष्ट्रपति के लिए दौड़ने वाले थे। डकैती से पहले, वह डरी हुई नहीं थी, लेकिन अब वह लगातार डर में रहती है। यदि कान्ये राष्ट्रपति के लिए चलता है, तो वे डर जाएंगे, ""एक सूत्र ने हॉलीवुडलाइफ.कॉम EXCLUSIVELY को बताया।"	Fake
Celebrity	मिशेल की 25 वीं वर्षगांठ के अवसर पर बराक ओबामा का मीठा आश्चर्य	पहले से ही जन्मदिन और छुट्टियों पर अपनी पत्नी के लिए मधुर संदेशों के लिए जाना जाता है, बराक ओबामा मंगलवार को मिशेल के साथ अपनी 25 वीं शादी की सालगिरह के लिए बड़े गए।	Legit
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन ने टीम को और अधिक 'राजनीतिक' बनने में मदद करने के लिए कहा - 'मैं राजनीतिक मुद्दों के बारे में अधिक बोलने के लिए चींटी'	विवादास्पद रियलिटी टीवी स्टार वास्तव में अपनी प्रतिष्ठा बदलना चाहते हैं। ई ने जान लिया है कि किम कार्दशियन एक बहुत अधिक राजनीतिक छवि बनाना चाहती हैं और वह पहले से ही उस दिशा में कुछ कदम उठा रही हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	EXCLUSIVE PICS: मैनचेस्टर हमले के बाद से एरियाना ग्रांडे की पहली तस्वीरें	सोमवार को उसके मैनचेस्टर कॉन्सर्ट में हुए आतंकी हमले के बाद पहली बार एक भावनात्मक एरियाना ग्रांडे को स्पॉट किया गया था, क्योंकि उसने अपने गृहनगर बोका रैटन, फ्लोरिडा में टच किया था।	Fake
Celebrity	'यह एक लंबा समय आ रहा था': हेइडी क्लम ने सील के 'ज्वालामुखीय तापमान' पर सात साल की शादी को समाप्त किया	सील और हेदी क्लम ने जोर देकर कहा अपने अलग होने की रिपोर्ट है कि सुपर मॉडल अब एक गुलाब गायक की ज्वालामुखी गुस्सा से चुंबन के साथ डाल सकता है के बावजूद 'सौहार्दपूर्ण' कल था।	Fake
Celebrity	सटीक पल पर जेनिफर एनिस्टन ने इसे गर्भावस्था की अफवाहों के कारण किया था	"जुलाई में, जेनिफर एनिस्टन ने हफ़िंगटन पोस्ट के लिए एक ऑप-एड में वर्षों से चली आ रही उसके बारे में लगातार टैब्लॉइड गर्भावस्था की अफवाहों के खिलाफ शक्तिशाली रूप से बात की। ""रिकॉर्ड के लिए, मैं गर्भवती नहीं हूं,"" उसने इसमें लिखा है। ""टोपी मैं तंग आ गया हूँ। मैं 'पत्रकारिता,' 'पहले संशोधन,' और 'सेलिब्रिटी समाचार' की आड़ में रोज़ाना होने वाले खेल-जैसी जाँच और बॉडी शेमिंग से तंग आ चुका हूँ।"""	Fake
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन इस्ट रास्ते में बच्चे की पुष्टि करता है	"किम कार्दशियन इस्ट ने गुरुवार को अपने परिवार की ई सीरीज़ ""कीपिंग अप इथ द कार्दशियन"" के नए सीज़न के प्रोमो से एक क्लिप ट्वीट किया।"	Legit
Celebrity	सेलेना गोमेज़ और जेनिफर एनिस्टन डबल डेट: जेन की टिप्पणियां eeknd ere Lies के बारे में	सेलेना गोमेज़ इस समय ईकेंड को डेट कर रही हैं। उनके सबसे अच्छे दोस्त जेनिफर एनिस्टन उनके समर्थक हैं लेकिन उनके रिश्ते को कभी-कभी अफवाह फैलाने वालों द्वारा निशाना बनाया जाता है।	Legit
Celebrity	बियॉन्से जे-जेड हायर पूर्व राष्ट्रपति ओबामा की सीक्रेट सर्विस टीम	उन्हें 99 समस्याएं मिली हैं, लेकिन सुरक्षा के लिए एक बियॉन्से और जे-जेड ने लंबे समय तक पूर्व राष्ट्रपति बराक ओबामा की गुप्त सेवा विस्तार से नहीं पूछा, ताकि पिछले महीने जुड़वाँ रूमी और सर का स्वागत करने के बाद अपने परिवार की रक्षा कर सकें।	Fake
Celebrity	'मेगी केली टुडे' एनबीसी की न्यू मॉर्निंग होस्ट के लिए रेटिंग्स ऑल सनशाइन नहीं	"a इसके मेजबान ने कथित तौर पर एक साल में 17 मिलियन का वेतन बनाया है और मिडटाउन मैनहट्टन में एनबीसी के रॉकफेलर प्लाजा मुख्यालय के भीतर एक नया सेट बनाया गया है, ""मेय्यन केली टुडे"" पिछले 9 एमएम सेगमेंट की तुलना में अधिक महंगा है। "" लंबे समय में दर्शकों को खोना एक समस्या होगी।"	Legit
Celebrity	चेर: मरने के लिए तैयार	हरा अब CHER के लिए नहीं जाता है।	Fake
Celebrity		टेलर स्विफ्ट नए संगीत वीडियो में नग्न दिख रही है	Legit
Celebrity	रोब के। मेगन जेम्स के अंदर 'रोमांस: हाई हिज फैमिली'	अद्यतन: जब तक मेगन जेम्स के साथ रॉब कार्दशियन के संबंधों के बारे में नई रिपोर्ट जारी रहती है, दोनों ने इस मामले को तौलने के लिए सोशल मीडिया का सहारा लिया।	Fake
Celebrity	केटी होम्स जैकलीन कैनेडी के रूप में अपनी भूमिका को दोहराते हुए	"केटी होम्स नई मिनी-सीरीज़, ""द केनेडीज: आफ्टर कैमलॉट"" के लिए जैकलिन कैनेडी के रूप में अपनी भूमिका को दोहरा रही हैं।"	Legit
Celebrity	सेलेना गोमेज़ और अर्जेंटीना में रोमांटिक स्टिक के लिए ईकंड होल्ड हैंड्स	यह ईकंड के लिए कोई अकेला दिन नहीं था।	Legit
Celebrity	जस्टिन बीबर ने स्पष्ट रूप से सेलेना गोमेज़ के बारे में एक 'लव बाइबल' लिखी है, और यह मिठाई लेकिन सुपर अजीब है	पिछले कुछ महीनों में जस्टिन बीबर के चर्च में समय बिताने की कई खबरें आई हैं, लेकिन जो हमें महसूस नहीं हुआ, वह यह नहीं था कि वह किसी पुराने चर्च का दौरा कर रहे थे - यह पिछले रिश्तों का चर्च था।	Fake
Celebrity	"हैट टेलर स्विफ्ट और जो अल्विन के ""वेरी नॉर्मल"" रिलेशनशिप की तरह है"	"टेलर स्विफ्ट और जो अल्विन वर्तमान में निजी रिश्ते की बात कर रहे हैं: उन्होंने सार्वजनिक रूप से एक साथ कदम नहीं रखा है और जिस तरह से स्विफ्ट ने लगभग एक वर्ष के अपने ब्रिटिश प्रेमी के बारे में बात की है वह गीत के माध्यम से है (""... इसके लिए तैयार हैं?""?)। भव्य, ""प्रशंसकों के अनुसार)। लेकिन हमें eekly एक रिपोर्ट है कि इन दिनों दोनों के लिए चीजें कैसे चल रही हैं। एक सूत्र ने बताया कि अल्विन और स्विफ्ट को बहुत प्यार है।"	Legit
Celebrity	ठीक है विशिष्ट: लिंडसे लोहान समारोह में भाग लेने के बाद रूस जाने की योजना बना रहे हैं, तारबासोव ने अपने सामंत को समारोह में उसके माता-पिता के साथ बिठाया	जैसा कि ईगोर ताराबासोव के लिए उनकी शादी की योजनाएँ आकार लेना जारी रखती हैं, एक अंदरूनी सूत्र ने OKMagazine.com को बताया कि लिंडसे लोहान समारोह के बाद एक बड़ी चाल चल सकती हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	'डांसिंग इथ द स्टार्स': डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प ने शो में स्टार से पूछा कि उन्होंने कहा नहीं	टोपी? डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प अभियान के निशान पर बहुत व्यस्त लग रहे हैं, लेकिन उन्हें अपने हाथ (या पैर) पर नृत्य करने के लिए कुछ समय निकालने के लिए आमंत्रित किया गया है।	Fake
Celebrity	टोपी निकी मिनाज ने सेरेना इलियट की शादी के लिए पहना था, यह वास्तव में ठीक नहीं है ... सफेद चमड़े के हॉटपैंट और एक क्रॉप टॉप में रॉकिंग बहुत अधिक है।		Fake
Celebrity	"कैटिलिन जेनर और ओजे सिम्पसन टीवी पर पुन: एकजुट होने के लिए तैयार हैं: ""यह आकर्षक हो"" (EXCLUSIVE)"	इससे बहुत अधिक सनसनीखेज होना मुश्किल है: दुनिया के सबसे प्रसिद्ध बरी किए गए हत्या के संदिग्ध के साथ दुनिया के सबसे प्रसिद्ध ट्रांसजेंडर सेलिब्रिटी की जोड़ी वाले एक टीवी शो - खासकर जब दोनों का कार्दशियन लाइफ स्टाइल से कनेक्शन है, विशेष रूप से पता चला है कि टीवी उत्पादकों के साथ आए हैं ओजे सिम्पसन और उनके पुराने पाल कैटिलिन जेनर को एक साथ एक पुन: प्रसारित करने के लिए विचार।	Fake
Celebrity	मेलानिया ट्रम्प 'अपने पति के उद्घाटन पर राल्फ लॉरेन पहनेंगी'	राल्फ लॉरेन मेलानिया ट्रम्प के उद्घाटन संगठन, शगुन के कान डेली मंगलवार को सूचना देने के लिए दौड़ में नवीनतम अग्रदूत हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	बेयॉन्से की आधिकारिक तौर पर चला गया ओवरबोर्ड उसके CRAZY डिलीवरी प्लान की माँग यहाँ है	"इस बात से कोई इंकार नहीं है कि बेयॉन्से हॉलीवुड की सबसे बड़ी दिवा में से एक है, लेकिन नए स्रोतों से पता चलता है कि उसकी मांगें अभी भी चरमरा गई हैं। अपने प्यारे जुड़वाँ बच्चों के आगमन की प्रत्याशा में, गायिका और उसके पति जे-जेड ने एक वितरण योजना तैयार की है, ताकि आप सोचें कि वे रॉयल्टी हैं। लॉस एंजिल्स के सीडर्स-सिनाई अस्पताल के पास एक किराये की संपत्ति के लिए जाने जाने वाले खबरों की ऊँची एड़ी के जूते पर, जहां बिय को जन्म देने की वजह से, अंदरूनी सूत्र हीट पत्रिका को बताते हैं कि ""यह घटना कोई खर्च नहीं होने वाली है कल्पात्मक नाटक। "" Beyonce के डिलीवरी रूम प्लान के अंदर स्कूप पाने के लिए क्लिक करें, और इस प्रक्रिया में युगल की बेटी, ब्लू आइवी की बहुत ही अजीब भूमिका होगी।"	Fake
Celebrity	सेलेना गोमेज़ और ऑरलैंडो ब्लूम पार्टी एक साथ उनकी 39 वीं जन्मदिन की पार्टी में	सेलेना गोमेज़ और ऑरलैंडो ब्लूम एक बार फिर एक-दूसरे की कंपनी का आनंद ले रहे हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	जेमी फॉक्स और केटी होम्स ने न्यूयॉर्क फैशन ईक मारा	जेमी फॉक्सक्सैंड केटी होम्स ने बिग एप्पल को टक्कर दी है।	Legit
Celebrity	टायरा बैंक्स ने Got अमेरिकाज गॉट टैलेंट ’टैपिंग के दौरान ot इमोशनल डिस्ट्रेस’ के कारण मुकदमा किया	"* ""अमेरिकाज गॉट टैलेंट"" पर एक प्रतियोगी का कहना है कि हाल ही में एक टेप पर उसका प्रदर्शन नए मेजबान टायरा बैंकों द्वारा इतने शातिर तरीके से भुनाया गया था कि इसने उसकी युवा बेटी को भावनात्मक रूप से परेशान कर दिया, जो पंख से देख रही थी।"	Fake
Celebrity	"हो मार्क बिलिंगम? द बॉडीगार्ड का दावा है कि उसने ""ब्रैथेलिना की किड्स को"" फादर किया"	"ब्रैड पिट और एंजेलिना जोली के बिछड़ने की खबर के बाद से, कई लोगों ने सोचा है कि दंपति के छह बच्चों का क्या होगा। बीमार वे माँ के साथ रहते हैं, या पिताजी के साथ, या दोनों के कुछ संयोजन के साथ? या किसी तीसरे व्यक्ति के पास भी पेरेंटिंग अधिकार हो सकते हैं? स्टार युगल के अंगरक्षक, मार्क बिलिंगम दर्ज करें। बिलिंगहम ने कहा कि वह मूल रूप से हमारे बच्चों के ""पिता"" के रूप में ""पिता"" के रूप में ""पिता"" बना देता है।"	Legit
Celebrity	पिताजी की मौत के बाद ओवेन इलसन के लिए नई आत्महत्या का डर	ओवेन इलसन के प्यारे पिता की मृत्यु से भयभीत अभिनेता को डर था कि वह अवसाद के गर्त में वापस आ जाए	Fake
Celebrity	ब्रैड पिट: नो डाउट, टीआरयूएमपी बीमार अमेरिका के इतिहास में सबसे अच्छा राष्ट्रपति है। क्या आप उसका समर्थन करते हैं? ⋆	ब्रैड पिट ने आज के आमंत्रण के रूप में इस सुबह और पत्रकार के बाद ट्रम्प को आलोचना के लिए कहा कि वह यह कहता है: नो डाउट, ट्रम्प बीमार अमेरिका के इतिहास में सबसे अच्छे राष्ट्रपति हैं और आप जल्द ही इस बीमार हैं। पत्रकारों के खिलाफ और सभी लोग नाराज रहे। क्या आप ब्रैड का समर्थन करते हैं? बेरोजगारी यहाँ बढ़ रही है, ”उन्होंने कहा। उसने दुनिया में जितने लोगों को जाना है, उससे अधिक कर्मचारियों, अधिक लोगों को काम पर रखा है।	Fake
Celebrity	क्या एंजेलीना जोली नेमेसिस चेल्सी हैंडलर दिल की धड़कन के बाद ब्रैड पिट के करीब हो रही है?	e ने इसे आते हुए नहीं देखा। एक नई रिपोर्ट के अनुसार एंजेलीना जोली के सबसे खराब हॉलीवुड दुश्मन, चेल्सी हैंडलर, पूर्व प्रेमी ब्रैड पिट के बहुत कम हो सकते हैं। आहा	Fake
Celebrity		एंजेलीना जोली ने उसे इनर-इटच, और इनर-मॉम को गले लगा लिया	Legit
Celebrity		जस्टिन बीबर ने प्रीबी टेनिस कपड़ों का दान करते हुए एक बाईबल कैरी की	Legit
Celebrity	हाउड्स हाउ ऑफ केंडल हैड्स के रहस्य को हल किया गया है	बहुत पहले नहीं, केंडल जेनर और गीगी हदीद सिर्फ दो युवा, असंबद्ध लड़कियां थीं जो कभी-कभी अपने परिवार के सदस्यों के रियलिटी टेलीविजन शो में दिखाई देती थीं। फिर दुनिया झपकी और अचानक वे सुपरमॉडल और सुपर प्रभावितों को दफन कर रहे थे। तब दुनिया फिर से झपकी गई और वे बोनाफाइड सुपरमॉडल BFFs थे। एक और पलक और उनकी बहनें, काइली और बेला, भी अपने प्रभाव और बोझ मॉडल पर बोझ डाल रही थीं।	Legit
Celebrity	बराक मिशेल ओबामा का विवाह मेल्टडाउन - कैसे यह करदाताओं के लाखों का खर्च है	बराक ओबामा और उनकी पत्नी मिशेल राष्ट्रपति के महिलाकरण के मद्देनजर अलग हो रहे हैं। अब करदाताओं की लागत लाखों में है। राष्ट्रपति के महिलाकरण के मद्देनजर गिरते-पड़ते रिश्तों में कड़वाहट आ गई। अब यह करदाताओं की लागत लाखों में है। नेशनल एंक्वायरर ने न्यायिक खंड के सरकारी प्रहरी द्वारा प्राप्त विशेष रिकॉर्ड देखा है - यह खुलासा करते हुए कि क्रिसमस की छुट्टी के लिए हवाई यात्रा करने के लिए सामंती जोड़े ने अलग-अलग निजी विमानों को लिया।	Fake
Celebrity	काइली जेनर ने रिपोर्ट्स के बारे में सीधे रिकॉर्ड किया है टायगा ओवेस 2 मिलियन	उसका पूर्व में बचाव। काइली जेनर ने शुक्रवार, 27 मई को ट्विटर पर खबरें लीं कि उनके पूर्व प्रेमी टायगा पर उनके 2 मिलियन बकाया हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	एक दिशा की हैरी शैलियाँ स्कीइंग हॉलिडे का आनंद लेती हैं ith केंडल जेनर के बीच रोमांस के दावे	'बेस्ट सॉन्ग एवर' स्टार और केंडल सप्ताहांत में अपने स्कीइंग और स्नोबोर्डिंग गियर को एक साथ ले जाते हुए देखे गए।	Legit
Celebrity	यहाँ टोपी हैम किम कार्दशियन है आखिरकार उसकी पहचान उसके सरोगेट करने के लिए पता चला है	किम ने साक्षात्कार में यह भी बताया कि उसने अपने बच्चे को स्नान के लिए सरोगेट को आमंत्रित क्यों नहीं किया। (उसे पहले अपने बच्चों को पूरी तरह से समझाना है।) कुल मिलाकर, यह किम की तरह लगता है और उसके सरोगेट का एक ठोस रिश्ता है।	Legit
Celebrity	ख्लोए कार्दशियन ने नफरत करने वालों को ओजे सिम्पसन को पैरोल दिए जाने के बाद से उन्हें ट्रोल किया है	खोले कार्दशियन के पास नफरत करने वालों के लिए समय नहीं है।	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5056567/Jennifer-Lopez-gets-cozy-star-Milo-Ventimiglia.html	जेनिफर लोपेज ऑन-स्क्रीन बॉयफ्रेंड मिलो वेन्टिमिग्लिया के साथ सहज हो जाती हैं	Fake
Celebrity	लियोनार्डो डिकैप्रियो को उनके जन्मदिन के लिए एक तारीख की रात केट इनलेट का आनंद मिलता है - पिक्स देखें	लियोनार्डो डिकैप्रियो ने अपने सबसे प्रसिद्ध सह-कलाकार केट इनलेट को शुक्रवार की रात अपने 43 वें जन्मदिन से ठीक एक दिन पहले शुक्रवार को मना लिया। दोनों ने सांता मोनिका रेस्तरां जियोर्जियो Baldi में एक साथ दो घंटे बिताए, जिसके बाद उन्हें सुरक्षा से बचा लिया गया और एक साथ एक ही कार में मिला। उनके अंतरंग रात के चित्रों को देखने के लिए क्लिक करें	Fake
Celebrity	पॉप अंदरूनी सूत्रों का दावा है कि जस्टिन बीबर ने लंबे समय से चल रहे दौरे को रद्द कर दिया क्योंकि वह अपना चर्च शुरू करने पर विचार कर रहा है	"पीओपी के अंदरूनी सूत्रों ने सनसनीखेज दावा किया है कि जस्टिन बीबर ने अपने वर्तमान लंबे समय से चल रहे दौरे को रद्द कर दिया है, ताकि वह अपना खुद का चर्च शुरू कर सकें। बीबर ने कल लाखों प्रशंसकों को चौंका दिया जब उन्होंने खुलासा किया कि वह महीनों पहले उद्देश्य यात्रा को बंद कर रहे थे क्योंकि यह ""समाप्त हो गया"" था। कनाडाई ने खुलासा किया है कि वह अपनी धार्मिक जड़ों की ओर वापस जाना चाहता है"	Fake
Celebrity	किम, कोर्टनी ख्लोए कार्दशियन ला में Cinco de Mayo मनाते हैं	कार्दशियन बहनों का सिनेको डे मेयो उत्सव है	Legit
Celebrity	हाय जस्टिन टिम्बरलेक एमीस जेसिका बील के पास नहीं गया	जेसिका बील ने 17 सितंबर, रविवार को एलए में 2017 एमी अवार्ड्स में अपने सामान्य अवार्ड शो की तारीख, पति जस्टिन टिम्बरलेक की ओर से बिना किसी कारण के चौंका दिया - और यह पता चलता है कि 35 वर्षीय अभिनेत्री बहुत अच्छे कारण से एकल सवारी कर रही थीं।	Legit
Celebrity	62 में डेविड गेस्ट मृत पाए गए: लिजा मिनेल्ली के पूर्व पति को लंदन के होटल में 'अस्पष्टीकृत' मौत के बाद खोजा गया था	"रियलिटी टीवी स्टार और लिजा मिनेल्ली के पूर्व पति डेविड गेस्ट को लंदन के पांच सितारा होटल में ""अस्पष्टीकृत"" परिस्थितियों में मृत पाया गया है।"	Legit
Celebrity	उस समय की राजकुमारी डायना ने गोल्डन गर्ल्स को पछाड़ दिया और फ्रेडी मर्करी के साथ एक गे बार क्रश किया	प्रिंसेस डायना ने ब्रिटिश शाही परिवार में शादी करने के दौरान शायद ही अधिक मज़ा किया हो, जैसा कि हमने मूल रूप से सोचा था। अपनी नई किताब में, ब्रिटिश कॉमेडी अभिनेत्री क्लियो रोकोस का कहना है कि वह, क्वीन फ्रंट मैन फ्रेडी मर्करी, और कॉमेडियन केनी एवरेट ने 1980 के दशक के अंत में राजकुमारी डायना को एक दक्षिण-लंदन गे बार, रॉयल वॉक्सहॉल टैवर्न में छीन लिया था। रोकोस ने द पॉवर ऑफ पॉजिटिव ड्रिंकिंग में शाम को याद करते हुए लिखा है कि तिकड़ी ने एएफपी द्वारा कहानी के एक लेख के अनुसार, एक सेना की जैकेट, टोपी और धूप के चश्मे में प्यारे स्वर्गीय शाही कपड़े पहने थे, और खुद का आनंद लेने में सक्षम थे। भीड़ में बुध की लोकप्रियता के लिए धन्यवाद:	Legit
Celebrity	Kitesurfing, बोनो के साथ दोपहर का भोजन, हवाई में गोल्फ: सभी Obamas के जीवन के बारे में अब	वे हाईट हाउस के बुलबुले से मुक्त हो गए हैं और वे पीछे मुड़कर नहीं देख रहे हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	जे-रॉड जेनिफर लोपेज और एलेक्स रोड्रिगेज लव, ब्यूटी और रिडेम्पशन पर	"जेनिफर लोपेज और एलेक्स रोड्रिगेज द्वारा किए गए असली शोहरत और सामान के बावजूद, उनका रिश्ता सही मायने में मायने रखता है। दोनों ने मामूली पृष्ठभूमि से शुरू किया, बड़े समय तक तेजी से मारा, और जीवित रहने के लिए अपने स्वयं के राक्षसों से युद्ध करना पड़ा। नए जोड़े ने अपने तंत्रिका-रैकिंग की पहली तारीख से लेकर ""बंधन"" के बारे में सब कुछ पर चर्चा की, जिसने उनके बंधन को जाली बना दिया।"	Legit
Celebrity	लेडी गागा गर्भवती नहीं हैं, प्रतिनिधि कहते हैं	"लॉस एंजेलिस: लेडी गागा के प्रतिनिधि ने उन खबरों का खंडन किया है जिनमें कहा गया है कि गायिका गर्भवती है। पिछले सप्ताह गागा द्वारा खेली गई तस्वीरों में दिखाई देने के बाद अफवाहें उड़ी थीं। एक पत्रिका ने अपने नवीनतम अंक में दावा किया कि 29 वर्षीय ने ""रास्ते में बच्चे को जन्म दिया था।"" हालांकि, रिपोर्ट को गागा के प्रतिनिधि द्वारा खारिज कर दिया गया था। प्रतिनिधि ने रूमर फिक्स टैब्लॉइड को बताया कि गागा अपने मंगेतर टेलर किन्नी के साथ एक बच्चे की उम्मीद नहीं कर रही है, aceshowbiz.com की रिपोर्ट करती है। जो लोग सदमे में थे, उन्होंने गागा की तस्वीरों को ""बेबी बंप"" के साथ पोस्ट करने के लिए ट्विटर पर लिया। कुछ लोगों ने उसे समुद्र तट पर मारते हुए दिखाया। एक चुस्त, क्रीम रंग की मैक्सी ड्रेस के साथ, जबकि अन्य तस्वीरों में वह किन्नी के साथ मालीबु बीच से टकराने पर नीले रंग की काफ्तान ड्रेस पहने हुए दिखाई दीं। गागा ने इंस्टाग्राम पर फ्लैट टमी के साथ उनकी एक तस्वीर इंस्टाग्राम पर साझा की। ""डैडीज गर्ल"", उन्होंने इसे कैद किया। हालांकि, यह पहली बार नहीं है जब गायिका के गर्भवती होने की अफवाह है। पहले भी इस पर कयास लगाए जाते रहे हैं।"	Legit
Celebrity	"कॉर्टनी और केंडल कान्स में एक ""सन आउट, बन्स आउट"" बोट डे है"	कर्टनी कार्दशियन और केंडल जेनर वर्तमान में कान फिल्म महोत्सव के लिए फ्रांस के दक्षिण में रह रहे हैं, और बहनों को सोमवार को एंटिबेस में एक नौका पर आराम करते हुए कुछ स्विमिंग सूट में मिला; इस जोड़ी को दोस्त सिमोन हक के साथ एक-एक टुकड़े में उछलते और बातें करते देखा गया। अगले दिन, उन्होंने पानी पर एक दिन के लिए अपने सबसे अच्छे समुद्री वस्त्र दान करके आने वाले मज़े को बनाए रखा। उनके ईर्ष्यापूर्ण मजाक से पहले, कॉर्टनी ने रविवार को जीन-मिशेल कॉस्ट्यू के समुद्र के किनारों के जश्न में एक रात्रिभोज में भाग लिया, जबकि केंडल ने नाओमी कैंपबेल के वार्षिक फैशन फॉर रिलीफ इवेंट के लिए रनवे पर जोर दिया, जिसमें केट मॉस, हेदी क्लम और केंडल का भी काम किया। पाल बेला हदीद। कोर्टनी और केंडल के कान रोमांच से सभी तस्वीरें देखने के लिए पढ़ते रहें।	Legit
Celebrity	सेलेना गोमेज़ को 'अमेरिकन आइडल' जज के रूप में देखा जा रहा है	"गायक को सिंगिंग रियलिटी शो ""अमेरिकन आइडल"" के लिए गायक के साथ न्यायाधीश के रूप में देखा जा रहा है।"	Fake
Celebrity	एलेन, पोर्टिया 'महाकाव्य' लड़ाई के बाद उपस्थिति को रद्द करते हैं	रविवार की घटना के रास्ते में कार में भारी लड़ाई होने के बाद बचाया जानवरों के लिए एलेन डीजेनरेस और पोर्टिया डी रॉसी ने एक चैरिटी फंड-राइजर में नहीं दिखाया।	Fake
Celebrity	यह सब के बारे में है किम कार्दशियन Kanye est मना कर दिया चैरिटी मुकदमा करने के लिए दान दान ith YouTube संस्थापक सगाई वीडियो पर	यह सब किम कार्दशियन और कान्ये स्था के बारे में है	Fake
Celebrity	हिलेरी क्लिंटन मूवी - ग्लेन क्लोज अभिनीत	एक फिल्म हिलेरी क्लिंटन और उनके अद्भुत जीवन के बारे में काम करती है, और महान अभिनेत्री ग्लेन क्लोज़ को पूर्व प्रथम महिला और राष्ट्रपति पद के उम्मीदवार की भूमिका के लिए चुना गया है	Fake
Celebrity	ओवेन इलसन कहते हैं कि उनके बच्चे छोटे कॉमेडियन में बदल रहे हैं	ओवेन इलसन कॉमेडी में अपने बच्चों के संभावित करियर के बारे में खोल रहे हैं	Legit
Celebrity	सेलेना गोमेज़ पुनर्मिलन के बाद जस्टिन के साथ 'क्रेज़ी इन लव' हैं: वह 'लाइट जॉयफुल' हैं	यदि सेलेना गोमेज़ ऐसा लगता है कि वह जस्टिन बीबर के साथ पुनर्मिलन के बाद से अपना सर्वश्रेष्ठ जीवन जी रही है - तो उसे एक्सेल्युसिव मिल गया है जो सेल्व के 'प्यार' में है और बीवी के साथ वापस आने के लिए खुश है।	Fake
Celebrity	26 साल की जेनिफर लॉरेंस और 47 साल के डैरेन एरोनोफ्स्की से प्यार करने के लिए सलाम, क्योंकि वे NYC में टहलने के लिए अपने रोमांस के साथ सार्वजनिक होते हैं	वे अपने नवोदित रोमांस को लपेटे में रखते थे लेकिन ऐसा लगता है कि जेनिफर लॉरेंस और डेरेन एरोनोफ़्स्की ने अपने रिश्ते के बारे में अधिक खुला रहने के लिए नए साल का संकल्प किया है।	Legit
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन ने कहा कि राष्ट्रपति के लिए रनिंग के बारे में कान्ये एस्ट 'गंभीर' हैं	द एलेन शो एडनेसडे पर, रियलिटी टीवी शो स्टार किम कार्दशियन एस्ट ने मेजबान एलेन डीजेनर्स को बताया कि उनके पति, रैपर कान्य एस्ट, का निश्चित रूप से वह मतलब है जब उन्होंने एमटीवी वीडियो म्यूजिक अवार्ड्स में अनायास घोषणा की थी, जिसे वह यूनाइटेड के राष्ट्रपति के लिए चलाना चाहते हैं। राज्य अमेरिका।	Legit
Celebrity	स्कारलेट जोहानसन की डर्टी टॉक ith SNL स्टड	माइक एल्कर रिपोर्ट्स ... अगर आप उन्हें चालू करना चाहते हैं तो महिलाओं से कभी भी गंदी बात न करें - ठीक है, दोस्तों?	Fake
Celebrity	हार्वे आइंस्टीन ने न्यूयॉर्क टाइम्स पर 50M के लिए मुकदमा चलाने की योजना बनाई है	"हार्वे आइंस्टीन का कहना है कि वह न्यूयॉर्क टाइम्स पर एक अनुमान के अनुसार 50 मिलियन का मुकदमा करेंगे, क्योंकि यह एक धमाकेदार रिपोर्ट प्रकाशित हुई थी जिसमें दावा किया गया था कि फिल्म अभिनेत्रियों और महिला कर्मचारियों को ""यौन उत्पीड़न के दशकों""।"	Fake
Celebrity		जेनिफर गार्नर ने लड़कियों को चेल्सी हैंडलर के साथ नाइट आउट किया	Legit
Celebrity	'लड़की' कान्ये लड़ाई का सामना करती है, एना ने मंगेतर किम कार्दशियन के बजाय 'वोग' कवर पर लीना डनहम को घुसाने की कोशिश की	अपने डिजाइन किए स्नीकर्स के लिए बहुत बड़ा, कान्ये? बेवर्ली हिल्स पोलो लाउंज में हाल ही में दोपहर के भोजन के दौरान, हिप हॉप स्टार ने वोग एडिटर-इन-चीफ अन्ना से इस सवाल का जवाब देने की मांग की: हाई, उसने लड़कियों के स्टार लीना डनहम को फेमस फैशन बाइबिल के लिए योग्य होने के नाते जज किया, जबकि उनके मंगेतर, किम कार्दशियन, लंबे समय से अनदेखी की गई है?	Fake
Celebrity	रिपोर्ट के बावजूद निकी मिनाज ने सेरेना इलियट की एडिंग के लिए हॉट पैंट और क्रॉप टॉप नहीं पहना	"निकी मिनाज ने सेरेना इलियट की शादी में हॉट पैंट और क्रॉप टॉप नहीं पहना था, बावजूद इसके फोटोशॉप्ड इमेज के आधार पर एक संगीन रिपोर्ट दर्ज की गई थी। शुरुआत के लिए, रैपर भी टेनिस स्टार के nuptials में शामिल नहीं हुए। गॉसिप कॉप रिकॉर्ड को सीधे सेट कर सकता है। इलियट ने गुरुवार को न्यू ऑरलियन्स में दोस्तों और परिवार के सामने इंटरनेट उद्यमी एलेक्सिस ओहानियन से शादी कर ली। अतिथि सूची में बेयॉन्से, किम कार्दशियन, केली रोलैंड, अन्ना इंटौर, सियारा और इवा लोंगोरिया सहित कई हस्तियां शामिल थीं। मिनाज उपस्थिति में नहीं था, लेकिन आयरिश वेबसाइट हर ने एक सिद्धांतबद्ध इंस्टाग्राम फोटो पोस्ट की, जो बियॉन्से और रिहाना के साथ पार्टी में उसे दिखाती है। साइट ने अपने गलत लेख को शीर्षक दिया, ""टोपी निकी मिनाज ने सेरेना इलियट की शादी के लिए पहना था, वास्तव में ठीक नहीं है,"" और कहते हैं कि गायक ने समारोह को ""सफेद चमड़े के हॉटपैंट और एक फसल शीर्ष"" दिखाया। गलत सूचना देने वाले ने कहा कि मिनाज का पहनावा ""बहुत ज्यादा था,"" आगे भी यह कहते हुए कि वह ""शादी की शिष्टाचार रेखा को नजरअंदाज करती है।"" लेकिन रैपर की पोशाक के बारे में साइट की राय पूरी तरह से मूक है। टेनिस खिलाड़ी की शादी में न तो मिनाज और रिहाना थीं। दोनों संगीत सितारों को समारोह में अकेले बियॉन्से की एक तस्वीर में उतारा गया। यह स्पष्ट नहीं है कि आयरिश आउटलेट अपने पाठकों को बरगलाने की कोशिश कर रहा है या नकली छवि से खुद को धोखा दे रहा है, लेकिन मिनाज ने इलियट की शादी के लिए एक अनुपयुक्त पोशाक नहीं पहनी थी, जिसमें वह शामिल नहीं हुई थी। यह ध्यान दिया जाना चाहिए, गपशप कॉप को टेनिस स्टार के गुपचुप जीवनकाल के दौरान कई झूठी कहानियों को छोड़ना पड़ा है, जब से वह गलियारे से नीचे चली गई थी। ई ने हाल ही में हॉलीवुडलाइफ को शादी में ""बर्फीले एक्सचेंज"" होने के बारे में बियोंस और कार्दशियन के बारे में एक रिपोर्ट बनाने के लिए फटकारा। गॉसिप कॉप ने रेडरऑनलाइन को यह भी बताया कि कार्दशियन के बारे में एक कहानी बनाई जा रही है ताकि वह अपने फोन का इस्तेमाल करने वालों की शादी में चिल्ला सके। इस घटना से संबंधित यह नवीनतम लेख इसी तरह से है।"	Legit
Celebrity	लिंडसे लोहान ने कथित तौर पर रूसी वारिस से सगाई की है	लंबे समय से, लिंडसे लोहान को प्यार मिला है।	Legit
Celebrity	एनोरेक्सिक एंजेलीना जोली दूर से	एंजेलीना जोली की रेल-पतली आकृति उसे मरने से बचाने के लिए हस्तक्षेप करने का आह्वान करने के लिए करीब से संकेत दे रही है	Fake
Celebrity	रोजी ओ'डोनेल, हूपी गोल्डबर्ग ने वजन घटाने वाली कहानियों की अदला-बदली की	"(सीएनएन) - ""द व्यू"" सोमवार को टीवी पर एक नए सेट, दो नए चेहरों और लौटने वाले मेजबानों की एक जोड़ी के साथ वापस लौट आया, जिन्होंने अपना समय अपने स्वास्थ्य पर ध्यान केंद्रित करते हुए बिताया है।"	Legit
Celebrity	हार्टब्रोकन जेनिफर एनिस्टन ने गोद लेने के लिए सीमा पर दौड़ लगाई	जेनिफर एनिस्टन बॉर्डर के दक्षिण से एक बच्चे को गोद लेना चाह रही हैं - नेशनल एंक्वायरर ने अपने एस्ट्रानजेड भाई के प्रति अपने दिल टूटने की घोषणा करने के कुछ ही हफ्तों बाद घोषणा की कि वह फिर से एक पिता बन रहे हैं	Fake
Celebrity	जस्टिन बीबर पूर्व सेलेना गोमेज़ के रूप में एक ही ग्रेमी इवेंट में भाग लेते हैं	"उह, जस्टिन बीबर, 22, ने संगीत उद्योग के सबसे बड़े सितारों के साथ पार्टी करने के लिए 1 फरवरी, 12 फरवरी को रिहाना के पोस्ट ग्रैमी बैश को हिट करने का फैसला किया और दुर्भाग्य से उनके लिए जिसमें उनके पूर्व सेलेना गोमेज़, 24 और उनके नए प्रेमी शामिल थे eeknd, 26. जैसा कि हमने आपको बताया कि EXCLUSIVELY ने कहा, यह जोड़ी अपने हाथों को अपने पास नहीं रख सकती, बहुत सारे पीडीए पर पैकिंग करते हुए वीआईपी बूथ में बैठी रहती है और जाहिरा तौर पर बीवाईबीएस के साथ अच्छी तरह से नहीं बैठती है। उन्होंने पार्टी में कुछ समय के लिए दिखाया, फिर इधर-उधर घुमाया और आने के कुछ ही देर बाद वहां से बाहर निकल गए। एक स्रोत HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY को बताता है कि, ""वह एक गर्म सेकंड के लिए था ... बहुत लंबे समय तक नहीं वह तुरंत छोड़ दिया"""	Fake
Celebrity	ट्रम्प के साक्षात्कार के लीक होने के बाद बिली बुश की पत्नी उन पर 'उग्र' है	बिली बुश ने भले ही अपनी पत्नी के साथ एक नई सेल्फी पोस्ट की हो, लेकिन अफवाहें ज़ोर पकड़ रही हैं कि सभी अपने मलेशियाई स्वर्ग में वापस नहीं जा सकते हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	2017 के संगीत अवार्ड्स में एनेलिन डायन का दिल- 'माय हार्ट इल गो गो ऑन' का प्रदर्शन	"सेलीन डायोन ने रविवार रात (21 मई) 2017 बिलियन म्यूजिक अवार्ड्स में एक मील ऊंचे झूमर के अंदर से प्रदर्शन करते हुए अपने दिल को छू लेने वाले प्रेम गीत, ""माई हार्ट बीमार गो ऑन,"" की 20 वीं वर्षगांठ को चिह्नित किया। जैसे-जैसे यह ऊंचा होता गया, वैसे-वैसे डियोन के वोकल्स बढ़ते गए।"	Legit
Celebrity	कैसे जेनेट जैक्सन 70 पाउंड खो दिया है	कथित तौर पर 51 वर्षीय नई माँ एक चिकना काया खेल रही है कि उसकी ट्रेनर कहती है कि उसने बिना कार्डियो के बड़े पैमाने पर घंटों तक काम पूरा किया, कथित तौर पर 70 पाउंड बहाए।	Legit
Celebrity	जॉर्ज, अमल क्लूनी नफरत समूहों से निपटने के लिए दक्षिणी गरीबी कानून केंद्र को 1M दान करते हैं	अगर पैसे की बात की जाए, तो जॉर्ज और अमल क्लूनी ने मंगलवार को दक्षिणी गरीबी कानून केंद्र को 1 मिलियन दान करके, चार्लोट्सविले, वाया में त्रासदी और हिंसा के मद्देनजर नफरत समूहों से लड़ने में मदद की।	Legit
Celebrity	GIRL ABOUT TO N: विक्टोरिया बेकहम पांचवें बच्चे की तैयारी कर रही है	विक्टोरिया बेकहम, अपने सबसे अच्छे दोस्त, ताना रामसे के करीबी सूत्रों के अनुसार, पति डेविड के साथ पांचवें बच्चे की तैयारी कर रही है।	Fake
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन पेरिस रॉबरी के बाद के जीवन के बारे में खुलता है	आज सुबह, किम कार्दशियन को नाश्ते से कुछ ही मिनटों की देरी है क्योंकि वह अपने चेहरे से इस जेल-मास्क की चीज नहीं निकाल सकती। वह मिडटाउन मैनहट्टन में Baccarat होटल की ऊपरी पहुँच में एक कमरे में रहती है। एक विशाल बिस्तर के साथ एक कमरा, जिसमें वह सोया था, बट से बट, अपनी चार साल की बेटी, उत्तर के साथ। और उस कमरे में उसने एक मुखौटा लगाया - कॉस्मेटिक किस्म का, हेलोवीन किस्म का नहीं - केवल यह जानने के लिए कि वह वास्तव में इसे बंद नहीं कर सकती। यहाँ उसे यह सोने की जेल-मास्क वाली चीज़ मिली जो आपकी त्वचा को स्वस्थ बनाने वाली है? यार, जब तुम किम कार्दशियन हो, तुम नहीं जानते कि सब कुछ कहाँ से आता है। लोग आपको सिर्फ सामान देते हैं। वॉल्ट और दरवाजे और दुनिया के एक्सप्रेस-वे खाते खुलते हैं और सामानों का एक निशुल्क प्रवाह बस आपके ऊपर जलता है। किम इसका आनंद लेने की कोशिश करता है, क्योंकि वह ज्ञानवर्धक चीज है। लेकिन अभी वह अपने कमरे में ऊपर की ओर है और अपने चेहरे को फ्री जेल-मास्क की चीज से अलग करने की कोशिश कर रही है।	Legit
Celebrity	जिम कैरी कहते हैं कि उन्होंने इमोशनल स्टेज अपीयरेंस में 'रिवर ऑफ सोर्रो' को भेजा है	55 वर्षीय कॉमेडियन ने राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रंप के चुनाव के मद्देनजर मौजूदा राजनीतिक माहौल के बारे में स्पष्ट बातचीत के लिए वृत्तचित्र और कार्यकर्ता माइकल मूर के ब्रॉडवे शो द टर्म्स ऑफ माय सरेंडर को गुरुवार रात को रोक दिया।	Legit
Celebrity	जे-जेड: 'जीसस इज फेक न्यूज; लूसिफ़ेर इज़ एज़ ऑफ ट्रुथ एंड लाइट '	"""यीशु मसीह मूल नकली समाचार है,"" जे-जेड के अनुसार, जो दावा करता है कि ""यीशु ने पृथ्वी पर कभी नहीं चला, y'all खेला जा रहा है"" और ""यीशु का विचार सिर्फ स्मार्ट लोगों द्वारा गूंगा लोगों को नियंत्रित करने के लिए उपयोग किया जाने वाला उपकरण है। """	Fake
Celebrity	रॉबर्ट पैटिंसन: 'गोधूलि का सबसे कठिन हिस्सा जो मैंने किया है'	उन्होंने ट्वाइलाइट में किशोर पिशाच दिल-धड़कन एडवर्ड कुलेन के रूप में अपना नाम बनाया। तब सह St स्टार क्रिस्टन स्टीवर्ट के साथ उनके अशांत रोमांस दुनिया के गपशप स्तंभों पर हावी थे। अब रॉबर्ट पैटिनसन बड़ी उम्र के हैं, समझदार हैं और अपनी हॉलीवुड की सुंदर-सुंदर छवि को बहा रहे हैं। वह डेविड मिचॉड के डायस्टोपियन आउटबैक वेस्टर्न द रोवर में अपनी नई भूमिका के बारे में बात करते हैं	Legit
Celebrity	एम्बर हर्ड ने एक्वामैन सेट से तस्वीर साझा की	ऑस्ट्रेलिया में एक्वामैन के लिए फिल्मांकन शुरू होने के ठीक बाद, हमें अभिनेत्री अंबर हर्ड के रूप में मेरा पहला रूप मिला। अब सुना है कि जेसन मोमोआ के साथ खुद की एक तस्वीर साझा करने के लिए ट्विटर पर ले जाया गया है - फिल्म के शीर्षक भूमिका के पीछे अभिनेता - और निर्देशक जेम्स ए।	Legit
Celebrity	ट्रेजिक ग्वेन स्टेफनी लॉस एफोर्ड के टूटने के बाद सुनते हैं	पॉप सॉन्गबर्ड ग्वेन स्टेफनी बहरे को समाप्त कर सकते हैं और अपने शानदार गायन करियर को बर्बाद कर सकते हैं	Fake
Celebrity	फेस लिफ्ट, बोटॉक्स, पील्स, ओह माय एलेन डीजेनर्स की प्लास्टिक सर्जरी जुनून का खुलासा किया	एलेन डीजेनर्स के जुनून के साथ हमेशा के लिए युवा रहने के लिए उसके चेहरे पर लिखा है - सचमुच नेशनल एनक्वायरर की एक नई रिपोर्ट में, सूत्र बताते हैं कि डाउन-टू-अर्थ टॉक शो क्वीन वास्तव में एक प्लास्टिक सर्जरी नशेड़ी है।	Fake
Celebrity	सेलेना गोमेज़ और जस्टिन बीबर बस चूमा उनकी हॉकी खेल पर	जैसे ही ईकंड अपने पूर्व, बेला हदीद के साथ फिर से जुड़ता है, सेलेना गोमेज़ जस्टिन बीबर के साथ दिखाई देने लगती है। कल रात, उसने ला (दूसरी बार) में अपने हॉकी खेल में कनाडाई पॉप स्टार का समर्थन किया। और दो को अगले स्तर तक ले लिया पीडीए: वे रिंक पर चुंबन देखे गए।	Legit
Celebrity	मिरांडा लैम्बर्ट पर ब्लेक शेल्टन और लिंडसे स्पोरर धोखा - तलाक की उम्मीद | सेलेब डर्टी लॉन्ड्री	ऐसा लग रहा है कि मिरांडा लैम्बर्ट का सबसे बुरा डर सच हो सकता है। हाल की तस्वीरों से देखते हुए, ब्लेक शेल्टन ने वास्तव में खुद को एक युवा, अपनी पत्नी की स्किनर संस्करण पाया, ब्लेक ने उशेर की 35 वीं जन्मदिन की पार्टी में भाग लेने का फैसला किया और मिरांडा कहीं नहीं मिली। यह लगभग ऐसा है जैसे वह ब्लेक से बचने के लिए अपने रास्ते से बाहर चली जाती है जब वह किसी के आस-पास होता है, जिसके साथ वह काम करती है और फिर उसे अपने चेहरे पर फेंक देती है कि वे हमेशा वैसे भी अलग हैं, इस विशेष रात को वह घर पर थी, लेकिन उसके लिए मत सोचो एक मिनट जो ब्लेक अकेला था।	Fake
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन बताती हैं कि आखिर ट्रम्प को वोट क्यों नहीं दिया जाएगा	वहां एक पल के लिए ऐसा लगा कि हिलेरी क्लिंटन किम कार्दशियन वोट हार गई हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	क्या कैमरन डियाज़ की महान त्वचा के पीछे ईवियन ऐटर सीक्रेट है? और अधिक पढ़ें: https://tr.im/207sZ	यह उन अफवाहों में से एक है जो इतनी हास्यास्पद है कि हम चाहते हैं कि यह सच था स्टार पत्रिका अपने नवीनतम अंक में रिपोर्ट कर रही है कि ए-सूची की अभिनेत्री कैमरन डियाज केवल बोतलबंद पानी का उपयोग स्नान करने के लिए करती हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	क्या मेक मिल ने लेसी ट्राइस्ट में निकी मिनाज को यंग एमए ढूंढा?	निकी मिनाज और मीक मिल के बारे में एक कहानी खोजना बिल्कुल खिंचाव नहीं है। पिछले साल, कनाडाई रैपर ड्रेक के साथ मीक मिल के गोमांस ने हमें महीनों तक मनोरंजन किया, और मिनाज शायद ही कम-प्रोफ़ाइल है। पिछले कुछ वर्षों में, मिनाज अपने संगीत के लिए लगभग सोशल मीडिया के झगड़े के रूप में जाना जाता है। नतीजतन, सेलिब्रिटी पर नजर रखने वालों को हमेशा अगले मीक मिल और निकी मिनाज कहानी के लिए एक आंख है। हाल के सप्ताहों में, मिल और मिनाज के बारे में अधिकांश कहानियों ने इस बात पर ध्यान केंद्रित किया है कि हिप-हॉप के पावर कपल अभी भी डेटिंग कर रहे हैं या नहीं।	Fake
Celebrity	मारिया कैरी, मैनेजर स्टेला बुलोनिकोव स्प्लिट	मारिया केरी और उनके तीन साल के प्रबंधक स्टेला बुलोनिकोव अब प्रबंधक और ग्राहक के रूप में एक साथ काम नहीं कर रहे हैं, विविधता की पुष्टि की गई है।	Legit
Celebrity	जेनिफर एनिस्टन, दिवा? अभिनेत्री ने सेट पर ro बेपनाह ’होने की अफवाह फैलाई, सामाजिक नहीं हुईं (रिपोर्ट)	"क्या यह पूर्व ""मित्र"" वास्तविक जीवन में दोस्ताना से कम हो सकता है? अफवाह है कि यह मामला है।"	Legit
Celebrity	एलेन डीजेनरेस डाइन ith मिस्ट्री ब्रूटल एमिड तलाक अफवाहें ith पोर्टिया डी रॉसी	एलेन डीजेनरेस ने हाल ही में पत्नी पोर्टिया डी रोसी के साथ अपने आसन्न तलाक की अफवाहों के बीच एक रहस्य श्यामला के साथ कदम रखा। टीवी होस्ट की तस्वीरें सभी अज्ञात महिला के साथ मुस्कुराती हैं और उनके अलगाव की अटकलों को हवा देती हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	जेक गिलेनहाल टेलर स्विफ्ट प्रश्नों के लिए यहां नहीं हैं	बाएं, माइक पोंट / ireImage द्वारा; ठीक है, जीसी इमेज से, गेटी इमेज दोनों से।	Legit
Celebrity	"जेनिफर एनिस्टन और जस्टिन थेरॉक्स ने एक ""बड़े पैमाने पर विविधीकरण"" किया, जो उनके गुप्त संपादन की योजना बना रहे थे"	"एक तरफ बैठने में असहज, यह लग रहा था जैसे जेनिफर एनिस्टन और जस्टिन थेरॉक्स की गुप्त शादी, इस गर्मी में, बिना किसी रोक-टोक के चली गई। अविश्वसनीय रूप से, मालिबू नूप्लियल्स के बारे में विवरण प्रेस में लीक नहीं किया गया था। जिमी किमेल ने एक ""सुंदर"" काम किया, जो समारोह का आयोजन कर रहा था, जिसमें मिठाई और मजाकिया के बीच सही संतुलन पाया गया। हॉवर्ड स्टर्न ने एक भाषण दिया। और बाद में, नववरवधू समूह के हनीमून पर शुरू हुए, जिसके बारे में हमने कभी सुना है। लेकिन एडनेसडे पर, एचबीओ के द लेफ्टर्स के नए सीज़न को बढ़ावा देते हुए, थेरॉक्स ने खुलासा किया कि शादी की योजना बनाते समय दोनों ने एक ""बड़े पैमाने पर गलत चित्रण"" किया।"	Legit
Celebrity	विक्टोरिया बेकहम आखिरकार दावा करती हैं कि वह पति डेविड के साथ 42 साल के अपने FIFTH बच्चे के लिए कोशिश कर रही हैं	प्रसिद्ध युगल, जो लंदन में रहते हैं, पहले से ही उनके तीन बेटे और एक बेटी है	Legit
Celebrity	सारा जेसिका पार्कर एना इंटूर से वोग मैगज़ीन कंट्रोल करती है? | सेलेब डर्टी लॉन्ड्री	वहाँ केवल एक ही अन्ना है, लेकिन वहाँ केवल इतना है कि वह वोग चला सकते हैं। अन्ना की अब 64 साल की उम्र हो गई है, और जब तक उन्हें वोग को चालू रखने के लिए बहुत साल मिल गए, उनका शासनकाल हमेशा के लिए नहीं चल रहा है। आखिरकार, उसे एक उत्तराधिकारी ढूंढना होगा, और रडार ऑनलाइन की एक रिपोर्ट के अनुसार, वह उत्तराधिकारी सारा जेसिका पार्कर होगी।	Fake
Celebrity	"पूर्व बीटल रिंगो स्टार ने 1966 में ""रियल"" पॉल मेकार्टनी की मृत्यु का दावा किया और लुक-अलाइक द्वारा प्रतिस्थापित किया गया"	बेवर्ली हिल्स | बीटल्स के पूर्व ड्रमर, रिंगो स्टार ने आज सुबह अपने शानदार कैलिफ़ोर्निया निवास में एक साक्षात्कार के दौरान दुनिया को चौंका दिया, जब उन्होंने स्वीकार किया कि 1966 में पॉल मैकार्टनी की कथित मौत के बारे में 45 साल पुरानी अफवाहें वास्तव में सच थीं।	Fake
Celebrity	जेनिफर लोपेज ने बाय बाय बर्डी, एनबीसी के अगले लाइव म्यूजिकल को छेड़ा	HBCpray का NBC का लाइव टेलीकास्ट अभी भी चल रहा है, लेकिन जेनिफर लोपेज पहले से ही नेटवर्क के अगले बड़े म्यूज़िकल प्रोडक्शन के लिए तैयार है, बाय बाय बर्डी लाइव	Legit
Celebrity		दुखी जेनिफर हडसन को दुःस्वप्न दिवा व्यवहार पर 'द वॉयस' में वापस जाने के लिए नहीं कहा गया	Fake
Celebrity	बिली बुश ने लीक हुए डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प टेप घोटाले के बाद आधिकारिक तौर पर एनबीसी टुडे शो से बर्खास्त कर दिया	2005 के टेप की सामग्री 7 अक्टूबर को रिपोर्ट किए जाने के दो दिन बाद बुश को सुबह के शो में निलंबित कर दिया गया था।	Legit
Celebrity	हाइलाइन डायन और चेर एक दूसरे से नफरत करते हैं	चेर ने 2017 के बिलबोर्ड म्यूजिक अवार्ड्स में 'इफ आई टर्न बैक टाइम' और 'बिलीव' कहे जाने के बाद कल बमुश्किल क्रिस्टल से तैयार किए गए क्रिस्टल वाले परिधान में भीड़ को जगाया।	Fake
Celebrity	विश्लेषण | कान्ये स्थ और कैसे हिप-हॉप मानसिक स्वास्थ्य से निपटते हैं	यह पूरी तरह से स्पष्ट नहीं है कि कान्ये एस्ट के साथ क्या हो रहा है। कैलिफोर्निया में हाल ही में शो के दौरान मंच पर रेंट देने वाले फिल्माए गए रैपर ने सोमवार को अपने सेंट पाब्लो दौरे में शेष 21 तारीखों को रद्द कर दिया। घंटों बाद, उन्हें तनाव और थकावट के लिए अस्पताल में भर्ती कराया गया।	Legit
Celebrity	लियाम पायने बस हैरी स्टाइल्स का सोलो म्यूज़िक डिसाइड किया	हैरी स्टाइल्स का नया संगीत सभी के लिए नहीं है, यहां तक कि उनके पूर्व वन डायरेक्शन बैंडमेट लियाम पायने के लिए भी नहीं।	Fake
Celebrity	जस्टिन बीबर और सेलेना गोमेज़ ने प्रशंसकों को उत्साहित किया	(CNN) प्रेम की तरह, जस्टिन बीबर और सेलेना गोमेज़ के प्रशंसकों के लिए आशा अनंत है।	Legit
Celebrity	इग्गी अज़ालिया और ओडेल बेकहम जूनियर: डेटिंग	आप इस खबर से हैरान हो सकते हैं कि ओडेल बेकहम जूनियर और इग्गी अज़ालिया डेटिंग कर रहे हैं, लेकिन अगर आप रुकते हैं और एक पल के लिए सोचते हैं, तो वे वास्तव में एक जोड़े के रूप में सही अर्थों में बनाते हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	बेन अफ्लेक एक नया ताजा चेहरा है: बीओटीओसी बेन	ताजा हुआ ?? एक बहुत ही बुरे साल के बाद, डॉक्टरों का कहना है कि ऐसा प्रतीत होता है कि बेन एफ्लेक ने अपने चेहरे को तरोताजा कर दिया है? अपने कौवे के पैरों के बोटॉक्स उसके मुंह के आसपास की रेखाओं को नरम करने के लिए भरता है।	Fake
Celebrity	माइली साइरस और लियाम हेम्सवर्थ एंड एंगेजमेंट	यह आधिकारिक तौर पर खत्म हो गया: माइली साइरस और लियाम हेम्सवर्थ दोनों के लिए प्रतिनिधि विशेष रूप से लोगों के लिए पुष्टि करते हैं कि सगाई दो सितारों के बीच बंद है।	Fake
Celebrity	FKA टिग्स कान फिल्म फेस्टिवल में दयनीय ith रॉबर्ट पैटिंसन लग रहे हैं | सेलेब डर्टी लॉन्ड्री	FKA टिग्स और रॉबर्ट पैटिनसन कथित तौर पर मजबूत हो रहे हैं। ट्वाइलाइट स्टार और उनके मंगेतर ने इस सप्ताह 2017 कान फिल्म समारोह में भाग लिया। दंपति उतने खुश नहीं दिखे जितने उनके होने की सूचना है। कई महीने हो गए हैं जब प्रशंसकों ने एफकेए ट्विग्स और रॉबर्ट पैटिनसन को एक साथ देखा है।	Fake
Celebrity	बंद करो अब मसाला लड़कियों को एक पुनर्मिलन की योजना बना सकता है	कुछ चीजें हैं, जिनके बारे में लोगों को मजाक नहीं करना चाहिए। सभी पांच सदस्यों के साथ एक संभावित स्पाइस गर्ल्स का पुनर्मिलन उनमें से एक है।	Legit
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन और कान्ये एस्ट का ट्रायल सेपरेशन सिक्स ईकस (EXCLUSIVE) तक चला	2016 के अंत में एक ब्रेकडाउन पीड़ित होने के बाद, कान्ये एस्ट बेहद कम प्रोफ़ाइल रख रहा है। लेकिन प्रशंसकों को यह नहीं पता था कि रैपर और उनकी पत्नी किम कार्दशियन परीक्षण से अलग हो रहे थे।	Fake
Celebrity	कान्ये एस्ट, नो 'अमेरिकन आइडल' फॉर मी	नो 'अमेरिकन आइडल' फॉर मी	Legit
Celebrity	जेनिफर लोपेज ए-रॉड एड पर? वह उससे शादी करने के लिए चींटियों	"47, जेनिफर लोपेज, एलेक्स रोड्रिगेज, 41 के लिए एक है? ई न्यूज़ के अनुसार उनके दोस्त कथित तौर पर ऐसा सोचने लगे हैं। एक सूत्र ने कहा, ""उनके सभी दोस्त बता सकते हैं कि वह वास्तव में जे। लो [लेकिन] को पसंद करते हैं। उनके ""दोस्त धीरे-धीरे सोच रहे हैं कि यह वास्तव में एक शानदार मैच हो सकता है।"" जे-लो और ए-रॉड ने निश्चित रूप से शुक्रवार, 24 मार्च को एक साथ अपने समय का आनंद लिया, जब वे होटल रेज़-बेल-एयर में पहुंचे।"	Fake
Celebrity	फर्गी कहती है कि वह और जोश डुहमल अभी भी 'महान दोस्त' हैं	"फर्गी का कहना है कि भले ही वह और पति जोश डुहमल अलग हो रहे हैं, वे अभी भी ""महान दोस्त"" हैं जो एक दूसरे और उनके युवा बेटे से प्यार करते हैं।"	Legit
Celebrity	एंजेलीना जोली, अखंड	"एंजेलिना जोली कहती हैं, ""मुझे कभी भी ऐसा होने की उम्मीद नहीं है, जिसे हर कोई समझे या पसंद करे।"" ""और यह ठीक है, क्योंकि मुझे पता है कि मैं कौन हूं, और बच्चे जानते हैं कि मैं कौन हूं।"""	Legit
Celebrity	प्रिंस हैरी मेघन मार्कल एक साथ चलते हुए	"""सूट"" स्टार के एक करीबी दोस्त ने द एनक्वायरर को बताया कि मेग ""महल को अपने जीर्णोद्धार से उलट रहा है"" - जोड़ते हुए: ""वह जानती है कि जब वह अपने स्वाद के लिए मेघन के अविश्वसनीय रूप से हेडस्ट्रॉन्ग चाहती है, तो"" ला देशी जोर दे रहा है पर्यावरण के अनुकूल नवीकरण, हवादार खुले कमरे, तटस्थ रंग, बड़े आरामदायक सोफे और कुर्सियाँ, और आधुनिक ग्लास और धातु के सामान। लेकिन आम आदमी का ""दिवा-जैसा"" रवैया कुछ महल के अंदरूनी सूत्रों को परेशान कर रहा है"	Fake
Celebrity	कवर स्टोरी: एंजेलिना जोली सोलो	वहाँ एंजेलीना जोली, जो अब एक अकेली माँ है, छह बच्चों की दिन-प्रतिदिन की अराजकता का प्रबंधन कर रही है, और ब्रैड पिट से उसके विभाजन का आघात है - और एंजेलीना जोली है जिसकी नवीनतम फिल्म, कंबोडिया के नरसंहार के बारे में मूल रूप से एक शानदार नेटफ्लिक्स है। उस राष्ट्र के लिए भी धन्यवाद जिसने उसे बदल दिया। अपनी नई एलए हवेली में, जोली ने दो एंजेलिना के बीच तनाव का खुलासा किया और इस कारण उसका जीवन कभी भी सामान्य नहीं होगा।	Legit
Celebrity	ब्लेक शेल्टन ने ट्विटर पर द बेस्ट पॉसिबल एय में अफवाहों को संबोधित किया	ब्लेक शेल्टन के पास उनके और उनकी पत्नी, मिरांडा लैम्बर्ट के बारे में सभी टैब्लॉइड चैटर के बारे में काफी कुछ था।	Legit
Celebrity	एलिसन इलियटर्स की टॉप-सीक्रेट वेडिंग का खुलासा हुआ	एलिसन इलियट की शादी शनिवार को पश्चिम के बाहर एक तारों से भरे गुप्त समारोह में हो रही है, पेज सिक्स विशेष रूप से प्रकट हो सकता है।	Fake
Celebrity	टेलर स्विफ्ट ने अपने रोमांस को बनाए रखने के लिए '' ग्रेट लेंथ '' में प्रवेश किया	हालाँकि यह खबर सामने आई है कि टेलर स्विफ्ट ब्रिटिश अभिनेता जो अल्विन को डेट कर रही हैं, उन्होंने वास्तव में इसे उतने लंबे समय तक लपेटे रखने की कोशिश की जितनी वह कर सकती थीं।	Legit
Celebrity	एना फारिस ने क्रिस प्रेट-जेनिफर लॉरेंस को धोखा देने की अफवाहों का जवाब दिया क्योंकि वे उसके जन्मदिन पर 'पैसेंजर्स' को बढ़ावा देते थे	"""मॉम"" की अभिनेत्री एना फ़ारिस नहीं चाहती थीं कि टैब्लॉयड उन्हें जाने दें, लेकिन जब पिछले साल पति क्रिस प्रैट के बारे में अफवाहें उड़ीं, तो उन्होंने ""पैसेंजर्स"" के सह-कलाकार जेनिफर लॉरेंस के साथ धोखा किया, वह असुरक्षित महसूस कर रही थीं।"	Legit
Celebrity	जेनिफर लॉरेंस उस समय को याद करती हैं जब वह क्रिश जेनर के साथ शराब पीकर नग्न हो गई थी	जेनिफर लॉरेंस ने गुरुवार देर रात शो में जिमी किमेल के लिए धमाके की फिलिंग की थी।	Legit
Celebrity	कैथी ग्रिफिन पर एंडरसन कूपर: 'मुझे आशा है कि वह वापस उछलती है'	एंडरसन कूपर ने यह स्पष्ट किया है कि वह कैथी ग्रिफिन की डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प की विवादास्पद तस्वीर से प्रसन्न नहीं हैं, लेकिन सीएनएन एंकर का कहना है कि उन्हें उम्मीद है कि उनके लंबे समय तक दोस्त हेडलाइन बनाने के बाद वापसी कर सकते हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/taylor-swift-new-song-look-what-you-made-me-do-apparent-kanye-west-diss-w499090	टेलर स्विफ्ट ने रिलीज़ किया कान्ये इस्ट डिस सॉन्ग	Legit
Celebrity	https://www.vanityfair.com/style/2017/09/jim-carrey-roasts-fashion-week	जिम कैरी ने फैशन ईक पार्टी में रोस्ट फैशन ईक पार्टीज में भाग लिया	Legit
Celebrity	केंडल काइली हो? कैटिलिन जेनर जंप-एडॉप्शन योजनाएं शुरू करती हैं	RadarOnline.com विशेष रूप से प्रकट कर सकता है कि कैटिलिन जेनर सक्रिय रूप से अपनी बेटियों केंडल और काइली के साथ उसके तनावपूर्ण संबंधों के कारण उत्पन्न शून्य को भरने के लिए एक असाध्य बोली में गोद लेने की प्रक्रिया का पता लगा रही है।	Fake
Celebrity	ब्रैड पिट एंजेलीना जोली (EXCLUSIVE) से अपने तलाक के दौरान जेन एनिस्टन के लिए वापस चल रहा है	जैसा कि एंजेलिना जोली ने अपने आसन्न तलाक के बीच ब्रैड पिट के दिल में चाकू फेरना जारी रखा है, 53 वर्षीय अभिनेता अपनी पूर्व पत्नी जेनिफर एनिस्टन को समर्थन के लिए वापस चला रहे हैं, इन टच ने विशेष रूप से सीखा है। 42 साल की एंजेलिना ने तलाक के कागजात के साथ दो साल के अपने पति को अंधा कर दिया, अभिनेत्री को द न्यूयॉर्क टाइम्स के साथ उम्मीदवारी मिली, यह सुझाव देते हुए कि उसके छह बच्चे अपने पिता के बिना बेहतर हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	सेलेना गोमेज़ ईकंड्स प्लान टू डबल डेट ith जेनिफर एनिस्टन जस्टिन थेरॉक्स	"48 साल की जेनिफर एनिस्टन को प्यार की सलाह, 24 साल की सेलेना गोमेज़ ने दी, तो निश्चित रूप से भुगतान किया गया था कि ए-लिस्ट स्टार को उसकी नई बेऔ के बारे में कैसा महसूस होता है, 26? एक अंदरूनी सूत्र HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY बताता है, ""जेले सेलेना के लिए अधिक उत्साहित नहीं हो सकता है। उसे लगता है कि अगर कोई खुश होना चाहता है और उसे सच्चा प्यार मिलता है, तो वह सेलेना है।"" कितना प्यारा"	Fake
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन और कान्य इस्ट सीकिंग चैरिटी डोनेशन, नॉट बेबी गिफ्ट्स	कोई बच्चा यहाँ उपहार नहीं, कृपया	Legit
Celebrity	JBC को भयानक रेटिंग के बाद NBC द्वारा डंप किया गया - EXCLUSIVE	JBC भयानक रेटिंग के बाद NBC द्वारा डंप किया गया - EXCLUSIVE	Fake
Celebrity	क्या राजकुमार हैरी येल के लिए सिर है?	चूंकि प्रिंस इलियम ने सेंट एंड्रयूज को नहीं चुना क्योंकि उनके अल्मा मेटर में एक विश्वविद्यालय परिसर में इस तरह का उत्साह था, लेकिन छात्रों को राजकुमार के साथ एक डॉर्म को साझा करने की उम्मीद करने वाले छात्रों को इस बार थोड़ा आगे देखना होगा, क्योंकि अफवाहें सामने आती हैं कि प्रिंस हैरी है येल बाध्य। 31 वर्षीय शाही को सेना छोड़ने के बाद कनेक्टिकट में येल लॉ स्कूल पर विचार करने के लिए अगले कदम के रूप में माना जाता है, और छात्र काफी उत्साहित हैं	Legit
Celebrity	एंजेलीना जोली ने ब्रैड पिट को धमकी दी: जेनिफर एनिस्टन के आसपास बच्चों को मत लाओ	हालांकि, एंजेलीना जोली, 41, और 53 वर्षीय ब्रैड पिट ने 10 जनवरी, 2017 को अपने विभाजन को पूरी तरह से निजी बनाने के लिए अपने कानूनी डॉक्स बनाने का विकल्प चुना, लेकिन एंजी को कथित तौर पर अपनी विभाजन वार्ता में जोड़ने की एक नई मांग मिली। वह ब्रैड की नई टेक्सटिंग दोस्त, जेनिफर एनिस्टन, 48, अपने बच्चों के पास, इन टच के अनुसार कहीं भी नहीं चाहती है।	Fake
Celebrity	रयान सीक्रेस्ट गर्लफ्रेंड शायना टेलर एक अच्छे कारण के लिए बाहर कदम	रयान सीक्रेस्ट ने कल रात एक महान कारण के लिए अपनी प्रेमिका शायना टेलर को बाहर लाया	Legit
Celebrity	बियोंस होल्ड्स ब्लू आइवी, मेमोरियल डे बिकिनी पिक में बेबी बंप दिखाते हुए	ओह, बेबी बेयोंसे, जो गर्भवती और पति जे जेड के साथ जुड़वाँ होने की उम्मीद कर रही थी, सोमवार, 29 मई को इंस्टाग्राम पर अपनी 5 वर्षीय बेटी, ब्लू ग्रेवी की एक मनमोहक तस्वीर में अपने बेबी बम्प को दिखाने के लिए ले गई।	Legit
Celebrity	चीयर्स? स्लोपी जेसिका सिम्पसन एरिक जॉनसन बूज़ मोगल्स बनना	जेसिका सिम्पसन और एरिक जॉनसन को उनकी शराब बहुत पसंद है, वे अपने जुनून को एक नए व्यवसाय उद्यम में बदलने पर विचार कर रहे हैं, RadarOnline.com ने विशेष रूप से सीखा है।	Fake
Celebrity	हॉलीवुड फिल्म अवार्ड्स: देखें कि एंजेलिना जोली, मार्गोट रॉबी और क्या पहने थे	हॉलीवुड फिल्म अवार्ड्स लॉस एंजिल्स में कल रात हुआ, जिसमें मार्गोट रोबी (लुई विटन में चित्रित), एंजेलीना जोली और डकोटा जॉनसन ग्लैमरस मेहमानों के बीच थे।	Legit
Celebrity	कान्ये एस्ट - any नर्वस ब्रेकडाउन ’… मॉम के अंतिम संस्कार की सालगिरह पर पुश ओवर एज	मॉम के अंतिम संस्कार की सालगिरह पर किनारे से धक्का	Fake
Celebrity	माइली साइरस और लियाम हेम्सवर्थ ने 'एसएनएल' पर शादी के छल्ले पहने - और अब प्रशंसकों को यकीन है कि उन्होंने शादी कर ली है	"युगल ""सैटरडे नाइट लाइव"" स्केच में एक साथ थे। सैटरडे नाइट लाइव / यूट्यूब"	Legit
Celebrity	कर्टनी की बिकनी बॉडी की किम कार्दशियन ईर्ष्या: प्रतिस्पर्धा के लिए एक दिन में दो बार परिक्रमा करना	किम कार्दशियन अपनी बहन की चूड़ीदार बिकनी चोली पर ईर्ष्या के साथ हरी है। लेकिन कर्टनी कार्दशियन को उसकी चमक को चोरी करने देने के बजाय, ओजी सेक्स प्रतीक हमले पर जा रहा है। यहाँ स्पॉटलाइट वापस लेने के लिए उसकी EXCLUSIVE गेम योजना है	Fake
Celebrity	बराक ओबामा की चींटियों ने ढीली पार्टी में कटौती की 'तलाक की अफवाहें | follownews	एक सूत्र का दावा है कि अब वह हाईट हाउस से बाहर आ गया है और उसे प्यार करने वाले पति की बेशर्म छवि को बनाए रखने की जरूरत नहीं है, पूर्व राष्ट्रपति बराक ओबामा ने पत्नी मिशेल को लात मारी और उनकी शादी की अंगूठी को छीन लिया।	Fake
Celebrity	रेटिंग्स बैटल ओवर 'मेगी केली टुडे' और 'लाइव आईथ केली एंड रयान' में केली रिपा और मैगी केली।	एक ही टाइम स्लॉट (सप्ताह में सुबह 9 बजे) के दौरान चीजें मेगन केली टुडे और लाइव आईथ केली और रयान हवा से गर्म हो रही हैं, इसलिए यह कोई आश्चर्य की बात नहीं है कि मेजबिन केली और केली रिपा के बीच अभी एक रेटिंग लड़ाई चल रही है।	Fake
Celebrity	ब्रेकिंग से पहले उद्घाटन दिवस पर मेलानिया ट्रम्प के लिए डिजाइनिंग के रूप में कान्येस्ट	38 वर्षीय कान्ये स्था, एक सच्चे कर्मेहोलिक की परिभाषा है। अपने व्यस्त सेंट पाब्लो टूर के अलावा, जिसे अभी रद्द कर दिया गया था, 'ये पॉपकॉर्न की तरह अपने कपड़ों को पॉप बनाने के लिए प्रेरित था और पहनने के लिए 46 वर्षीय भविष्य की फर्स्ट लेडी मेलानिया ट्रम्प के लिए गुप्त रूप से कुछ डिजाइन तैयार कर रहा था।	Fake
Celebrity	टेलर स्विफ्ट ने अपने प्रतिष्ठा एल्बम कवर पर एक बोल्ड मेकप किया	टेलर स्विफ्ट आधिकारिक तौर पर लौट आई है। आज सुबह, एक सोशल मीडिया ब्लैकआउट के बाद, जब एक सांप, हड़ताली साँप की गुप्त क्लिप के साथ घनिष्ठता से, स्विफ्ट ने अपने आगामी एल्बम पर पर्दा वापस खींच लिया, प्रतिष्ठा-जो 10 नवंबर को रिलीज होने की उम्मीद है, एक बाद के फ्रेम के अनुसार और एक स्टार्क ब्लैक के साथ और सफेद सौंदर्य शॉट उसके ट्रेडमार्क सौंदर्य देखो पर एक नया ले विशेषता।	Legit
Celebrity	रोजी ओ'डॉनेल 16.5 मिलियन में अपने स्टार द्वीप हवेली को बेचती है	2013-06-17T14: 07: 39-04: 00	Legit
Celebrity	एड कार्यकर्ता का दावा है कि एंजेलीना जोली ने नकली विवरणों का उपयोग करके बेटे मैडॉक्स को गोद लिया था	कम्बोडियन सहायता कार्यकर्ता एंजेलीना जोली के 2003 के सबसे बड़े बेटे मैडॉक्स जोली-पिट को गोद लेने के बारे में असाधारण दावे कर रहा है।	Legit
Celebrity	जेनिफर एनिस्टन का दिवा सेट व्यवहार - कास्ट, लक्ज़री एसयूवी और प्राइवेट ट्रेलर मील की दूरी पर दोपहर का खाना नहीं खाना चाहिए	जेनिफर एनिस्टन एक ए-लिस्ट फिल्म स्टार हैं और राडारऑनलाइन डॉट कॉम ने विशेष रूप से सीखा है कि वह सेट पर क्या काम करती है।	Fake
Celebrity		Apakah Single Baru Drake Berarti Dia Sudah Selesai dengan Album Terbarunya?	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie Amal Alamuddin: Ini ar	Ketika George dan Amal Clooney merayakan pernikahan mereka untuk kedua kalinya pada 25 Oktober, sekali lagi ada dua tamu yang sangat mencolok hilang - Brad Pitt dan Angelina Jolie tidak terlihat di mana pun.	Fake
Celebrity	A Thing For Blondes? Brad Pitt Siap Bergerak Diatasnya Margot Robbie	"Apakah Brad Pitt kembali ke pirang? Tak lama setelah perpisahannya dengan Angelina Jolie, desas-desus berputar-putar tentang chemistry on-set Pitt dengan aktris Allied Marion Cotillard. Ditautkan dengan banyak lawan mainnya sepanjang kariernya yang panjang, termasuk mantan calon kekasihnya, tidak heran Jolie tidak tertarik untuk membuatnya bekerja dengan bom rambut pirang, Margot Robbie. Sebuah sumber eksklusif untuk laporan OK, ""Dia pikir dia gadis terpanas di Hollywood sekarang."" Menurut sumber itu, aktor berusia 41 tahun dan Presiden Plan B Films telah “mencoba membujuknya untuk berbagai proyek film. Ini adalah masalah yang menyakitkan dengan Angie yang menghalangi mereka untuk bekerja bersama beberapa kali. Sekarang dia masih lajang lagi, kamu bisa berharap Brad mengejar Margot dengan penuh gairah. ” Dan siapa yang bisa menyalahkan dia? Wanita cantik berusia 26 tahun asal Australia ini dijuluki ""Angelina Jolie baru,"" menimbulkan ketakutan di hati para istri selebritas. Dia memiliki reputasi sendiri untuk kimia di-set dengan aktor yang sudah menikah termasuk Smith yang sakit. engan adegan seks panas dan berat dan foto-foto yang muncul dari mereka tampak nyaman di luar kamera, Smith sendiri harus mengatasi rumor di twitter, ""Mengecewakan bahwa bermain-main di lokasi syuting dapat dilakukan di luar konteks."""	Fake
Celebrity	Tom Hiddleston Tertegun Taylor Swift Merujuknya Pada Album Baru: Inilah hy	Namun, ketika sebagian besar orang yang ada atau berada dalam kehidupan Taylor Swift kemungkinan besar tahu bahwa mereka akan dipanggil di albumnya, Tom Hiddleston mengira ia aman. Tapi, mantannya menyebut dia di TO track.	Fake
Celebrity	JENNIFER ANISTON PETUNJUK DI REUNION TEMAN	"Jennifer Aniston membuat penggemar Friends sangat senang. Aktris ini mengisyaratkan dia akan terbuka untuk tampil dalam reuni acara NBC yang terkenal. ""Satu-satunya hal yang bisa saya pikirkan adalah mungkin untuk bersenang-senang melakukan episode Thanksgiving,"" kata Aniston di sebuah acara bincang-bincang di Inggris. Namun, juru bicara arner Bros., studio yang memproduksi Friends, mengatakan kepada New York Post bahwa belum ada diskusi awal tentang acara reuni Friends."	Fake
Celebrity	Lindsay Lohan: Starlet Lusting After Vladimir Putin	"LiLo tiba-tiba mengarahkan matanya yang berapi-api ke ""Kremlin Krotch,"" memberi tahu teman-teman bahwa dia akan tidur dan menikahi orang kuat Soviet yang terkenal Vladimir Putin - dan kemudian secara resmi dinobatkan sebagai ""Puteri-Tang Putri Rusia"""	Fake
Celebrity	Showdown Scientology Katie Holmes Jenna Elfman Tertangkap dalam Run-In 'GMA' yang canggung	Untuk kali ini, drama di Good Morning America tidak melibatkan Robin Roberts dan musuh bebuyutan barunya, Michael Strahan.	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye est semut untuk Masuk Bisnis Kosmetik Seperti Kylie	Kanye est ingin berhadapan langsung dengan saudara iparnya yang terkenal ... terjun langsung ke bisnis kosmetik yang didominasi oleh Kylie Jenner.	Fake
Celebrity	Dancing with the Stars 2017 Cast Termasuk Charo, Bonner Bolton, Heather Morris More	"Bagaimana dengan Dancing with the Stars? Mari kita cari tahu para pemeran Dancing with the Stars 2017 diumumkan pada Good Morning America. Para kontestan Season 24 memulai debutnya di Season Premiere, yang juga menandai episode ke-400 Dancing with the Stars. Acara ini mengudara SENIN 8 | 7c di ABC. Susunan pemain musim ini termasuk Bonner Bolton, Mr. T, Olympians Simone Biles dan Nancy Kerrigan, Heather Morris dan gadis asli ""Cuchi-Cuchi"", Charo, hanya untuk menyebutkan beberapa saja. Lihat Dancing with the Stars lengkap yang ditampilkan di bawah ini setelah Anda menikmati nomor pembukaan yang luar biasa dari Premiere Season 24"	Legit
Celebrity	Kirsten Dunst menjelaskan mengapa dia menangis di karpet merah Cannes 2017	Kirsten Dunst terlihat secara misterius menangis di karpet merah di Festival Film Cannes tahun ini, dan sekarang sepertinya kita memiliki penjelasan tentang ledakan yang tiba-tiba.	Legit
Celebrity	Di dalam baby shower Beyonce	Jangan bertingkah seolah-olah Anda tidak tahu Beyonce akan mematikannya ketika datang ke baby shower-nya.	Legit
Celebrity	Pangeran - Kebenaran di Balik Overdosis Narkoba	"Seperti dilaporkan ENQUIRER, Prince telah didiagnosis dengan HIV, virus penyebab AIDS, pada 1990-an. Ketidaktahuan Yehuwa memilih untuk tidak memerangi penyakit mematikan dengan obat-obatan karena imannya, percaya bahwa ""Tuhan akan menyelamatkan saya"" Enam bulan lalu, ia diberi tahu oleh dokter bahwa ia menderita AIDS sepenuhnya dan hanya memiliki enam bulan untuk hidup, kata sumber. ""Dia tidak bisa menahan rasa sakit yang disebabkan oleh penyakit ini pada tahap terakhirnya,"" kata orang dalam kepada The ENQUIRER. ""Dan dia tidak mau hanya membuang-buang"""	Fake
Celebrity	Blake Lively di pertanda di Hollywood, Mengarahkan dan Kemungkinan Reuni 'Gossip Girl'	"Sebagai salah satu dari Variety's Power of pertanda yang dihormati, Blake Lively akan menghadiri makan siang pada hari Jumat untuk mendukung Koalisi Penyelamatan Anak. Untuk edisi minggu ini, aktris itu berbicara tentang wanita di Hollywood, menembak di New York untuk ""Gossip Girl,"" dan apa yang dia cari dalam sebuah peran."	Legit
Celebrity	Nicole Kidman Akhirnya Mengakui Botox	Sejauh yang bisa kami katakan, Botox menempati urutan teratas dalam daftar selebritis yang bersalah: Semua orang melakukannya, tetapi tidak ada yang membicarakannya. Kecuali Nicole Kidman, itu.	Legit
Celebrity	Tom Cruise canggung memutarbalikkan pertanyaan tentang putri Suri	Tom Cruise dengan sopan menanggapi pertanyaan tentang putri Suri di pemutaran perdana Mummy-nya tadi malam, tetapi tampaknya tidak cukup nyaman membicarakannya untuk menjelaskan lebih lanjut.	Legit
Celebrity	Ya, Kim Kardashian Dan Kanye est Menandatangani Perjanjian Pranikah, Tapi Tebak, Atau Lebih	Fakta bahwa Kim Kardashian dan Kanye est berencana untuk menandatangani perjanjian pranikah mungkin tidak akan mengejutkan banyak orang, tetapi klaim baru-baru ini tentang siapa yang bernilai lebih mungkin akan.	Legit
Celebrity	Caitlyn Jenner: rumor palsu di sekitarnya, ikatan keluarga yang tegang dan memoarnya yang jujur Baca di sini -	RadarOnline menerbitkan sebuah cerita tentang Caitlyn yang mengklaim bahwa bintang TV realitas transgender dan mantan pelepasan daring akan online untuk mengeksplorasi seksualitasnya dan telah menikmati sejumlah rahasia 'cyber hookups'. Definisi 'hookups' belum diklarifikasi dalam cerita. Tetapi laporan itu menyatakan bahwa Caitlyn Jenner telah menjadi roman online tanpa interaksi offline dengan klien. Tabloid itu mengutip orang dalam yang mengatakan:	Legit
Celebrity	Aktris Aquaman, Nicole Kidman dan Amber Heard, berselisih tentang set film DC?	James dan mulai syuting untuk Aquaman di Australia bulan lalu. Sementara Jason Momoa dan aktris Mera, Amber Heard, telah melakukan syuting adegan pertama mereka bersama, aktris Queen Atlanna, Nicole Kidman, mencapai beberapa hari yang lalu. Setelah pendaratannya, dilaporkan ada percikan permusuhan di set.	Fake
Celebrity	Chelsea Handler Berpikir 'Gila' Orang-Orang Berpikir Jennifer Aniston Peduli Tentang Terjadi Antara Angelina Jolie dan Brad Pitt	Tertawa adalah obat terbaik untuk mengatasi rumor di Hollywood, setidaknya untuk Chelsea Handler dan bestie Jennifer Aniston.	Legit
Celebrity	Chelsea Handler Tidak Memiliki Senang Mengatakan Tentang Ben Affleck (EKSKLUSIF)	Hoes over bros Rupanya, komedian Chelsea Handler mengambil mantra itu ke hati karena dia siap untuk merobek ke sahabatnya, mantan Jennifer Garner, Ben Affleck. 42 tahun adalah 100 persen TeamJen di Ben / Jen split - dan jujur, bisakah Anda menyalahkannya? In Touch memiliki catatan eksklusif tentang apa yang sebenarnya dimiliki Chelsea untuk bintang Argo.	Fake
Celebrity	Oscar: Mel Gibson, Casey Affleck dan Sliding Scale of Moral Hukuman Hollywood	"Kamar kecil pria dari Landmark Theatres di est LA adalah tempat yang bagus untuk mengukur sentimen sebenarnya dari pemilih Oscar. Menyusul pertunjukan Hacksaw Ridge beberapa hari Sabtu yang lalu, saya mendapati diri saya mencuci tangan di sebelah dua pria - keduanya berusia sekitar 63 tahun, rata-rata usia anggota Akademi, dengan yang mengenakan topi Kung Fu Panda 2 (sejenis topi). seorang lelaki dewasa tidak mengenakan kecuali dia bekerja di film) mendiskusikan apa yang baru saja mereka tonton. ""Tidak ingin yang itu tapi ...,"" kata pria pertama, terhenti. ""Tapi Mel bisa mengarahkan,"" teman itu selesai."	Legit
Celebrity	Vanessa Lachey memecah kesunyian di tengah rumor perseteruan 'D TS'	Duo menari ini sedang berusaha menemukan ritme mereka.	Legit
Celebrity	220M edding Disaster George Clooney - Prenup Feud, Daftar Tamu Flub Planner Quit	Perkawinan George Clooney yang akan datang dengan tunangan Amal Alamuddin berubah menjadi bencana - perjanjian pranikah yang telah diperdebatkan pasangan itu, kekhawatiran tentang perseteruan daftar tamu dan perencana pernikahan mereka berhenti - dan pasangan itu bahkan mungkin tidak berhasil turun ke lorong.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian berbicara tentang penggantinya	Dia mengharapkan anak ketiganya melalui ibu pengganti.	Fake
Celebrity	Bedah Plastik Rahasia Janet Jackson	Janet Jackson lelah menyembunyikan tangan wanita layu di bawah lengan panjang dan sarung tangan - jadi sekarang dia memberi mereka makeover	Fake
Celebrity	Ayah baru Ryan Gosling mengisap rokok ketika dia memfilmkan film baru The Nice Guys	Ryan Gosling di lokasi syuting film barunya 'The Nice Guys' di Atlanta kemarin [AKM-GSI]	Legit
Celebrity	Kecanduan Media Sosial Kim Kardashian Membanting Karena Mengabaikan Aturan Tidak Ada Telepon Pada tayangan Serena illiams	Orang dalam mengatakan kepada kami bahwa pengasuh anak mengikuti bintang reality TV untuk memastikan dia menghormati aturan. Serena illiams dan pernikahan Alexis Ohanian adalah yang paling diingat, dan Kim Kardashian juga ada di sana. Tetapi seperti yang telah kita pelajari, perayaan Keeping Up the Kardashians mengalami kesulitan untuk menjauh dari media sosial terlalu lama.	Fake
Celebrity	Nicole Kidman Mengagumkan Bungles Melalui Komentar pada Alexander Skarsgård Kiss di Emmy	"Ah, Nicole Kidman dan Keith Urban. Dia, seorang pembuat film Australia pernah menikah dengan pria terkemuka Hollywood. Dia, penyanyi country Australia dengan hati Nashville. Bersama-sama mereka adalah pasangan kekuatan dua pesisir, dua negara, dua benua. Ayo, saksikan mereka berjalan menuruni karpet merah mana pun dan mencoba untuk tetap tidak terluka. Mereka adalah dua pabrik pesona yang membuat pilihan rambut yang khas. Anda tidak memiliki kesempatan. Itulah sebabnya ketika dia memenangkan aktris terbaik untuk peran Big Little Lies elektriknya, dan mencium suaminya di televisi, Alexander Skarsgård yang sangat tinggi, di bibir sementara suaminya yang sebenarnya melihat penuh cinta, semua orang seperti, ""topi? Hah? Di bibir?"""	Legit
Celebrity	ATCH: Exec ife Marla Maples Mendapat Emosional Tentang Kehidupan sebagai Single Mom on Dancing with the Stars	"""Saya hanya menganggap memiliki anak hadiah terbesar di dunia,"" kata mantan istri Donald Trump dalam klip preview Dancing with the Stars yang eksklusif untuk ORANG. ""Setiap saat, yang baik, yang menantang, yang menyenangkan, yang menyakitkan, semuanya sangat penting."""	Legit
Celebrity	Pembaruan 'Fifty Shades Darker': Jamie Dornan, Dakota Johnson berpisah setelah berselisih di set; Rilis film tertunda?	Fifty Shades Darker sekarang mungkin dalam masalah dengan melaporkan perselisihan antara anggota pemeran Jamie Dornan dan Dakota Johnson.	Fake
Celebrity		Kylie 'Fuming' Over 'Copycat', Peluncuran Parfum Sister Kim	Fake
Celebrity	Apakah Madonna semut Untuk Mengirim Rocco Rebellious Ke Sekolah Militer?	Alasan mengapa putra Madonna, Rocco lari ke rumah ayahnya menjadi semakin jelas. Tampaknya Madonna sedikit lebih ketat di rumah daripada yang dibayangkan, dan dia ingin mengirim putra Rocco ke sekolah militer. Rocco Ritchie, 15, tidak mau pergi, dan saat dalam tur dengan Madonna, dia lari untuk tinggal bersama ayahnya.	Fake
Celebrity	Tyga Mengungkapkan Detail Tentang Kylie Jenner Breakup	Dalam sebuah wawancara baru dengan Big Boy TV, Tyga-sebulan keluar dari perpisahannya dengan Kylie Jenner-mengungkapkan informasi baru tentang apa yang menyebabkan kematian pasangan itu.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian 'Alergi' Terhadap Perhiasan Setelah Perampokan Paris yang Traumatis	Meskipun sudah lama sejak saat itu dan kita semua berpikir bintang reality show jauh lebih baik, sepertinya perampokan Paris yang mengerikan masih banyak di pikiran Kim Kardashian.	Fake
Celebrity	Kris Jenner Prihatin dengan Generasi Kardashian di Masa Depan	Kris Jenner, ibu dari enam dan nenek ke enam lebih, adalah ibu pemimpin yang sibuk. Sejak dimulainya reality show keluarganya pada tahun 2007, sudah jelas bahwa dia telah membuat satu mata dilatih tentang sirkus TV dan lainnya tentang bagaimana sirkus itu mempengaruhi keluarganya. Selama pertemuan realitas-TV baru dengan The Hollywood Reporter, Jenner mengatakan dia khawatir tentang bagaimana keenam cucunya akan terpengaruh oleh bisnis keluarga.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber Meminta 'Taylor Swift hat Up' di Pic ith Kanye est	"Anda belum yakin apa maknanya, tetapi pada Selasa pagi (2 Agustus) Justin Bieber memunculkan lebih dari 85.000 komentar hanya dalam waktu kurang dari enam jam untuk satu jepretan foto kacamata hitam gaya John Lennon FaceTiming dengan yang lain selain Kanye est Tapi itu keterangan yang berspekulasi di internet: ""Taylor cepat apa,"" tulis Bieber."	Legit
Celebrity	'Pemeran Kedua' Dibintangi Milo Ventimiglia Jennifer Lopez Tidak Ada yang Bisa Mengontrol Emosi Mereka	Bersiaplah untuk salah satu dari pasangan film terpanas yang pernah ada ... dan itu adalah yang tidak terduga, juga TV heartthrob Milo Ventimiglia baru saja menandatangani komedi romantis Jennifer Lopez yang akan datang, Second Act, dan sepertinya kita akan melihat beberapa percikan api. terbang di antara mereka. Milo Ventimiglia akan memerankan pacar J. Lo dalam film baru itu, menurut Variety, dan berita casting membuat penggemar kedua bintang itu bergetar.	Legit
Celebrity	Kevin Hart Meminta Ife Eniko Parrish Untuk Pengampunan dengan 2.500 Hadiah Push	"Kevin Hart mengatakan pada dirinya sendiri - tidak ada yang mengatakan ""Saya minta maaf telah menipu dan mempermalukan Anda"" seperti hadiah 250.000."	Fake
Celebrity	Chris Pratt Snubs Justin Bieber Friendship	Apakah bintang-bintang yang berdoa bersama bermain bersama? Tidak jika mereka Justin Bieber dan Chris Pratt	Fake
Celebrity	Leah Remini Membuka Tentang Persahabatannya dengan Jennifer Lopez Dan Koneksi Scientology	Jennifer Lopez dan mantan Ilmuwan Leah Remini adalah teman terbaik. Mereka sudah saling kenal selama beberapa tahun dan telah melalui banyak hal. Apa pun yang terjadi, persahabatan mereka akan terus berlanjut. Tampaknya selalu Leah satu-satunya yang memiliki koneksi Gereja Scientology, tetapi bukan itu masalahnya.	Fake
Celebrity	Pangeran illiam Kate Hadiri Pesta Taman Kerajaan Pertama Musim Ini	cuaca hangat datang satu hal: pesta kebun	Legit
Celebrity	Cameron Diaz	Ringkasan	Fake
Celebrity	Kevin Hart dan ife Eniko Parrish Bagikan Foto Manis Baby Kenzo	Kevin Hart dan istrinya Eniko Parrish berbagi foto menggemaskan bayi mereka yang baru lahir, Kenzo Kash Hart, dan orang tua tidak bisa menahan diri untuk tidak menyembur	Legit
Celebrity	Perseteruan dan Pertarungan Costar Terbesar Yang Pernah Ada	Konflik Costar sampai saat ini tetap profesional ketika kamera bergulir, di belakang layar ada perkelahian, menangis dan mata-bergulir. apakah mereka dipaksa untuk bekerja bersama untuk beberapa musim acara TV yang terkenal atau beberapa bulan untuk sebuah film, bintang-bintang ini sepertinya tidak cocok.	Fake
Celebrity	Caitlyn Jenner: Robert Kardashian Diyakini OJ Simpson Bersalah atas Pembunuhan	"Memoar Caitlyn Jenner yang akan datang, The Secrets of My Life, disebut sebagai buku di mana dia ""merenungkan masa lalunya saat dia melihat ke masa depannya."" ketika dia menyentuh sejumlah topik, seperti kemenangan Olimpiade dan tiga pernikahannya yang gagal, wahyu yang menurut dugaan Robert Kardashian mengatakan kepadanya bahwa dia percaya OJ Simpson bersalah membunuh Nicole Brown Simpson dan Ronald Goldman membuat gelombang."	Legit
Celebrity	Klaim Anne Hathaway membuat tuntutan 'diva' di acara amal	ANNE Hathaway telah dituduh bertindak seperti seorang diva dan mengajukan daftar panjang permintaan sebelum acara amal kanker di Santa Monica awal bulan ini.	Fake
Celebrity	QUEEN BEY Beyonce Mendapat Taylor Swift DILARANG DARI VMA	27 Agustus 2016: Jika Anda bertanya-tanya siapa orang terpenting dalam musik - BEYONCE. Awal minggu ini diumumkan bahwa Taylor Swift TIDAK akan tampil di VMA Awards tahun ini. Menurut laporan Beyonce-lah yang membuat Taylor dilarang.	Fake
Celebrity	Harapan Kylie Jenner Adalah 'Emotional reck' hile In Hiding, Source Ungkap - 'She Feels So Alone'	Yang lebih buruk lagi adalah bahwa satu-satunya pertolongannya yang sesungguhnya, matriark Kris Jenner tidak benar-benar punya waktu untuk berurusan dengan drama putri bungsunya. Menurut laporan baru, stres karena harus menjaga kehamilannya tersembunyi telah mengambil korban pada Kylie Jenner yang berusia 20 tahun.	Fake
Celebrity	Berita Fifty Shades Darker: Jamie Dornan mengungkapkan KEBENARAN di balik Dakota Johnson 'kecanggungan'	Bintang FIFTY SHADES DARKER Jamie Dornan telah mengungkapkan seperti apa hubungannya dengan lawan mainnya Dakota Johnson - mengakui film pertama sedikit di sisi yang bergelombang.	Legit
Celebrity	hoopi Goldberg Tuan Rumah Baru Rosie O'Donnell At ar - Ketegangan Pada 'The View,' Perebutan Pengaturan Tempat Duduk	hanya beberapa minggu sampai The View tayang perdana dengan hoopi Goldberg dan Rosie O'Donnell, RadarOnline.com secara eksklusif mengetahui bahwa di lokasi syuting, kedua diva tersebut sudah berselisih mengenai siapa yang akan mendapatkan kursi moderator.	Fake
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson dan FKA Twigs Ambil Cannes di His-and-Hers Dior	Robert Pattinson dan FKA Twigs jarang mematuhi aturan gaya tradisional, dan ketika tiba saatnya bagi pasangan itu untuk pergi ke Cannes, mereka memberikan momen merah yang berani pada karpet merah. mendapatkan Dior miliknya di premier film terakhir Pattinson, Good Time, mereka menunjukkan dua sisi dari merek Prancis bertingkat, dengan Pattinson, seorang label, tampil klasik dalam setelan hitam Dior Homme tiga potong necis dan Ranting memilih untuk keberanian dalam gaun tertutup cetak kartu pos.	Legit
Celebrity	Chris Pratt dan Anna Faris Pasti Membesarkan Anak Teater	Anak laki-laki Chris Pratt dan Anna Faris yang berumur empat tahun, Jack, tumbuh di kelas yang pada dasarnya adalah teater yang mendalam. Ketika Pratt berbicara dengan Ellen DeGeneres di acara bincang-bincangnya hari Jumat, dia berkata bahwa dia dan Faris, keduanya aktor profesional, menerima pengasuhan anak, khususnya waktu bercerita, dengan sangat serius.	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie tentang 'kebangkitan' Kamboja	"Angelina Jolie telah berbicara tentang bagaimana Kamboja adalah ""kebangkitannya"", saat ia menayangkan film barunya di negara itu."	Legit
Celebrity		Hamil Kylie Jenner Adalah 'Sangat Sadar Diri' Tentang Tubuhnya Yang Berubah, kata Sumber	Fake
Celebrity	Penghargaan Emmy Siang Hari 2015: Betty hite, Ellen DeGeneres	Pecinta TV yang bersinar dan bersinar Saatnya merayakan yang terbaik di siang hari.	Legit
Celebrity	Laverne Cox dan Rob Lowe memuji Caitlyn Jenner untuk pidato ESPYS	Selebriti termasuk LAVERNE COX, ROB LO E dan RUSSELL SIMMONS telah dibawa ke media sosial untuk memberi selamat kepada CAITLYN JENNER atas pidato penerimaannya yang kuat di ESPYS pada ednesday night (15 Juli 2015).	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Mendapat Kunjungan Kejutan Dari Hillary Clinton	Hillary Clinton baru-baru ini berkunjung ke Ratu ... Bey, itu	Fake
Celebrity	"Leonardo DiCaprio Juga Menikmati Menatap ""Salvator Mundi,"" 100 Juta da Vinci"	"Orang biasanya tidak berharap menemukan Leonardo DiCaprio, Patti Smith, Alex Rodriguez, dan Jennifer Lopez di pesta yang sama (yah, dua yang terakhir, mungkin), tetapi akhir pekan ini, keempatnya termasuk di antara sekitar 4.500 peserta pratinjau lelang di Christie. Di sana, mereka berkesempatan untuk melihat ""Salvator Mundi,"" sebuah lukisan Leonardo da Vinci yang sebelumnya dianggap hilang yang disebut-sebut sebagai ""The Last da Vinci"" menjelang pelelangan malam ini."	Legit
Celebrity	Apakah asmara 'Memalukan' Tom Hiddleston dengan Taylor Swift Menghabiskan Pekerjaan?	"Romansa Yikes, Tom Hiddleston dan Taylor Swift (pertunjukan?) Benar-benar tidak memiliki efek yang diharapkan oleh tim PR mereka, dengan Tom dilaporkan kehilangan kontrak besar karena tampilan ""memalukan""."	Fake
Celebrity	Pria Baru Scarlett Johansson Telah Mengonfirmasi Mereka Sedang Berkencan	Dari editor HelloGiggles	Legit
Celebrity	Kathy Griffin memprediksi kariernya sudah berakhir, kata Trump 'bikin aku'	Komedian yang diperangi Kathy Griffin mengatakan dia tidak takut pada Donald Trump dan berencana untuk terus mengolok-oloknya tetapi menyatakan bahwa dia menyesal atas video yang menggambarkan dia memegang rupa kepala presiden yang terputus dan berdarah.	Legit
Celebrity	Pembalasan Rebounding Selena Gomez dan Orlando Bloom sedang mengaitkan diri untuk membuat Miranda Kerr dan Justin Bieber cemburu?	Akhir pekan ini bukan pertama kalinya kami melihat Selena Gomez dan Orlando Bloom bersama, jadi bisakah Anda menyalahkan kami karena berspekulasi ???	Fake
Celebrity	Kevin Hart dan Eniko Parrish menyambut bayi	Komedian itu tweeted Selasa bahwa istrinya, Eniko Parrish, telah melahirkan putra mereka.	Legit
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson Akhirnya Memiliki Film yang Sukses - Twilight Curse Over? | Celeb Dirty Laundry	"Robert Pattinson sangat gembira dengan kesuksesan film mendatangnya, ""Good Time"". Film perdana di Festival Film Cannes dan film dan aktor menerima tepuk tangan berdiri enam menit. Ada juga buzz Oscar seputar Robert, dengan beberapa berspekulasi dia bisa menerima nominasi Aktor Terbaik."	Fake
Celebrity	Jim Carrey Di Planet Lain Berpikir Penguasa Reptil Alien Bumi	Komik Jim Carrey diam-diam adalah pengikut kacang konspirasi kooky yang percaya reptil asing menjalankan dunia. Bahkan nuttier, bintang Dumb and Dumber berencana untuk go public dengan komitmennya untuk mendera pekerjaan teori aneh David Icke.	Fake
Celebrity	Panduan fesyen besar Victoria Beckham: Posh Spice untuk menulis buku memberitahu orang Brits bagaimana cara berpakaian	Posh akan merilis buku tahun depan untuk menandai 10 tahun di bisnis fashion. Spice Girl-berubah-desainer dikatakan telah bekerja sama dengan editor US Vogue Anna intour. Pasangan ini telah menjadi teman dekat dalam beberapa tahun terakhir, dengan intour dikatakan sebagai kekuatan pendorong di belakang panduan ini.	Fake
Celebrity	Mehgan James Berbicara Tentang Rumor Kencan Rob Kardashian	"Apakah Rob Kardashian menemukan minuman keras baru di alumni Bad Girls Club, Mehgan James? Outlet media mulai melaporkan minggu lalu bahwa Rob dan Mehgan berada dalam ""tahap awal"" dalam hubungan mereka, dengan orang dalam anonim mengatakan pada In Touch, ""Rob telah melihat Mehgan James selama hampir tiga bulan, dan sebagian besar orang Kardashian sangat kesal tentang hal itu. karena Mehgan dikenal tidak terkendali dan mudah berubah. Keluarga Kardashian ingin Rob menemukan wanita yang baik dan tenang. """	Legit
Celebrity	Apakah Leonardo DiCaprio kehilangan minat dalam kehidupan cinta di tengah krisis setengah baya?	Nama bintang Titanic baru-baru ini diseret oleh sebuah majalah dan mengklaim bintang berusia 43 tahun itu menjadi anti-sosial hari demi hari.	Fake
Celebrity	Kris Jenner Hanya Memecah Keheningannya Pada Kehamilan Kylie	Jika Anda belum tahu bahwa Kylie Jenner sedang hamil, baiklah, izinkan saya menjadi yang pertama memberi tahu Anda: Kylie Jenner sedang hamil	Legit
Celebrity	Sour Note Zayn Terpaksa Menjadi Duet Bencana dengan Taylor	RadarOnline.com telah mempelajari duet Zayn Malik dan Fifty Shades Darker milik Taylor Swift hanya muncul setelah ia dipaksa bekerja sama dengan superstar.	Fake
Celebrity	Brad Pitt Berjuang Untuk Senyum Di Acara Hollywood setelah Pertarungan Penahanan membuat dia sedih	Setelah pertempuran panjang di pengadilan dengan mantan istrinya Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt muncul dengan santai dan senyum aura di Malibu pada Sabtu malam.	Fake
Celebrity	"Julia Roberts dan Danny Moder Mungkin Dipimpin Untuk Cerai: ""Masalah Terus Menumpuk"""	Katakan tidak begitu	Fake
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner semut untuk membebaskan diri dari Klan Kardashian	Kendall Jenner siap untuk pindah dari keluarganya yang terkenal In Touch secara eksklusif mengetahui bahwa model berusia 18 tahun itu ingin keluar dari keluarga Kardashian untuk melanjutkan kariernya sendiri.	Fake
Celebrity	Jessica Simpson Memutar Pantatnya untuk Ulang Tahun Eric Johnson: Pic	Less is more Jessica Simpson merayakan ulang tahun suaminya yang ke-38 Eric Johnson dengan membagikan upeti bersemangat kepada Instagram pada hari Minggu, 17 September.	Legit
Celebrity	Kamp Melania menyangkal laporan 'ranjang terpisah' AS dengan cerdik	Melania Trump telah mengeluarkan perintah eksekutifnya sendiri: Dia menolak berbagi tempat tidur dengan Donald Trump.	Legit
Celebrity	Mariah Carey dalam pembicaraan untuk The X Factor - laporan	Mariah Carey sedang dalam pembicaraan untuk bergabung dengan panel juri The X Factor.	Legit
Celebrity	Anak-anak Chris Hemsworth, Charlize Theron's Played Together di 'Huntsman' Set	Tanggal bermain yang cukup luar biasa, Chris Hemsworth dan Charlize Theron mengungkapkan bahwa mereka berdua membawa anak-anak mereka untuk bekerja ketika mereka sedang syuting film The Huntsman: inter's ar, dan itu benar-benar mengubah dinamika set.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston: Saya Bukan 'Sedih, Tanpa Anak Manusia'	Jennifer Aniston tidak ragu bahwa suami Justin Theroux adalah orang yang cocok untuknya.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston ingin mendirikan pusat kesehatan	Jennifer Aniston ingin membuka pusat kesehatan di masa depan. Ruang akan perawatan rumah, serta kafe yang sehat.	Legit
Celebrity	Brad Pitt Teks Jennifer Aniston Nonstop: Mencari Dukungan Emosional Intens Setelah Angelina Jolie Cerai | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Brad Pitt dan Jennifer Aniston dilaporkan telah menghubungi kembali melalui SMS, meskipun sumber dari kedua belah pihak saling menjelaskan bahwa itu hanya 'mengirim pesan teks' dan bukan sesuatu yang lebih serius.	Fake
Celebrity	Apa yang sebenarnya dimakan dalam sehari agar tetap bugar	Di Billboard Music Awards, Cher naik ke panggung untuk menampilkan dua hit terbesarnya, dan kami kagum dengan betapa luar biasanya penerima Billboard Icon Award terlihat pada usia 71.	Legit
Celebrity	Kate Middleton Pangeran illiam Cobalah Untuk Menyelamatkan Pernikahan Yang Runtuh?	Jika benar, desas-desus mengatakan bahwa itu mungkin nenek Pangeran illiam Queen Elizabeth. Telah dilaporkan sebelumnya bahwa dia tidak menyukai cara umum Kate.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift Menangis Selama Pertunjukan AMA Selena Gomez yang Memilukan, Mendapat Beberapa Mata Serius yang Serius	"Taylor Swift sangat terharu oleh penampilan debut Selena Gomez dari ""The Heart ants hat It ants"" di American Music Awards 2014."	Legit
Celebrity	Pangeran illiam dan Kate Middleton Pindah Dari Istana Kensington? | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Pangeran illiam dan Kate Middleton sudah berpikir untuk pindah dari Istana Kensington. Itu karena illiam tidak ingin anak-anaknya Pangeran George dan Putri Charlotte tumbuh di balik tembok istana. Alih-alih, dia ingin mereka hidup dari sorotan dan sejauh mungkin dari paparazzi.	Fake
Celebrity	"Brad Pitt Adalah ""Masih dalam Kontak"" dengan Ex Jennifer Aniston Mengikuti Angelina Jolie Cerai (LAPORAN)"	Bicara tentang ongkos bersahabat	Fake
Celebrity	Apa langkah selanjutnya dari Kanye est?	Ada sesuatu yang hilang. Apakah kamu merasakannya? Sentuhan kecil di alam semesta, cepat dan halus, tetapi tanda yang pasti bahwa sesuatu di dunia baru saja bergeser. Ah, ini dia — Kanye est baru saja menghapus akun Twitter dan Instagram-nya.	Legit
Celebrity	Inilah Cara Kim Kardashian est, Kanye est, dan North est Do eekend Style di Mall	Di antara perjalanan ke Paris Fashion eek dan markas besar Ikea di Swedia, para ester mengalami minggu yang sibuk. Tetapi seperti kebanyakan keluarga, mereka lebih suka melakukan akhir pekan lebih dekat ke rumah, dan berkunjung ke mal lokal mereka di Los Angeles kemarin, mampir di toko Build-A-Bear dalam mengoordinasikan pakaian.	Legit
Celebrity	Miranda Lambert ritus Loving Post untuk Peringatan 2 Tahun dengan Boyfriend Anderson East	Miranda Lambert menandai ulang tahun keduanya dengan Anderson East Tuesday dengan berbagi foto manis di Instagram tentang dirinya sendiri dan kekasih musikalnya berbagi ciuman.	Legit
Celebrity	MA MUDA MENGATAKAN NICKI MINAJ ADALAH 'HANYA HARUS MENCINTAIMU, MEMBERI PROPS': ATCH	Mendapatkan pujian tinggi dari Nicki Minaj adalah impian siapa pun, dan artis Pertama Fuse Young MA adalah yang beruntung ketika Minaj dipanggil ke acara radio Breakfast Club untuk berbicara tentang pendatang baru pada bulan Oktober.	Legit
Celebrity	Ini Adalah Topi Justin Bieber Alih-alih Pergi ke Grammy	Meskipun mendapatkan empat nominasi untuk albumnya Purpose, Justin Bieber tidak punya rencana untuk menghadiri penghargaan Grammy tahun ini. Namun, alih-alih duduk di rumah sendirian, ia memutuskan untuk keluar untuk sushi, dan mengajak penggemar untuk ikut dalam kisah Instagram-nya. (Penonton lain menangkap beberapa foto dirinya berjalan ke restoran juga untuk melihat 360 derajat penuh bagaimana rasanya makan malam bersama Justin.)	Legit
Celebrity	topi Jennifer Lopez Baru Diungkapkan kepada Ellen Tentang Drake Berkencan dengan Pria yang Lebih Muda	"Jennifer Lopez mampir di ""Ellen DeGeneres Show,"" di mana Ellen menempatkannya di kursi panas untuk bertanya tentang hubungannya dengan Drake dan desas-desus bahwa dia suka berkencan dengan pria yang lebih muda."	Legit
Celebrity	Gwen Stefani kembali ke 'The Voice,' tetapi bagaimana dengan Miley Cyrus?	"Gwen Stefani siap untuk kembali ke kursi panas dengan ""The Voice,"" tetapi kursi siapa yang dia raih?"	Legit
Celebrity	Banyak Rumor: Justin Bieber Membatalkan Tur Tujuannya untuk Memulai Gerejanya Sendiri	"Justin Bieber mengejutkan komunitas Belieber di seluruh dunia kemarin ketika dia tiba-tiba membatalkan sisa tur Purpose-nya. Bieber memiliki 14 pertunjukan tersisa, termasuk beberapa di AS dan Asia. Seorang fotografer menangkap Biebs kemarin di LA, dan dia menjelaskan dia hanya perlu istirahat setelah 16 bulan tur. ""Ya, semuanya baik-baik saja, ya,"" katanya kepada pria di depan kamera. ""Aku sudah melakukan tur selama dua tahun. Ya [lama sekali,] ya. Ya, [aku menantikan] untuk beristirahat, mendapatkan relaksasi, aku akan naik beberapa sepeda."""	Legit
Celebrity	'Aku terlalu banyak minum minuman keras': Brad Pitt berbicara tentang perpisahan dari Angelina Jolie	"Brad Pitt mengungkapkan dia ""terlalu banyak minum alkohol"" dan menceritakan bagaimana dia tidur di lantai seorang teman selama enam minggu setelah berpisah dari Angelina Jolie karena ""terlalu sedih"" untuk pulang."	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Berusaha Mencuri Uang Kanye est Melalui Skema Prenup yang rumit?	Apakah Kim Kardashian mencoba mencuri uang Kanye est bersama dengan ketenarannya? Menurut laporan baru dari Star, Kim memperlakukan perjanjian pranikahnya dengan Kanye seperti transaksi bisnis, yang mungkin merupakan keputusan cerdas. Mari kita bersikap realistis - berapa lama pernikahan ini akan bertahan? Dua tahun? Lima tahun? Dia sudah melalui rodeo ini sekali, dan dia tahu bahwa pada akhirnya, dia akan mendapatkan uang Kanye jika dia memainkan kartunya dengan benar. Satu-satunya pertanyaan adalah - berapa banyak?	Fake
Celebrity	Apakah Angelina Jolie memalsukan adopsi Maddox Jolie Pitt? Di Dalam Klaim Mengejutkan	Angelina Jolie terkenal karena mengadopsi anak-anak dari seluruh dunia, tetapi apakah dia mendapatkan putra pertamanya, Maddox, menggunakan dokumen palsu? Ayah asli Maddox, Kamboja, mengajukan klaim mengejutkan bahwa Jolie tidak memiliki kuasa hukum atas pria berusia 15 tahun itu.	Fake
Celebrity	Katie Holmes dan Jamie Foxx Tampaknya Menurunkan Stealth Act mereka	"Selama lebih dari empat tahun, desas-desus telah mengepung Katie Holmes, Jamie Foxx, dan kisah asmara mereka di bawah radar. Untuk sepasang orang yang sangat terkenal, mereka telah berhasil menghindari kamera selama berabad-abad, meskipun pada tahun lalu mereka tampaknya kurang berusaha bersembunyi, bahkan terlihat pada Mei naik pesawat pribadi di Paris, tempat Foxx syuting Robin Hood. Pada saat yang sama, tabloid mengklaim bahwa keduanya ""siap untuk go public."""	Legit
Celebrity	Tuan Rumah Larut Malam Bereaksi terhadap OJ Simpson Parole News	OJ Simpson diberikan pembebasan bersyarat Kamis, setelah menjalani hampir sembilan tahun penjara karena perampokan bersenjata dan penyerangan dengan senjata, dan TV larut malam banyak bicara tentang hal itu.	Legit
Celebrity	Miley And Liam Fighting? Rumor Palsu Berputar-putar bahwa Mereka Berada Dalam Perselisihan Atas Perjanjian Pranikah Seharusnya	Apakah Miley Cyrus dan Liam Hemsworth berkelahi? Sebuah laporan baru mengklaim bahwa Cyrus dan Hemsworth bertengkar hebat atas perjanjian pranikah mereka saat mereka sedang membuat rencana pernikahan mereka.	Legit
Celebrity	Lady Gaga Mengumumkan Dokumenter Netflix, Talks Madonna Feud	"Lady Gaga siap dibuka. Penyanyi ""Joanne"" memiliki film dokumenter yang berjudul Gaga: Five Foot Two perdana di Netflix pada 22 September."	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian gagal memberi selamat kepada Beyonce atas berita kehamilan kembar sementara BFF Chrissy Teigen tampaknya mengejek pengumuman superstar	Bintang reality tidak bergabung dengan daftar bintang yang men-tweet kegembiraan mereka tentang kabar baik Bey	Legit
Celebrity	Apakah Beyonce melahirkan bayi kembarnya? Klaim Laporan Baru Dia Hanya Melakukan	Apakah Beyonce baru saja memiliki anak kembarnya? Rumor telah beredar bahwa Ratu Bey melahirkan seorang anak laki-laki yang berharga dan gadis yang manis pada hari Sabtu, 20 Mei, menurut sebuah laporan baru yang menarik	Fake
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie Dibuka Hingga ORANG Tentang Tahun 'Sulitnya': 'Aku Sedikit Lebih Kuat'	Banyak yang telah berubah selama setahun terakhir dalam kehidupan Angelina Jolie, tetapi satu hal tetap konstan - dedikasinya kepada anak-anaknya.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian: Nude Cookbook on the ay ??	Tidak semua orang adalah penggemar Kim Kardashian dan / atau buku-buku yang dia pura-pura tulis.	Fake
Celebrity	Keith Urban Jealous: Nicole Kidman Mengaku Dia Meminta HBO Untuk Melemparkan Alexander Skarsgard Sebagai Minat Cintanya | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Nicole Kidman menjelaskan bahwa dia sangat ingin agar Alexander Skarsgard dicasting sebagai suaminya di 'Big Little Lies.' Nicole membintangi serial drama HBO baru bersama dengan Reese itherspoon, Shailene oodley dan Laura Dern. Acara ini menceritakan tentang tiga ibu yang mencoba untuk melanjutkan setelah tragedi yang hampir menghancurkan hidup mereka.	Fake
Celebrity	Apakah Kendall, Kylie Jenner dan Gigi, Bella Hadid menuju permusuhan yang buruk?	Itu seperti kasus perang saudara kandung. Dua dari duo saudara kandung paling populer - Kendall, Kylie dan Bella, Gigi - dilaporkan berada di ambang permusuhan yang tidak menyenangkan.	Fake
Celebrity	'Reputasi' Taylor Swift: Semua gosip tentang Joe Alwyn, Kanye est dan Tom Hiddleston	Dalam kata pengantar dua majalah bertema Reputasinya, yang menampilkan foto, puisi, dan lirik tulisan tangan untuk merayakan perilisan album keenamnya, Swift menyesalkan kisah-kisah berita yang tak terhindarkan yang menebak target liriknya.	Legit
Celebrity	Katie Holmes dan Jamie Foxx Keluar Sebagai Barang, Setelah 'Tom Cruise Ban' Berakhir	Sekarang ada sesuatu untuk benar-benar melompat-lompat di sofa.	Fake
Celebrity	Kate Middleton Putus asa Untuk Menyelamatkan Pangeran illiam Pernikahan: Tidak Bisa Melepaskan Gaya Hidup Kerajaan yang Dimanjakan | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Kate Middleton mungkin marah dengan suaminya, Pangeran illiam karena mempermalukan keluarga mereka dengan tarian dan minumannya yang aneh selama perjalanan ski, dan semua rumor curang, tetapi itu tidak berarti dia akan menceraikannya dalam waktu dekat. Bahkan, Duke dan Duchess of Cambridge mencoba meyakinkan semua orang bahwa mereka masih cinta selama perjalanan mereka ke Paris akhir pekan ini.	Fake
Celebrity	"ROSIE O FLEES TETANGGA ""RUMAH IVES"" GILA"	"Jalankan ROSIE RUN - segera kembali ke HY ""The View""?"	Fake
Celebrity	Julia Roberts Meringkuk Hingga Danny Moder Menjelang Anniversary ke-15 edding mereka	Julia Roberts dan suaminya Danny Moder terlihat sedang jalan-jalan santai di Malibu, CA, pada Sabtu sore. Pasangan itu, yang akan menikah selama 15 tahun pada bulan Juli, memasang layar penuh kasih ketika mereka saling berpelukan dan Julia tampak membisikkan sesuatu di telinga Danny. sementara kita belum pernah melihat pasangan itu keluar dan bersama-sama sejak November, Julia membuat sejarah pada bulan April ketika dia dinobatkan sebagai oman Wanita Paling Indah untuk kelima kalinya. Juga terungkap awal pekan ini bahwa Julia akan kembali ke layar lebar dalam adaptasi Crystal City Entertainment dari The Bookseller. Julia tidak hanya akan membintangi film ini, tetapi ia juga memproduksi proyek bersama Lisa Gillan, Marisa Yeres Gill, Jonathan Rubenstein, dan Ari Pinchot.	Legit
Celebrity	Digital Diva Di dalam Secret Cyber Hooks Caitlyn Jenner	RadarOnline.com secara eksklusif mengetahui bahwa Caitlyn Jenner sedang mengeksplorasi seksualitasnya secara online dan telah menikmati serangkaian “hookups” cyber rahasia.	Fake
Celebrity	Michelle Obama terbuka untuk operasi plastik, suntikan Botox	Saat ibu negara Michelle Obama bersiap untuk menginjak usia 50 tahun pada hari Jumat, dia tidak mengesampingkan melakukan pekerjaan di wajahnya di masa depan.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Melayani Banyak Senyum saat Edding Serena iliams kepada Alexis Ohanian	"hen dia melihat dua orang ""Gila Cinta,"" Beyoncé tidak bisa menahan senyum."	Legit
Celebrity	Malia Obama Telah Barack dan Michelle bersuara - Bisakah Dia Menangani Hidup Sendiri di Kota New York?	Malia Obama, 18, sedang menyesuaikan diri dengan kehidupan barunya di luar hite House dan perubahannya tidak mudah ditangani oleh orang tuanya yang terkenal - mantan Presiden Barack Obama dan Ibu Negara Michelle Obama.	Fake
Celebrity	Terlalu Banyak Bintang untuk Dihitung Dukungan Berdiri Untuk Kanker	Banyak bintang melangkah keluar untuk acara Hollywood Stand to Cancer di LA pada Selasa malam. Penggalangan dana, yang diselenggarakan oleh Reese itherspoon dan suaminya, Jim Toth, membawa pasangan-pasangan imut seperti Diane Kruger dan Joshua Jackson dan Jessica Alba dan Cash arren, serta Selena Gomez, Drew Barrymore, dan Gwyneth Paltrow. Gwyneth sendiri telah menjadi pendukung lama program Stand Up to Cancer sejak ayahnya, Bruce Paltrow, meninggal karena kanker paru-paru pada tahun 2002.	Legit
Celebrity	Inilah Cara Brad Pitt Merasa Tentang Donald Trump sebagai Presiden	Sebagai pria selatan yang lahir di Oklahoma dan dibesarkan di Missouri, Brad Pitt bermula dari tempat di mana orang biasanya mendukung Donald Trump dan menjalankannya dalam Pemilihan Presiden 2016.	Legit
Celebrity	Tyga Untuk Mengungkap Kebenaran Jelek Tentang Kylie Jenner Dan Kardashians Dalam Buku Tell-All Baru, Insiders Say	"Tyga dan Kylie Jenner telah berhasil sampai di Splitsville, menurut E News, dan sepertinya segalanya akan menjadi sangat jelek dalam waktu dekat. Meskipun hubungan ini dilaporkan berakhir, tidak terlihat bahwa keduanya telah berakhir dengan persyaratan yang bersahabat, dan hal-hal baru mulai memanas. Menurut Perez Hilton, Tyga dilaporkan berencana untuk merilis buku yang menceritakan semua perpisahannya dengan Kylie. Orang dalam yang dekat dengan rapper ""Make It Nasty"" telah menjatuhkan beberapa detail tentang buku mendatang yang dikabarkan."	Fake
Celebrity	Perkemahan Taylor Swift menyangkal bahwa penyanyi itu meluncurkan layanan streaming sendiri	Seorang sumber yang dekat dengan Taylor Swift dilaporkan membantah bahwa penyanyi itu akan meluncurkan layanan streaming sendiri.	Legit
Celebrity	Heidi Klum dan Seal mengadakan Reuni Persahabatan di Billboard Music Awards 2016	Heidi Klum dan Seal adalah lambang ongkos persahabatan di Billboard Music Awar 2016 malam Minggu.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber mengolok-olok dirinya sendiri setelah melangkah keluar dengan tanda basah	Kecelakaan terjadi, tetapi bintang ini tidak menyesal.	Fake
Celebrity	Jane Fonda benar-benar tidak ingin berbicara tentang operasi plastik dengan Megyn Kelly	"Fonda muncul bersama Robert Redford di ""Megyn Kelly Today"" pada edesnday untuk mempromosikan film baru mereka, ""Our Souls at Night."" Tetapi wawancara itu berlangsung beberapa menit ketika Kelly mengalihkan pembicaraan dengan kedua legenda itu ke topik penuaan."	Legit
Celebrity	Halle Berry memicu rumor kehamilan setelah menampilkan benjolan bayi di karpet merah	Halle Berry, 50, telah memicu desas-desus bahwa ia mengharapkan anak ketiganya setelah memulai debutnya yang kelihatan seperti 'gundukan bayi' di karpet merah di Chrysalis Butterfly Ball ke-16 Tahunan di Los Angeles.	Fake
Celebrity	"Miley Cyrus Bercermin pada Putusnya Hubungannya dengan Liam Hemsworth: ""Saya di Jalur yang Benar"""	"Miley Cyrus baru-baru ini menjatuhkan single barunya, ""Malibu,"" yang jelas terinspirasi oleh hubungannya yang dihidupkan kembali dengan Liam Hemsworth, dan selama wawancara dengan Hits 1 SiriusXM di Hollywood awal minggu ini, penyanyi berusia 24 tahun itu semakin membuka tentang dirinya 2013 berpisah dari Liam. ""Saya pikir - tahu - bahwa segala sesuatu terjadi karena alasan yang tepat, dan saya tahu bahwa ketika kami tidak bersama untuk pertama kalinya,"" kata Miley tentang saran yang akan diberikannya kepada dirinya yang lebih muda. ""Aku tidak tahu apakah itu akhirnya, atau apakah kita akan kembali bersama lagi, tetapi tahu bahwa ke mana pun aku pergi, aku berada di jalan yang benar."""	Legit
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus dan Liam Hemsworth Mungkin Sudah Menikah Dengan Rahasia April lalu	"Pada bulan September, Miley Cyrus mengatakan kepada The Sun pada hari Minggu bahwa dia dan tunangannya Liam Hemsworth tidak memiliki rencana pernikahan dalam waktu dekat. ""Aku tidak membayangkan pernikahan,"" katanya kepada The Sun pada hari Minggu. ""Aku 24. Aku berharap bisa hidup sedikit lagi. Aku punya terlalu banyak kehidupan untuk dilakukan [sebelum aku menikah]."" (Ibunya Tish Cyrus mengatakan hal yang sama ketika ditanya tentang kawin lari Miley-Liam pada bulan Juni juga.)"	Fake
Celebrity	Arah baru One Direction: apa yang dikatakan proyek solo kami?	Pagi ini, One Direction's Liam Payne menjatuhkan Stripped Down, single debutnya, yang dapat digambarkan sebagai sesuatu yang pasti ada.	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner Dilarang Dari NBA Karena 'Kutukan Kardashian'	Kendall Jenner berharap untuk menyaksikan pemain barunya bermain di lapangan musim ini, tetapi bos NBA bermain keras dengan model Leggy yang berusia 21 tahun	Fake
Celebrity	Josh Duhamel lebih dari Fergie 'menjadi bintang rock lagi'	"Josh Duhamel sudah bosan dengan ""bintang"" istrinya bintang pop Fergie sebelum perpisahan mereka, kami diberitahu."	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston Tertipu Pada Brad Pitt dengan Matt LeBlanc Sudah Menikah? - Laporkan	Brad Pitt, 51, mungkin bukan satu-satunya dengan mata yang berkeliaran selama pernikahannya dengan Jennifer Aniston, 46. Wawancara baru yang eksplosif dengan ayah Matt LeBlanc, Paul LeBlanc, mengungkapkan bahwa aktris itu benar-benar berselingkuh dengan suaminya saat itu bersamanya. Teman-teman bintang-jauh sebelum Brad bertemu Angelina Jolie, 40, di lokasi syuting Tuan dan Nyonya Smith	Fake
Celebrity	Rahasia untuk Penampilan Awet Muda Ellen DeGeneres	"Penata rias, Pati Dubroff telah bekerja dengan Ellen DeGeneres dalam kampanye iklan dan penyebaran fesyen yang berlimpah, jadi dia tahu persis apa yang akan terlihat paling baik di pembawa acara bincang-bincang itu untuk pemotretan sampul Shape's May yang alami dan dikecilkan hanya dengan sedikit warna. Dia menggunakan spons irisan basah untuk menyempurnakan kulit model sampul kami hanya dengan sentuhan CoverGirl Simply Ageless Concealer dan Corrector. ""Kulit Ellen sudah memiliki kilau alami, jadi dia tidak perlu banyak riasan,"" kata Pati. Tidak semua dari kita diberkati dengan kulit muda seperti itu, tetapi Anda bisa mendapatkan kulit yang luar biasa seperti Ellen dengan tips anti-penuaan dari makeup pro:"	Legit
Celebrity	Anna Faris Merasa Tidak Aman Karena Perselingkuhan Suaminya dengan Jennifer Lawrence Apakah Chris Pratt To Blame? - Rumor langsung	Jennifer Lawrence, yang merupakan jantung dari jutaan anak laki-laki, baru-baru ini membuat semua penggemarnya terkejut. ell itu bukan di film, tapi dari berita; lebih tepatnya kita mengatakan rumor berselingkuh dengan Chris Pratt. Sebagian besar dari kita membeku karena dugaan sorotan dalam tabloid, tetapi kemudian keduanya ditolak. Sebagai pilihan Jennifer, dia telah memilih untuk melajang untuk saat ini; sementara Chris sudah terikat dengan Anna Faris. Faris merasa tidak aman karena berita palsu ini memicu tabloid tentang cinta antara suaminya Chris dan Jennifer. ell, benarkah atau tidak, kita akan membahasnya di artikel ini	Fake
Celebrity	Drake Mengundang Taylor Swift Untuk Menginap Di Rumahnya Setelah Diduga Menguntit Insiden	"""Taylor [Swift] sedang diuntit dan ketakutan tentang hal itu tidak cocok dengan Drake. Dia benar-benar terpukul bahwa dia memiliki orang gila yang mengganggu ruang pribadinya, dan dia mengatakan kepadanya bahwa dia secara pribadi akan mengirim beberapa putranya untuk menjaga awasi dia dan jadilah pengawalnya Dia pasti menghiburnya. Dia mengatakan semuanya akan baik-baik saja dan ingin memastikan bahwa dia merasa aman dan aman saat dia keluar di depan umum."	Fake
Celebrity	Sudah Berakhir Hot Fling Cools Jennifer Lawrence Darren Aronofsky SUDAH	Jennifer Lawrence dan Darren Aronofsky sudah tenang dan mengambil istirahat dari romansa intens mereka, RadarOnline.com dapat secara eksklusif mengungkapkan.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian menampilkan rambut rontok yang mengejutkan setelah 'mengandalkan tenun'	Dia meninggalkan penggemar dengan iri karena penurunan berat badan yang luar biasa pasca-kehamilan.	Fake
Celebrity	Pangeran Harry Pindah ke AS untuk menemukan ife	Pangeran Harry bergerak melintasi kolam - dan memiliki rencana besar untuk menemukan seorang istri di AS	Fake
Celebrity		Kanye est Marah Taylor Swift Merujuk Perampokan Dalam Video Musik Kim Kardashian	Fake
Celebrity	rad Pitt menghadiri konser amal dengan Sting dalam penampilan publik yang langka setelah berpisah dari Angelina Jolie	Brad Pitt muncul kembali dalam sorotan pada hari Sabtu setelah menjaga profil rendah selama berbulan-bulan setelah perpisahannya dari Angelina Jolie.	Legit
Celebrity	Sisi Cerita Brad Pitt: Dia 'Tidak Memukul' Maddox saat Pesawat Berkelahi dengan Angelina Jolie 'Keluar dari Tangan,' kata Sumber	Brad Pitt tidak menyerang putranya Maddox selama pertengkaran di tengah udara panas dengan Angelina Jolie pekan lalu, menurut sumber yang memiliki pengetahuan tentang situasi tersebut.	Legit
Celebrity	Taylor Swift Menghabiskan Jutaan Dolar untuk Boyfriend Baru, Joe Alwyn: Berita Palsu atau Benar? | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Bintang pop Taylor Swift membeli pacar baru Joe Alwyn dengan menghamburkan jutaan dolar untuk kekasihnya, menurut beberapa laporan. Taylor selalu menjadi penghasil uang yang lebih besar dalam semua hubungannya. Meskipun pacar masa lalu seperti Jake Gyllenhaal, John Mayer, Tom Hiddleston, dan Calvin Harris adalah miliarder, rekening bank mereka masih pucat dibandingkan dengan Taylor yang memperkirakan sekitar 300 juta kekayaan bersih.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lawrence 'menelanjangi dan menuntut Kanye est menata dirinya' setelah minum lima martini di rumah Kris Jenner	Jennifer Lawrence akhirnya telanjang di lemari pakaian Kris Jenner setelah menelan lima martini.	Fake
Celebrity	Maaf ASAP Rocky, Kendall Jenner Punya Rencana Putus asa Untuk Kembali Harry Styles	Kendall Jenner berkencan dengan rapper ASAP Rocky, tetapi menurut sebuah sumber, dia telah menyusun rencana untuk memenangkan kembali mantannya, Harry Styles Yang harus dia lakukan adalah apa yang dia lakukan yang terbaik - mengirim telanjang	Fake
Celebrity	Kirsten Dunst tiba-tiba menangis di Festival Film Cannes	Dia mendapatkan pengakuan global untuk perannya dalam Wawancara dengan The Vampire pada usia 12 tahun, jadi dia tidak asing dengan perhatian di karpet merah.	Fake
Celebrity	Glenn Close menyangkal bahwa dia mengaitkan Meryl Streep untuk memerankan Hillary Clinton	Lupakan apa yang Anda dengar: Glenn Close belum memilih Meryl Streep untuk memerankan Hillary Clinton dalam film mendatang tentang kehidupan mantan Sekretaris Negara dan kehidupan calon presiden.	Legit
Celebrity	AMAL CLOONEY ADALAH OMAN PALING INFLUENTIAL DI LONDON	Anda akan dimaafkan karena berpikir wanita paling kuat di London mungkin adalah Duchess of Cambridge, atau bahkan supermodel Kate Moss. Bahkan, pengantin baru George Clooney-lah yang menempati posisi teratas.	Legit
Celebrity	Skenario Impian? Semut Khloe Akan Mengadopsi Putri Rob	Khloe Kardashian telah membentuk ikatan yang kuat dengan keponakannya, Mimpi, dia telah mengatakan kepada saudaranya Rob bahwa dia ingin mengadopsi dia, RadarOnline.com telah belajar secara eksklusif.	Fake
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner: Dia Dia Berhenti 'KU TK' Tapi Tetap Bangga Dengan Pertunjukan Spin-off Kylie	Kendall Jenner terus menjauhkan diri dari platform reality show yang menjadikan keluarganya nama keluarga, dengan sumber-sumber yang menekankan bahwa model itu ingin memiliki karier yang sah.	Fake
Celebrity	Dokter Bedah Plastik Kylie Jenner Memiliki Pesan Tentang Pengisi Bibirnya	Ketika internet mencari petunjuk tentang kemungkinan kehamilan Kylie Jenner (bersama dengan kehamilan Khloé Kardashian dan kehamilan terkonfirmasi Kim Kardashian), setidaknya satu orang bertanya-tanya, bagaimana dengan pengisi bibir terkenal dari bintang kenyataan itu?	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner menangisi reaksi iklan Pepsi dalam pemutaran perdana 'Keeping Up ith the Kardashians'	Ingat iklan Pepsi Kendall Jenner yang tuli-nada kembali pada bulan April? Yang membuat orang marah, karena mengambil gambar dari Black Lives Matter memprotes untuk menjual soda?	Legit
Celebrity	Awal sebagai Spotted Holding Hands dengan Ex Justin Bieber	Jika Anda adalah pembaca setia AS yang keranjingan, mungkin hanya ada sekitar selusin orang lajang di Hollywood, karena mereka semua berkencan. Ini seperti pemisahan enam derajat dengan Kevin Bacon, hanya untuk influencer yang memiliki kecenderungan untuk minum teh dan pelatih pinggang, di mana Scott Disick adalah faktor penghubungnya.	Fake
Celebrity	Victoria Beckham dan Anna berkenalan di antara mereka yang disebutkan dalam daftar Honours Tahun Baru	Petenis nomor satu dunia tenis Andy Murray telah dianugerahi gelar ksatria dalam Daftar Kehormatan Tahun Baru Ratu - membuatnya menjadi Sir termuda Inggris di zaman modern - bersama atlet Mo Farah dan pembalap dressage Lee Pearson. Heptathlete Jessica Ennis-Hill dan pendayung Katherine Grainger dinamai dames.	Legit
Celebrity	Ini Adalah Taylor Swift Yang Melewatkan MTV Video Music Awards 2016	Ada ruang kosong di bagan tempat duduk VMA tahun ini, sayang. Taylor Swift tidak akan menghadiri MTV Video Music Awards pada hari Minggu, 28 Agustus, beberapa sumber mengkonfirmasi kepada Kami dengan tenang.	Legit
Celebrity	Obama Berkata Meninggalkan Malia di Perguruan Tinggi sebagai 'Suka Bedah Jantung Terbuka'	Setelah Malia Obama pergi ke Universitas Harvard bulan lalu, ayahnya tidak bisa menahan air mata.	Legit
Celebrity	'Jealous' Kim Berusaha Mencuri Baby Spotlight Beyonce	Sementara Bey Hive berbincang kemarin tentang berita bayi Beyonce yang mengejutkan, RadarOnline.com mengetahui bahwa Kim Kardashian sibuk dengan rencananya sendiri untuk mencuri kembali sorotan.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez dan Alex Rodriguez sedang berkencan, dan rumornya mulai panas	Jennifer Lopez dan pahlawan bisbol pensiunan baru-baru ini Alex Rodriguez berkencan, menurut laporan yang telah menggelegak sepanjang minggu.	Legit
Celebrity		Inside Ben Affleck dan Liburan Keluarga Jennifer Garner di Bahama, Dua Bulan Setelah Mengarsipkan Perceraian	Legit
Celebrity	Kathy Griffin merasa 'dikhianati' oleh Anderson Cooper setelah CNN menembak	Sementara Kathy Griffin melanjutkan perang simpatinya setelah menghadapi badai kritik atas foto terpenggal-tebingnya Trump, sumber-sumber mengatakan bahwa dia marah tentang bagaimana Anderson Cooper menjatuhkannya dari siaran Malam Tahun Baru CNN-nya seperti kentang panas.	Fake
Celebrity		Gatal gatal memperingatkan Angelina agar tidak menggunakan mantra untuk merayu kembali Brad	Fake
Celebrity	EKSKLUSIF: DI SINI ILLIAM, KATE, DAN GEORGE KEPALA UNTUK LIBURAN SUMMER BULAN-PANJANG	Mereka telah menghabiskan dua hari terakhir mendukung Inggris Raya di Commonwealth Games di Glasgow, tetapi __ illiam__and __Kate__dapat menantikan libur bulan Agustus yang layak.	Legit
Celebrity	Memoir Caitlyn Jenner Kabarnya Adaptasi Film Tanah, Rob Lowe May Memainkannya	Laporan mengatakan bahwa aktor 'How to Be a Latin Lover' saat ini sedang dalam pembicaraan untuk bermain sebagai bintang reality show dalam film yang mungkin berdasarkan memoar barunya 'The Secrets of My Life'.	Fake
Celebrity	Apakah Jared Leto, 45, Menghancurkan Paris Jackson yang berusia 19 tahun?	"Jared Leto mengincar hal yang cukup muda: Paris Jackson yang berusia 19 tahun. Duo berpapasan di pesta Harper's Bazaar Icons di NYC pada 8 September, di mana aktor, 45, “pasti bermain untuknya, ”Kata orang dalam. “Dia menatap langsung ke matanya saat dia berbicara dan mereka berdiri sangat dekat. Mereka berbicara lama sekali dan dia banyak tertawa. ” Tetap saja, pemenang Oscar muncul, ketika Paris akhirnya pergi untuk bersama teman-temannya - meskipun tidak sebelum Jared mencium pipinya. Menambahkan orang dalam: ""Jelas bahwa dia super ke dalam dirinya, perbedaan usia terkutuk."""	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian 'Fears ill Explode' Jika Kanye est mencalonkan diri sebagai presiden: dia 'sangat gugup'	"""Kanye [est] semakin banyak berbicara tentang melangkah ke dunia politik, tetapi Kim [Kardashian] sangat ragu baginya untuk menempuh jalan itu. Dia sangat gugup tentang jenis kebencian yang akan difokuskan pada dirinya dan keluarga mereka jika dia akan mencalonkan diri sebagai presiden. Sebelum perampokan, dia tidak setakut itu, tapi sekarang dia hidup dalam ketakutan terus menerus. Jika Kanye mencalonkan diri sebagai presiden, ketakutan itu akan meledak, ""kata seorang sumber kepada HollywoodLife.com SECARA EKSKLUSIF."	Fake
Celebrity	atch Barack Obama kejutan manis untuk Michelle pada ulang tahun ke 25 mereka	Sudah dikenal karena pesan-pesan manisnya kepada istrinya pada hari ulang tahun dan hari libur, Barack Obama menjadi orang penting untuk ulang tahun pernikahannya yang ke-25 dengan Michelle pada hari Selasa.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Menyewa Tim Untuk membantunya Menjadi Lebih 'Politik' - 'Saya ingin Berbicara Lebih Jauh Mengenai Masalah Politik'	Bintang TV realitas kontroversial itu benar-benar ingin mengubah reputasinya. Dia telah belajar bahwa Kim Kardashian ingin memiliki citra yang jauh lebih politis dan dia sudah membuat beberapa langkah pertama ke arah itu.	Fake
Celebrity	Pics EKSKLUSIF: Foto pertama Ariana Grande sejak serangan Manchester	Ariana Grande yang emosional terlihat pertama kali sejak serangan teror di konser Manchester-nya pada hari Senin ketika ia mendarat di kota kelahirannya Boca Raton, Florida.	Fake
Celebrity	'Sudah lama datang': Heidi Klum mengakhiri pernikahan tujuh tahun atas 'temperamen vulkanik' Seal	Seal dan Heidi Klum bersikeras bahwa perpisahan mereka 'bersahabat' kemarin meskipun ada laporan bahwa supermodel itu tidak lagi tahan dengan ciuman dari temperamen vulkanik penyanyi Rose.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston tentang Momen Tepat yang Dia Miliki dengan Rumor Kehamilan	"Pada bulan Juli, Jennifer Aniston dengan kuat berbicara menentang rumor kehamilan tabloid tentang dia yang telah beredar selama bertahun-tahun, dalam sebuah op-ed untuk Huffington Post. ""Sebagai catatan, saya tidak hamil,"" tulisnya di dalamnya. ""Topi aku muak. Aku muak dengan pengawasan dan olah raga yang memalukan yang terjadi setiap hari dengan kedok 'jurnalisme,' Amandemen Pertama, 'dan' berita selebriti. '"""	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian est mengkonfirmasi bayi di jalan	"Kim Kardashian est mentweet sebuah klip Kamis dari promo musim baru seri E keluarganya ""Keeping Up ith the Kardashians."""	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez dan Jennifer Aniston Tanggal Ganda: Komentar Jen Tentang eeknd ere Lies	Selena Gomez saat ini berkencan dengan The eeknd. Sahabatnya Jennifer Aniston mendukungnya tetapi hubungan mereka kadang-kadang ditargetkan oleh rumor mongers.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Jay-Z Mempekerjakan Mantan Tim Layanan Rahasia Presiden Obama	Mereka memiliki 99 masalah, tetapi keamanan bukan Beyoncé dan Jay-Z yang telah lama meminta detail layanan rahasia mantan Presiden Barack Obama untuk membantu melindungi keluarga mereka setelah menyambut kembar Rumi dan Sir bulan lalu.	Fake
Celebrity	Peringkat 'Megyn Kelly Today' Tidak Semua Sinar Matahari untuk Pembawa Acara Pagi Baru NBC	"Jika tuan rumahnya dilaporkan mendapat gaji 17 juta setahun dan satu set baru telah dibangun di dalam markas Rockefeller Plaza NBC di Midtown Manhattan, ""Megyn Kelly Today"" lebih mahal daripada segmen jam 9 pagi sebelumnya ""Today."" Kehilangan penonton, dalam jangka panjang, akan menjadi masalah."	Legit
Celebrity	Cher: Siap Mati	Ketukan tidak lagi berlaku untuk CHER.	Fake
Celebrity		Taylor Swift tampaknya telanjang di video musik baru	Legit
Celebrity	Di dalam Rob K. Mehgan James 'Romance: hy Fam' 'Don't Approve' '	UPDATE: Ketika laporan baru terus muncul tentang hubungan Rob Kardashian dengan Mehgan James, keduanya turun ke media sosial untuk mempertimbangkan masalah ini.	Fake
Celebrity	Katie Holmes mengulangi perannya sebagai Jacqueline Kennedy	"Katie Holmes mengulangi perannya sebagai Jacqueline Kennedy untuk mini-seri baru, ""The Kennedys: After Camelot."""	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez dan The Eeknd Berpegangan Tangan untuk Jalan-Jalan Romantis di Argentina	Itu bukan hari yang sepi bagi The eeknd.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber rupanya menulis 'Love Bible' tentang Selena Gomez, dan itu manis tapi sangat aneh	Ada banyak laporan tentang Justin Bieber menghabiskan waktu di gereja dalam beberapa bulan terakhir, tetapi yang tidak kami sadari adalah bukan gereja lama yang ia kunjungi - itu adalah gereja dari hubungan masa lalu.	Fake
Celebrity	"topi Taylor Swift dan Joe Alwyn's ""Very Normal"" Relationship Is Like"	"Taylor Swift dan Joe Alwyn saat ini sedang melakukan hubungan pribadi: Mereka belum keluar bersama-sama di depan umum dan satu-satunya cara Swift berbicara tentang pacar Inggris-nya hampir setahun adalah melalui lagu (""... Ready For It?"" Dan "" Cantik, ""menurut penggemar). Tapi Kami dengan sabar memiliki laporan tentang bagaimana keadaan untuk dua hari ini. Alwyn dan Swift ""sangat cinta,"" kata seorang sumber di outlet."	Legit
Celebrity	OK Eksklusif: Lindsay Lohan Berencana Untuk Pindah Ke Rusia Setelah Edding Untuk Egor Tarabasov Di Tengah Perselisihannya Dengan Orang Tua-Nya Selama Upacara	Ketika rencana pernikahannya untuk pernikahannya dengan Egor Tarabasov terus terbentuk, orang dalam mengungkapkan kepada OKMagazine.com bahwa Lindsay Lohan mungkin akan membuat langkah besar setelah upacara	Fake
Celebrity	'Dancing ith The Stars': Donald Trump Diminta Menjadi Bintang Dalam Pertunjukan Dia Tidak Mengatakan Tidak	topi sih? Donald Trump tampaknya cukup sibuk di jalur kampanye, tetapi dia diundang untuk meluangkan waktu untuk mencoba tangannya (atau kaki?) Saat menari Rupanya Dancing with the Stars telah meminta Donald untuk bergabung dengan pemeran Season 23	Fake
Celebrity	topi yang dikenakan Nicki Minaj ke pernikahan Serena illiams tidak benar-benar baik-baik saja ... goyang mengenakan hotpants kulit putih dan crop top agak terlalu banyak.		Fake
Celebrity	"Caitlyn Jenner dan OJ Simpson Akan Bersatu Kembali di TV: ""Ini Akan Menjadi Menarik"" (EKSKLUSIF)"	Sulit untuk menjadi jauh lebih sensasional dari ini: sebuah acara TV yang memasangkan selebritis transgender paling terkenal di dunia dengan tersangka pembunuhan paling terkenal di dunia - terutama ketika keduanya memiliki koneksi dengan Kardashians Life Style secara eksklusif mengetahui bahwa produsen TV telah membuat ide untuk membawa OJ Simpson dan sahabat lamanya Caitlyn Jenner bersama dalam reuni televisi.	Fake
Celebrity	Melania Trump 'akan mengenakan Ralph Lauren di pelantikan suaminya'	Ralph Lauren adalah pelopor terbaru dalam perlombaan untuk merancang pakaian pelantikan Melania Trump, kata pertanda harian Daily, Selasa.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Resmi Sudah Berlalu Berlayar dengan Rencana Pengirimannya yang GILA	"Tidak dapat disangkal bahwa Beyonce adalah salah satu diva terbesar di Hollywood, tetapi sumber-sumber baru menunjukkan tuntutannya semakin gila. Untuk mengantisipasi kedatangan saudara kembar mereka, penyanyi dan suaminya Jay-Z telah menyusun rencana pengiriman begitu gila sehingga Anda akan berpikir mereka royalti. Pada tumit laporan bahwa pasangan terkenal telah pindah ke properti sewaan dekat dengan rumah sakit Cedars-Sinai Los Angeles, di mana Bey akan melahirkan, orang dalam mengatakan kepada majalah Heat bahwa ""acara ini diatur untuk menjadi tanpa biaya."" ekstravaganza. "" Klik untuk mendapatkan sendok di dalam rencana ruang bersalin Beyonce, dan bagaimana putri pasangan itu, Blue Ivy, akan memiliki peran yang sangat aneh dalam prosesnya."	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez dan Orlando Bloom Party Bersama di Pesta Ulang Tahun ke-39-nya	Selena Gomez dan Orlando Bloom sedang menikmati kebersamaan satu sama lain sekali lagi.	Legit
Celebrity	Jamie Foxx dan Katie Holmes Hit New York Fashion eek	Jamie Foxx dan Katie Holmes telah memukul Big Apple.	Legit
Celebrity	Tyra Banks Dituntut karena Menyebabkan 'Kesulitan Emosional' Selama Rekaman 'Talenta Amerika'	"* Seorang kontestan di ""America's Got Talent"" mengatakan penampilannya di sebuah rekaman baru-baru ini dipanggang begitu kejam oleh tuan rumah baru Tyra Banks sehingga telah menyebabkan tekanan emosional pada putrinya yang masih muda, yang menonton dari sayap."	Fake
Celebrity	"Apakah Mark Billingham? Pengawal Mengaku Dia ""Ayah"" Anak-Anak Brangelina"	"Sejak berita tentang Brad Pitt dan Angelina Jolie berpisah, banyak yang bertanya-tanya apa yang akan terjadi pada keenam anak pasangan itu. mereka tinggal bersama ibu, atau dengan ayah, atau kombinasi keduanya? Atau bisakah orang ketiga juga memiliki hak pengasuhan anak? Masukkan Mark Billingham, pengawal pasangan bintang itu. Billingham mengatakan dia pada dasarnya ""menjadi ayah"" anak-anak, menurut Kami dengan sabar."	Legit
Celebrity	Ketakutan Bunuh Diri Baru Untuk Owen ilson Setelah Ayah Meninggal	Kematian ayah tercinta Owen ilson memiliki teman-teman karena khawatir aktor yang disiksa itu akan kembali ke jurang depresi	Fake
Celebrity	PITT BRAD: Tidak Diragukan lagi, Trump akan Menjadi Presiden Terbaik dalam Sejarah AS. Apakah Anda Mendukung Dia? ⋆	Brad Pitt seperti yang Diundang Pada Hari Ini menunjukkan Pagi Ini Dan Setelah Jurnalis Kritik Terhadap Trump Dia Mengatakan ords ini: Tidak Diragukan, Trump akan Menjadi Presiden Terbaik dalam Sejarah AS Dan Anda Segera Menyakiti. Melawan Jurnalis Dan Semua Orang Tetap Marah. Apakah Anda Mendukung Brad? “Anda membutuhkan lebih banyak pekerjaan. Pengangguran jauh di sini, ”katanya. Dia mempekerjakan lebih banyak karyawan, lebih banyak orang, daripada siapa pun yang saya kenal di dunia.	Fake
Celebrity	Apakah Angelina Jolie Nemesis Chelsea Handler Mendekati Brad Pitt Setelah Membelah Hati?	e tidak melihat kedatangan ini. Musuh Hollywood Angelina Jolie terburuk, Chelsea Handler, mungkin agak terlalu dekat dengan mantan kekasih Brad Pitt, menurut sebuah laporan baru. Aduh	Fake
Celebrity		Angelina Jolie Memeluk Batinnya, dan Batin-Ibu	Legit
Celebrity		Justin Bieber membawa Alkitab sambil mengenakan pakaian tenis preppy	Legit
Celebrity	Misteri Bagaimana Kendall Bertemu Hadid Telah Dipecahkan	Belum lama ini Kendall Jenner dan Gigi Hadid hanyalah dua gadis muda yang tidak terhubung yang kadang-kadang muncul di acara televisi realitas anggota keluarga mereka. Kemudian dunia berkedip dan tiba-tiba mereka sedang membangun supermodel dan influencer super. Kemudian dunia berkedip lagi dan mereka adalah BFF supermodel bonafide. Satu lagi kedipan dan saudara-saudara perempuan mereka, Kylie dan Bella, juga mengembangkan pengaruh dan mengembangkan model-model dalam hak mereka sendiri.	Legit
Celebrity	Kekecewaan Pernikahan Barack Michelle Obama - Bagaimana Ini Membayar Jutaan Wajib Pajak	Barack Obama dan istrinya Michelle terus berantakan setelah keperemajaan presiden. Sekarang ini membutuhkan jutaan pembayar pajak. Perkawinan pahit antara dan terus berantakan setelah keperempuanan presiden. Sekarang ini membutuhkan jutaan pembayar pajak. ENQUIRER Nasional telah melihat catatan-catatan eksklusif yang diperoleh oleh pengawas pemerintah dari at Judicial atch - mengungkapkan bahwa pasangan yang berselisih itu mengambil pesawat pribadi yang terpisah untuk berangkat ke Hawaii untuk liburan Natal.	Fake
Celebrity	Kylie Jenner Meluruskan Catatan Tentang Laporan Tyga Owes 2 Juta Nya	Membela mantannya. Kylie Jenner naik ke Twitter pada hari Jumat, 27 Mei, untuk membahas laporan bahwa mantan pacarnya Tyga berutang 2 juta.	Legit
Celebrity	Harry Styles One Direction Menikmati Liburan Ski dengan Kendall Jenner Di Tengah Klaim Romantis	Bintang 'Best Song Ever' dan Kendall terlihat membawa perlengkapan ski dan snowboarding mereka bersama selama akhir pekan.	Legit
Celebrity	Inilah topi yang terjadi saat Kim Kardashian Akhirnya Mengungkap Identitasnya Pada Penggantinya	Kim juga menjelaskan dalam wawancara mengapa dia tidak mengundang ibu pengganti ke baby shower-nya. (Dia harus menjelaskan kepada seluruh sitch kepada anak-anaknya terlebih dahulu.) Secara keseluruhan, sepertinya Kim dan penggantinya memiliki hubungan yang solid.	Legit
Celebrity	Khloe Kardashian membenci pembenci yang telah menjebaknya sejak OJ Simpson diberikan pembebasan bersyarat	Khloe Kardashian tidak punya waktu untuk membenci.	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5056567/Jennifer-Lopez-gets-cozy-star-Milo-Ventimiglia.html	Jennifer Lopez merasa nyaman dengan pacar di layar Milo Ventimiglia	Fake
Celebrity	Leonardo DiCaprio Menikmati Malam Kencan dengan Kate inslet Untuk Ulang Tahunnya - Lihat Foto	Leonardo DiCaprio bergabung dengan lawan mainnya yang paling terkenal, Kate inslet, pada Jumat malam, hanya sehari sebelum ulang tahunnya yang ke-43 pada hari Sabtu. Keduanya menghabiskan lebih dari dua jam bersama di restoran Santa Monica Giorgio Baldi, setelah itu mereka dikawal oleh petugas keamanan dan masuk ke mobil yang sama bersama. Klik untuk melihat foto-foto malam intim mereka	Fake
Celebrity	Orang dalam pop mengklaim Justin Bieber membatalkan tur yang sudah berjalan lama karena dia mempertimbangkan untuk memulai gerejanya sendiri	"Orang dalam POP secara sensasional mengklaim Justin Bieber mungkin telah membatalkan turnya yang sudah berjalan lama sehingga ia dapat memulai GEREJA sendiri. Bieber mengejutkan jutaan penggemar kemarin ketika dia mengungkapkan dia membatalkan tur Purpose berbulan-bulan sebelum itu berakhir karena dia ""kehabisan tenaga."" Kanada telah mengungkapkan dia ingin kembali ke akar agamanya"	Fake
Celebrity	Kim, Kourtney Khloe Kardashian Merayakan Cinco de Mayo di LA	Para suster Kardashian merayakan Cinco de Mayo	Legit
Celebrity	hy Justin Timberlake Tidak Pergi ke Emmy bersama Jessica Biel	Jessica Biel tertegun di Emmy Awards 2017 di LA pada hari Minggu, 17 September, tanpa tanggal pertunjukan penghargaan yang biasa, suaminya Justin Timberlake, di sisinya - dan ternyata aktris, 35, naik solo karena alasan yang sangat bagus.	Legit
Celebrity	David Gest ditemukan tewas pada usia 62: Mantan suami Liza Minnelli ditemukan setelah kematian 'yang tidak dapat dijelaskan' di hotel London	"David Gest, bintang reality TV dan mantan suami Liza Minnelli, ditemukan tewas di sebuah hotel bintang lima di London dalam keadaan ""tidak dapat dijelaskan""."	Legit
Celebrity	Kira-kira pada waktu itu, Puteri Diana menghajar The Golden Girls dan Menghancurkan Bar Gay bersama Freddie Mercury	Putri Diana mungkin lebih bersenang-senang saat menikah dengan keluarga kerajaan Inggris daripada yang kita duga sebelumnya. Dalam bukunya yang baru, aktris komedi Inggris Cleo Rocos mengatakan bahwa dia, vokalis Queen Freddie Mercury, dan komedian Kenny Everett menyelinap Princess Diana ke bar gay London selatan, Royal Vauxhall Tavern, pada akhir 1980-an. Rocos mengenang malam itu di The Power of Positive Drinking, menulis bahwa ketiganya mendandani almarhum kerajaan tercinta dengan menyamar - jaket tentara, topi, dan kacamata hitam, menurut laporan kisah tersebut oleh AFP - dan dapat menikmati diri mereka sendiri secara terselubung berkat popularitas Mercury di kerumunan:	Legit
Celebrity	Kitesurfing, Makan Siang dengan Bono, Bermain Golf di Hawaii: Semua Tentang Kehidupan Obama Sekarang	Mereka telah terbebas dari gelembung House hite dan mereka tidak melihat ke belakang.	Legit
Celebrity	J-Rod Jennifer Lopez dan Alex Rodriguez tentang Cinta, Kecantikan, dan Penebusan	"Terlepas dari ketenaran yang nyata — dan barang bawaan — yang dibawa oleh Jennifer Lopez dan Alex Rodriguez, hubungan mereka masuk akal. Keduanya mulai dari latar belakang sederhana, memukul waktu besar dengan cepat, dan harus bertarung melawan iblis mereka sendiri untuk bertahan hidup. Pasangan baru ini mendiskusikan segala sesuatu mulai dari kencan pertama yang menegangkan hingga ""mengungkapkan"" yang membentuk ikatan mereka."	Legit
Celebrity	Lady Gaga tidak hamil, kata perwakilan	"LOS ANGELES: Perwakilan Lady Gaga membantah laporan bahwa penyanyi itu hamil. Rumor itu dipicu setelah Gaga terlihat mengenakan apa yang tampak seperti gundukan bayi pekan lalu. Sebuah majalah mengklaim dalam edisi terbarunya bahwa bocah berusia 29 tahun itu memiliki ""bayi dalam perjalanan."" Namun, laporan itu dibantah oleh perwakilan Gaga. Perwakilan mengatakan kepada tabloid Rumor Fix bahwa Gaga tidak mengharapkan seorang anak dengan tunangannya Taylor Kinney, lapor aceshowbiz.com. dengan maxi dress ketat berwarna krem, sementara di foto-foto lain dia terlihat mengenakan gaun kaftan biru ketika menghantam pantai Malibu dengan Kinney.Gaga membagikan di Instagram fotonya dengan perut rata pada ednesday. ""Daddy's Girl"", dia menuliskannya. Namun, ini bukan pertama kalinya penyanyi ini dikabarkan hamil. Sebelumnya juga sudah ada spekulasi di dalamnya."	Legit
Celebrity	"Kourtney dan Kendall mengadakan Hari Perahu ""Sun's Out, Buns Out"" di Cannes"	Kourtney Kardashian dan Kendall Jenner saat ini tinggal di Perancis Selatan untuk Festival Film Cannes, dan para suster mendapatkan waktu pakaian renang sambil bersantai di sebuah kapal pesiar di Antibes pada hari Senin; pasangan itu terlihat duduk-duduk dan mengobrol satu bagian dengan teman Simon Huck. Hari berikutnya, mereka terus bersenang-senang dengan mengenakan pakaian bahari terbaik mereka selama sehari di atas air. Sebelum kapal pesiar mereka yang iri, Kourtney menghadiri jamuan makan malam untuk merayakan para pelayan Laut Jean-Michel Cousteau pada hari Minggu, sementara Kendall menginjak landasan untuk acara Fashion For Relief tahunan Naomi Campbell, yang juga menghadirkan Kate Moss, Heidi Klum, dan Kendall's sobat Bella Hadid. Terus membaca untuk melihat semua foto dari petualangan Cannes Kourtney dan Kendall.	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez dilirik sebagai hakim 'American Idol'	"Singer dilaporkan sedang diawasi sebagai hakim bersama dengan penyanyi untuk reality show bernyanyi ""American Idol""."	Fake
Celebrity	Ellen, Portia membatalkan penampilan setelah pertarungan 'epik'	Ellen DeGeneres dan Portia de Rossi tidak muncul di acara pengumpulan dana amal untuk hewan yang diselamatkan setelah bertengkar hebat di mobil dalam perjalanan ke acara hari Minggu, sumber mengatakan kepada Page Six.	Fake
Celebrity	Ini Semua Tentang Kah Kim Kardashian Kanye est Menolak Donasi Amal Untuk Menyelesaikan Gugatan dengan Pendiri YouTube Tentang Video Keterlibatan	Ini semua tentang kash dengan Kim Kardashian dan Kanye est	Fake
Celebrity	Hillary Clinton The Movie - Dibintangi Glenn Close	Sebuah film sedang dibuat tentang Hillary Clinton dan kehidupannya yang menakjubkan, dan aktris legendaris Glenn Close telah dipilih untuk memerankan mantan ibu negara dan kandidat presiden	Fake
Celebrity	Owen ilson Mengatakan Anak-Anaknya Berubah Menjadi Komedian Kecil - atch	Owen ilson membuka tentang karir potensial anak-anaknya dalam komedi	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez Adalah 'Crazy In Love' ith Justin Setelah Bersatu Kembali: Dia 'Light Joyful'	Jika Selena Gomez sepertinya dia menjalani kehidupan terbaiknya sejak bersatu kembali dengan Justin Bieber - dia punya EKSKLUSIF bahwa Sel dalam 'cinta' dan senang bisa kembali dengan Biebs.	Fake
Celebrity	Angkat topi untuk mencintai Jennifer Lawrence, 26, dan Darren Aronofsky, 47, go public dengan romansa mereka saat mereka bergabung untuk berjalan-jalan di NYC	Mereka telah menjaga romansa pemula mereka tersembunyi tetapi tampaknya Jennifer Lawrence dan Darren Aronofsky telah membuat resolusi Tahun Baru untuk lebih terbuka tentang hubungan mereka.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Mengatakan Kanye est 'Serius' Tentang Mencalonkan Diri Sebagai Presiden	Pada acara The Ellen Show, bintang reality show Kim Kardashian est mengatakan kepada pembawa acara Ellen DeGeneres bahwa suaminya, rapper Kanye est, benar-benar berarti apa yang dia katakan ketika dia secara spontan mengumumkan di MTV Video Music Awards bahwa dia ingin mencalonkan diri sebagai Presiden Amerika. Serikat.	Legit
Celebrity	Dirty Talk dari Scarlett Johansson dengan SNL Stud	Laporan Mike alker ... Jangan pernah bicara kotor dengan wanita jika Anda ingin mengaktifkannya - benar, kawan?	Fake
Celebrity	Harvey einstein berencana untuk menuntut New York Times untuk 50 juta	"Harvey einstein mengatakan dia akan menuntut New York Times untuk sekitar 50 juta setelah menerbitkan laporan bom mengklaim film mogul menjadi sasaran aktris dan staf wanita untuk ""dekade pelecehan seksual."""	Fake
Celebrity		Jennifer Garner Memiliki Girls Night Out dengan Chelsea Handler	Legit
Celebrity	'Girl' Fight Kanye est Menghadapi Anna dalam film Puting Lena Dunham Di Sampul 'Vogue' Daripada Tunangan Kim Kardashian	Terlalu besar untuk sepatu olahragamu, Kanye? Saat makan siang yang sangat berkesan di Beverly Hills Polo Lounge, bintang hip hop ini menuntut jawaban dari Vogue Editor-In-Chief Anna atas pertanyaan tersebut: apakah dia menilai bintang Girls Lena Dunham sebagai penutup yang layak untuk bible fashion terkenal, sementara tunangannya, Kim Kardashian, telah lama diabaikan?	Fake
Celebrity	Nicki Minaj TIDAK MENDAPATKAN Celana Hot Dan Crop Top Kepada tulisan Serena iliams, Meskipun Dilaporkan	"Nicki Minaj tidak mengenakan hot pants dan crop top untuk pernikahan Serena illiams, meskipun ada laporan palsu berdasarkan gambar yang dipotret. Sebagai permulaan, rapper itu bahkan tidak menghadiri pernikahan bintang tenis itu. Cop Gosip dapat meluruskan catatan. illiams menikah dengan pengusaha internet Alexis Ohanian di depan teman dan keluarga di New Orleans, Kamis. Daftar tamu termasuk banyak selebriti, termasuk Beyonce, Kim Kardashian, Kelly Rowland, Anna intour, Ciara dan Eva Longoria. Minaj tidak hadir, tetapi situs web Irlandia-nya memposting foto Instagram terawat yang menunjukkan dirinya berpose di pesta bersama Beyonce dan Rihanna. Situs yang berjudul artikelnya yang tidak akurat, ""topi yang dikenakan Nicki Minaj ke pernikahan Serena illiams tidak benar-benar baik,"" dan mengatakan penyanyi itu muncul pada upacara olahraga ""hotpants kulit putih dan crop top."" Outlet yang salah informasi menegaskan pakaian Minaj adalah ""agak terlalu banyak,"" lebih lanjut mempertahankan bahwa dia ""sangat melangkahi garis etiket pernikahan."" Tapi pendapat situs tentang pakaian rapper benar-benar diperdebatkan. Baik Minaj atau Rihanna tidak ada di pernikahan pemain tenis. Kedua bintang musik itu ditumpangkan ke dalam foto Beyonce berpose sendirian di upacara. Tidak jelas apakah gerai Irlandia mencoba menipu pembaca atau ditipu oleh gambar palsu itu sendiri, tetapi Minaj tidak memakai pakaian yang tidak pantas untuk pernikahan illiams, yang tidak dia hadiri. Perlu dicatat, Gossip Cop harus menyanggah beberapa cerita palsu seputar pernikahan bintang tenis itu dalam waktu singkat sejak dia berjalan menyusuri lorong. Baru-baru ini tertangkap HollywoodLife karena mengarang laporan tentang Beyonce dan Kardashian memiliki ""pertukaran dingin"" di pernikahan. Gossip Cop juga memanggil RadarOnline untuk mengarang cerita tentang Kardashian yang dimarahi karena menggunakan teleponnya di pernikahan illiams. Artikel terbaru yang terkait dengan acara ini adalah palsu."	Legit
Celebrity	Lindsay Lohan Dikabarkan Bertunangan dengan Ahli Waris Rusia	Akhirnya, Lindsay Lohan telah menemukan cinta.	Legit
Celebrity	Anoreksik Angelina Jolie sedang pergi	Sosok kurus Angelina Jolie mendorong teman dekat untuk menyerukan intervensi untuk menyelamatkannya dari kematian	Fake
Celebrity	Rosie O'Donnell, hoopi Goldberg bertukar cerita penurunan berat badan	"(CNN) - ""The View"" kembali ke TV pada hari Senin dengan set baru, dua wajah baru dan sepasang host yang kembali menghabiskan waktu mereka dengan fokus pada kesehatan mereka."	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston Patah Hati Agar Border Untuk Mengadopsi	Jennifer Aniston mencari untuk mengadopsi bayi dari selatan perbatasan - hanya beberapa minggu setelah The National ENQUIRER mengungkapkan kesedihannya atas saudara lelakinya yang terasing mengumumkan bahwa dia menjadi ayah lagi.	Fake
Celebrity	Pesta Justin Bieber Di Acara Grammy Yang Sama Seperti Ex Selena Gomez The eeknd	"Uh oh Justin Bieber, 22, memutuskan untuk menghubungi pos Rihanna, Grammys bash pada 1Oak 12 Februari untuk berpesta dengan sisa bintang-bintang industri musik terbesar, dan sayangnya baginya termasuk mantan Selena Gomez, 24, dan pacar barunya, The eeknd, 26. Seperti yang kami katakan pada Anda secara eksklusif, pasangan itu tidak bisa menjaga diri mereka sendiri, mengemas banyak PDA sambil duduk di bilik VIP dan yang tampaknya tidak cocok dengan Biebs. Dia muncul di pesta itu sebentar, lalu berbalik dan mengekornya keluar dari sana tak lama setelah tiba. Sebuah sumber mengatakan pada HollywoodLife.com SECARA EKSKLUSIF bahwa, ""Dia ada di sana untuk kedua panas ... tidak terlalu lama sama sekali Dia segera pergi"""	Fake
Celebrity	Istri Billy Bush 'marah' kepadanya setelah wawancara Trump bocor	Billy Bush mungkin baru saja memposting foto selfie baru dengan istrinya, tetapi desas-desus beredar bahwa semua tidak baik di surga California mereka.	Fake
Celebrity	Penampilan Celine Dion yang mencekam dalam 'My Heart ill Go On' di 2017 Music Awards: atch	"Celine Dion menandai ulang tahun ke 20 dari lagu cintanya yang menyayat hati, ""My Heart ill Go On,"" dengan tampil dari dalam lampu gantung setinggi satu mil yang tergantung di langit-langit venue di Billboard Music Awards Minggu malam (21 Mei) 2017. Saat itu meningkat, begitu pula vokal Dion."	Legit
Celebrity	Bagaimana Janet Jackson kehilangan 70 pound	Ibu baru berusia 51 tahun itu memiliki tubuh ramping yang pelatihnya katakan dia capai tanpa menghabiskan banyak waktu cardio, yang dilaporkan menghabiskan 70 pound.	Legit
Celebrity	George, Amal Clooney menyumbangkan 1 juta untuk Pusat Hukum Kemiskinan Selatan untuk memerangi kelompok kebencian	Jika pembicaraan uang, George dan Amal Clooney membuatnya berteriak Selasa, dengan menyumbangkan 1 juta ke Pusat Hukum Kemiskinan Selatan untuk membantu memerangi kelompok-kelompok kebencian setelah tragedi dan kekerasan di Charlottesville, Va.	Legit
Celebrity	GADIS TENTANG KE N: Victoria Beckham sedang mempersiapkan bayi kelima	Victoria Beckham, benar, sedang mempersiapkan bayi kelima dengan suaminya David, menurut sumber yang dekat dengan sahabatnya, Tana Ramsay.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Membuka Hingga Tentang Kehidupan Setelah Perampokan Paris	Pagi ini, Kim Kardashian est terlambat beberapa menit untuk sarapan karena dia tidak bisa melepaskan masker gel ini dari wajahnya. Dia tinggal di sebuah kamar di hulu Baccarat Hotel di tengah kota Manhattan. Sebuah kamar dengan tempat tidur raksasa di dalamnya, di mana ia tidur, pantat ke pantat, dengan putrinya yang berusia empat tahun, North. Dan di ruangan itu dia memakai topeng - dari jenis kosmetik, bukan jenis Halloween - hanya untuk mengetahui dia tidak bisa benar-benar melepaskannya. di sini dia mendapatkan masker emas gel yang seharusnya membuat kulitmu lebih sehat? ***, saat kau Kim Kardashian est, kau tidak tahu dari mana semuanya berasal. Orang-orang hanya memberi Anda barang. Lemari besi dan pintu serta akun pengiriman ekspres dunia terbuka dan aliran barang gratis hanya menyapu Anda. Kim mencoba menikmatinya, karena itulah yang harus dilakukan oleh pencerahan. Tapi sekarang dia di lantai atas di kamarnya mencoba memisahkan wajahnya dari topeng gel gratis.	Legit
Celebrity	Jim Carrey Berkata Dia Telah Berlayar di 'Sungai Kesedihan' dalam Penampilan Panggung Emosional	Komedian berusia 55 tahun itu dihadang oleh dokumenter dan aktivis Broadway Broadway Michael Moore, The Terms of My Surrender, Kamis malam untuk percakapan terbuka tentang iklim politik saat ini setelah pemilihan presiden Donald Trump.	Legit
Celebrity	Jay-Z: 'Jesus Is Fake News; Lucifer Adalah Ay Of Truth And Light '	"""Yesus Kristus adalah berita palsu asli,"" menurut Jay-Z, yang mengklaim ""Yesus tidak pernah berjalan di bumi, kalian dimainkan"" dan ""gagasan tentang Yesus hanyalah alat yang digunakan oleh orang pintar untuk mengendalikan orang bodoh. ”"	Fake
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson: 'Twilight adalah bagian tersulit yang pernah saya lakukan'	Dia menjadikan namanya sebagai vampir remaja jantung-berdenyut Edward Cullen di Twilight. Kemudian percintaannya yang bergolak dengan lawan mainnya, Kristen Stewart, mendominasi kolom gosip dunia. Sekarang Robert Pattinson lebih tua, lebih bijaksana dan menumpahkan citra bocah lelaki Hollywood-nya. Dia berbicara tentang peran barunya di pedalaman dystopian David Michôd di barat The Rover	Legit
Celebrity	Amber Heard Membagikan Gambar Dari Aquaman Set	Tepat setelah syuting untuk Aquaman berlangsung di Australia, kami mendapatkan penampilan pertama kami sebagai aktris Amber Heard sebagai Mera. Sekarang Heard telah dibawa ke Twitter untuk berbagi foto dirinya dengan Jason Momoa - aktor di balik peran tituler film - dan sutradara James an.	Legit
Celebrity	Tragis Gwen Stefani Kehilangan Pendengaran Setelah Pecah Gendang Telinga	Burung penyanyi pop Gwen Stefani bisa berakhir tuli dan menghancurkan karier menyanyinya yang luar biasa	Fake
Celebrity	Face Lift, Botox, Peel, Oh My Ellen DeGeneres 'Plastic Surgery Obsession Diungkap	Obsesi Ellen DeGeneres untuk tetap awet muda tertulis di wajahnya - secara harfiah. Dalam sebuah laporan baru dari The National ENQUIRER, sumber mengungkapkan bahwa ratu acara bincang-bincang yang bersahaja itu benar-benar pecandu operasi plastik yang menyamar.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez dan Justin Bieber Just Kissed at His Hockey Game	Saat The eeknd terhubung kembali dengan mantannya, Bella Hadid, Selena Gomez melanjutkan serangkaian penampilannya dengan Justin Bieber. Tadi malam, dia mendukung bintang pop Kanada di pertandingan hoki di LA (untuk kedua kalinya). Dan keduanya membawa PDA ke tingkat berikutnya: mereka terlihat berciuman di arena.	Legit
Celebrity	Kecurangan Blake Shelton dan Lindsey Sporrer di Miranda Lambert - Perceraian Diharapkan | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Sepertinya ketakutan terburuk mutlak Miranda Lambert mungkin menjadi kenyataan. Menilai dari foto-foto terbaru, Blake Shelton mungkin benar-benar menemukan dirinya versi yang lebih muda, lebih kurus dari istrinya yang bengis, Blake memutuskan untuk menghadiri pesta ulang tahun ke-35 Usher dan Miranda tidak ditemukan di mana pun. Hampir seperti dia pergi keluar dari jalannya untuk menghindari Blake ketika dia ada di sekitar orang yang bekerja dengan dia dan kemudian melemparkannya ke wajahnya bahwa mereka selalu terpisah pula, pada malam khusus ini dia ada di rumah tetapi tidak berpikir untuk satu menit Blake kesepian.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian menjelaskan mengapa dia tidak akan memilih Trump	Untuk sesaat di sana, tampaknya Hillary Clinton telah kehilangan suara Kim Kardashian.	Legit
Celebrity	Apakah Evian menjadi rahasia di balik Kulit Hebat Cameron Diaz? Baca lebih lanjut di: https://tr.im/207sZ	Ini adalah salah satu rumor yang sangat konyol sehingga kami berharap majalah Star benar-benar melaporkan dalam edisi terbaru mereka bahwa aktris A-list Cameron Diaz hanya menggunakan air botolan untuk mandi.	Legit
Celebrity	Apakah Meek Mill Menemukan Nicki Minaj Dalam A Lesbian Tryst dengan MA Muda?	Menemukan cerita tentang Nicki Minaj dan Meek Mill bukanlah hal yang mudah. Tahun lalu, daging sapi Mill Meek Mill dengan rapper Kanada Drake membuat kami terhibur selama berbulan-bulan, dan Minaj hampir tidak terlihat. Selama beberapa tahun terakhir, Minaj menjadi terkenal karena pertengkaran di media sosial dan musiknya. Alhasil, pengamat selebritas nampaknya selalu memperhatikan kisah Meek Mill dan Nicki Minaj berikutnya. Dalam beberapa minggu terakhir, sebagian besar cerita tentang Mill dan Minaj berfokus pada apakah pasangan kekuatan hip-hop masih berkencan atau tidak.	Fake
Celebrity	Mariah Carey, Manajer Stella Bulochnikov Split	Mariah Carey dan manajernya selama tiga tahun, Stella Bulochnikov, tidak lagi bekerja bersama sebagai manajer dan klien, Variety telah mengkonfirmasi.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston, Diva? Aktris Dikabarkan Akan 'Tidak Dapat Disentuh' Di Set, Tidak Bersosialisasi (LAPORAN)	"Mungkinkah mantan ""Teman"" ini kurang ramah dalam kehidupan nyata? Rumor mengatakan itu yang terjadi."	Legit
Celebrity	Ellen DeGeneres Makan Malam dengan Misteri Brunette Di Tengah Rumor Perceraian dengan Portia de Rossi	Ellen DeGeneres keluar dengan rambut coklat misterius baru-baru ini di tengah rumor perceraiannya yang akan datang dengan istri Portia de Rossi. Foto-foto pembawa acara TV semuanya tersenyum dengan wanita tak dikenal itu hanya memicu spekulasi perpisahan mereka.	Fake
Celebrity	Jake Gyllenhaal Tidak Ada di Sini untuk Pertanyaan Taylor Swift	Kiri, oleh Mike Pont / ireImage; Kanan, dari GC Images, keduanya dari Getty Images.	Legit
Celebrity	"Jennifer Aniston dan Justin Theroux Membuat Satu ""Kesalahan Perhitungan Besar"" dengan Merencanakan Rahasia Mereka"	"Di samping tempat duduk yang tidak nyaman, kedengarannya seolah-olah pernikahan rahasia Jennifer Aniston dan Justin Theroux, musim panas ini, pergi tanpa hambatan. Luar biasanya, detail tentang pernikahan Malibu tidak bocor ke pers. Jimmy Kimmel melakukan pekerjaan ""indah"" untuk menahbiskan upacara itu, menemukan keseimbangan sempurna antara manis dan lucu. Howard Stern memberikan pidato. Dan sesudahnya, pengantin baru memulai bulan madu kelompok terindah yang pernah kami dengar. Tetapi pada hari ednesday, saat mempromosikan musim baru HBO's The Leftovers, Theroux mengungkapkan bahwa keduanya melakukan satu ""kesalahan perhitungan besar-besaran"" ketika merencanakan pernikahan."	Legit
Celebrity	Victoria Beckham akhirnya menangani klaim bahwa dia berusaha untuk bayinya yang ke lima dengan suaminya, David	Pasangan terkenal itu, yang tinggal di London, sudah memiliki tiga putra dan satu putri	Legit
Celebrity	Sarah Jessica Parker Mewarisi Vogue Magazine Control Dari Anna intour? | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Hanya ada satu intour Anna, tetapi hanya ada begitu lama sehingga dia bisa menjalankan Vogue. Anna sekarang berusia 64 tahun, dan sementara dia masih punya banyak tahun untuk terus menjalankan Vogue, pemerintahannya tidak akan bertahan selamanya. Akhirnya, dia harus menemukan penggantinya, dan menurut laporan dari Radar Online, penggantinya adalah Sarah Jessica Parker.	Fake
Celebrity	"Mantan Beatle Ringo Starr Mengklaim ""Nyata"" Paul McCartney Meninggal pada tahun 1966 dan digantikan oleh Look-Alike"	Beverly Hills | Mantan pemain drum The Beatles, Ringo Starr, mengejutkan dunia pagi ini dalam sebuah wawancara di kediaman mewahnya di California, ketika dia mengakui bahwa rumor berusia 45 tahun tentang dugaan kematian Paul McCartney pada 1966 itu sebenarnya benar.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez menggoda Bye Bye Birdie, musikal live NBC berikutnya	Siaran langsung NBC dari Hairspray masih berlangsung, tetapi Jennifer Lopez sudah bersiap-siap untuk produksi musik besar jaringan berikutnya, Bye Bye Birdie Live	Legit
Celebrity		Axed Jennifer Hudson on Be Be Be Ditanyakan Kembali Ke 'The Voice' Over Nightmare Diva Behavior	Fake
Celebrity	Billy Bush secara resmi dipecat dari acara NBC Today setelah bocor skandal rekaman cabul Donald Trump	Bush diskors pada acara pagi hari dua hari setelah isi rekaman 2005 dilaporkan pada 7 Oktober.	Legit
Celebrity	hy Celine Dion dan Cher saling membenci	Cher memukau kerumunan dalam pakaian bertatahkan kristal di sana kemarin ketika dia menyanyikan 'If I Could Turn Back Time' dan 'Believe' di Billboard Music Awards 2017.	Fake
Celebrity	Analisis | Kanye est dan bagaimana hip-hop menangani kesehatan mental	Tidak sepenuhnya jelas apa yang terjadi dengan Kanye est. Sang rapper, yang difilmkan memberikan kata-kata kasar di atas panggung selama pertunjukan baru-baru ini di California, pada hari Senin membatalkan 21 tanggal yang tersisa dalam tur Saint Pablo-nya. Beberapa jam kemudian, dia dilaporkan dirawat di rumah sakit karena stres dan kelelahan.	Legit
Celebrity	Liam Payne Just Dissed Solo Music Harry Styles	Musik baru Harry Styles bukan untuk semua orang, bahkan mantan teman band One Direction, Liam Payne.	Fake
Celebrity	Justin Bieber dan Selena Gomez menggairahkan penggemar	(CNN) Seperti cinta, harapan menjadi abadi bagi penggemar Justin Bieber dan Selena Gomez.	Legit
Celebrity	Iggy Azalea dan Odell Beckham Jr .: Berkencan	Anda mungkin dikejutkan oleh berita bahwa Odell Beckham Jr dan Iggy Azalea sedang berkencan, tetapi jika Anda berhenti dan memikirkannya sejenak, mereka benar-benar masuk akal sebagai pasangan.	Fake
Celebrity	Ben Affleck Memiliki Wajah Baru yang Segar: BOTOX BEN	DISARANKAN ?? Setelah setahun yang SANGAT KASAR, dokter mengatakan bahwa tampaknya Ben Affleck wajahnya segar. Bantuan yang dikabarkan itu? Botox sebagai pengisi kaki gagaknya untuk melembutkan garis di sekitar mulutnya.	Fake
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus dan Liam Hemsworth End Engagement	Ini secara resmi berakhir: Reps untuk Miley Cyrus dan Liam Hemsworth mengkonfirmasi kepada ORANG secara eksklusif bahwa pertunangan tidak aktif antara kedua bintang.	Fake
Celebrity	FKA Twigs Tampak Menyedihkan oleh Robert Pattinson Di Festival Film Cannes | Celeb Dirty Laundry	FKA Twigs dan Robert Pattinson dilaporkan kuat. Bintang Twilight dan tunangannya menghadiri Festival Film Cannes 2017 minggu ini. Pasangan itu tidak tampak bahagia seperti yang dilaporkan. Sudah berbulan-bulan sejak para penggemar melihat FKA Twigs dan Robert Pattinson bersama.	Fake
Celebrity	Stop Right Now The Spice Girls Mungkin Akan Merencanakan Reuni	Ada hal-hal tertentu yang orang tidak seharusnya bercanda. Reuni Spice Girls yang potensial dengan kelima anggota adalah salah satunya.	Legit
Celebrity	Pemisahan Percobaan Kim Kardashian dan Kanye est Berlangsung Selama Enam Kali (EKSKLUSIF)	Setelah menderita gangguan pada akhir 2016, Kanye est telah menjaga profil yang sangat rendah. Tetapi yang tidak diketahui oleh para penggemar adalah bahwa rapper dan istrinya Kim Kardashian sedang mengalami perpisahan percobaan.	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye est, No 'American Idol' For Me	Tidak ada 'American Idol' Untukku	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez A-Rod menyayangi On The ay? Dia semut Untuk Menikahinya	"Apakah Jennifer Lopez, 47, yang untuk Alex Rodriguez, 41? Teman-temannya dilaporkan mulai berpikiran demikian, menurut E News. ""Semua teman-temannya dapat mengatakan bahwa dia benar-benar menyukai J.Lo [tetapi] pada awalnya mereka pikir ini mungkin hanya sebuah hubungan asmara,"" kata seorang sumber. ""Teman-temannya perlahan berpikir ini mungkin benar-benar pertandingan yang hebat."" J-Lo dan A-Rod benar-benar menikmati waktu mereka bersama pada hari Jumat, 24 Maret ketika mereka nongkrong di Hotel Bel-Air yang mewah."	Fake
Celebrity	Fergie mengatakan dia dan Josh Duhamel masih 'teman baik'	"Fergie mengatakan meskipun dia dan suaminya Josh Duhamel berpisah, mereka masih ""teman baik"" yang saling mencintai dan putra mereka."	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie, Tidak terputus	"""Saya tidak pernah berharap menjadi orang yang dipahami atau disukai semua orang,"" kata Angelina Jolie. ""Dan itu tidak apa-apa, karena aku tahu siapa aku, dan anak-anak tahu siapa aku."""	Legit
Celebrity	Pangeran Harry Meghan Markle Bergerak Bersama	"Seorang sahabat dekat dari bintang ""Suits"" itu mengatakan kepada The ENQUIRER bahwa Meg ""membalikkan istana dengan renovasi"" - menambahkan: ""Dia tahu apa yang dia inginkan Meghan sangat keras kepala ketika sampai pada seleranya sendiri"" Penduduk asli LA bersikeras. pada renovasi ramah lingkungan, ruang terbuka lapang, warna-warna netral, sofa dan kursi besar yang nyaman, dan aksesoris kaca dan logam modern. Tapi sikap ""seperti diva"" orang biasa membuat beberapa orang dalam istana merasa ngeri"	Fake
Celebrity	Cerita Sampul: Angelina Jolie Solo	Ada Angelina Jolie yang kini menjadi ibu tunggal — yang mengelola kekacauan sehari-hari enam anak, dan trauma perpisahannya dengan Brad Pitt — dan ada Angelina Jolie yang film terbarunya, film Netflix yang inovatif tentang genosida Kamboja, adalah juga terima kasih kepada bangsa yang mentransformasikannya. Di rumah LA yang baru, Jolie mengungkapkan ketegangan antara kedua Angelina dan alasan hidupnya tidak akan pernah normal.	Legit
Celebrity	Blake Shelton Mengatasi Rumor Di Twitter Dalam The Best Possible ay	Blake Shelton sudah cukup banyak berbicara tentang tabloid tentang dia dan istrinya, Miranda Lambert.	Legit
Celebrity	Pernikahan rahasia Allison illiams 'terungkap	Allison illiams akan menikah pada hari Sabtu dalam upacara rahasia berbintang di barat, Page Six dapat secara eksklusif mengungkapkan.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift ent to '' Great Lengths '' to Keep Her Romance Private	Meskipun sejak itu tersiar kabar bahwa Taylor Swift berpacaran dengan aktor Inggris Joe Alwyn, dia benar-benar mencoba untuk menyimpannya selama mungkin.	Legit
Celebrity	Anna Faris Menanggapi Rumor Kecurangan Chris Pratt-Jennifer Lawrence Saat Mereka Mempromosikan 'Penumpang' Di Ulang Tahunnya	"Aktris ""Mom"" Anna Faris tidak ingin membiarkan tabloid menghampirinya, tetapi ketika desas-desus beredar tahun lalu tentang suaminya Chris Pratt berselingkuh dengannya dengan lawan main ""Penumpang"" Jennifer Lawrence, dia merasa rentan."	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Lawrence ingat waktu dia mabuk dengan Kris Jenner dan ditelanjangi	Jennifer Lawrence bersenang-senang mengisi untuk Jimmy Kimmel pada acara larut malam hari Kamis.	Legit
Celebrity	Anderson Cooper di Kathy Griffin: 'Saya harap dia bangkit kembali'	Anderson Cooper telah memperjelas bahwa dia tidak senang dengan foto kontroversial Kathy Griffin tentang Donald Trump, tetapi pembawa berita CNN mengatakan dia berharap teman lamanya itu dapat kembali setelah cobaan yang menjadi berita utama.	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/taylor-swift-new-song-look-what-you-made-me-do-apparent-kanye-west-diss-w499090	Taylor Swift Merilis Ternyata Kanye est Diss Song	Legit
Celebrity	https://www.vanityfair.com/style/2017/09/jim-carrey-roasts-fashion-week	Jim Carrey Hadiri Pesta Mode Baru untuk Memanggang Pesta Mode Baru	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Kylie ho? Rencana Adopsi Caitlyn Jenner Jump-Starts	RadarOnline.com dapat secara eksklusif mengungkapkan bahwa Caitlyn Jenner secara aktif mengeksplorasi proses adopsi dalam upaya putus asa untuk mengisi kekosongan yang disebabkan oleh hubungannya yang tegang dengan putrinya, Kendall dan Kylie.	Fake
Celebrity	Brad Pitt Menjalankan Kembali ke Jen Aniston Selama Perceraiannya Dari Angelina Jolie (EKSKLUSIF)	Ketika Angelina Jolie terus memutar pisaunya di hati Brad Pitt di tengah perceraian mereka yang akan datang, aktor berusia 53 tahun ini berlari kembali ke mantan istrinya Jennifer Aniston untuk mendapatkan dukungan, In Touch telah secara eksklusif belajar. Setahun setelah Angelina, 42, membutakan suaminya dari dua tahun dengan surat cerai, aktris itu berterus terang dengan The New York Times, tampaknya menunjukkan bahwa keenam anaknya lebih baik tanpa ayah mereka.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez Rencana Kedua Untuk Berkencan dengan Jennifer Aniston Justin Theroux	"Saran cinta Jennifer Aniston, 48, memberi Selena Gomez, 24, tentu terbayar Jadi bagaimana perasaan bintang A-List tentang pacar barunya The eeknd, 26? ""Jen tidak bisa lebih bersemangat untuk Selena. Dia merasa jika ada orang yang pantas bahagia dan menemukan cinta sejati itu adalah Selena,"" kata orang dalam kepada HollywoodLife.com SECARA EKSKLUSIF. Sangat romantis"	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian dan Kanye est Mencari Sumbangan Amal, Bukan Hadiah Bayi	Tolong, tidak ada hadiah bayi di sini	Legit
Celebrity	JLo Dumped By NBC Setelah Peringkat Mengerikan - EKSKLUSIF	JLo Dumped By NBC Setelah Peringkat Mengerikan - EKSKLUSIF	Fake
Celebrity	Apakah Pangeran Harry Menuju Ke Yale?	BUKAN sejak Pangeran illiam memilih St. Andrews karena almamaternya memiliki kegembiraan luar biasa di kampus universitas, tetapi para siswa yang berharap akhirnya berbagi asrama dengan seorang pangeran harus melihat sedikit lebih jauh saat ini ketika rumor muncul bahwa Pangeran Harry adalah Yale-terikat. Royal 31 tahun diperkirakan mempertimbangkan Yale Law School di Connecticut sebagai langkah selanjutnya setelah meninggalkan tentara, dan para siswa sangat bersemangat	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie Mengancam Brad Pitt: Jangan Membawa Anak-Anak Sekitar Jennifer Aniston	Meskipun Angelina Jolie, 41, dan Brad Pitt, 53, memilih untuk membuat dokumen hukum mereka yang melibatkan perpecahan mereka sepenuhnya pribadi pada 10 Januari 2017, Angie dilaporkan mendapat permintaan baru untuk menambah negosiasi perpecahan mereka. Dia tidak ingin Brad melaporkan teman SMS baru, Jennifer Aniston, 48, di dekat anak-anaknya, menurut In Touch.	Fake
Celebrity	Pacar Ryan Seacrest, Shayna Taylor, Keluar untuk Alasan yang Baik	Ryan Seacrest membawa pacarnya Shayna Taylor keluar untuk alasan yang bagus tadi malam	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Memegang Blue Ivy, Menunjukkan Bump Bayi di Memorial Day Bikini Pic	Oh, bayi Beyoncé, yang hamil dan hamil kembar bersama suaminya Jay Z, pergi ke Instagram pada Hari Peringatan, Senin, 29 Mei, untuk memamerkan benjolan bayinya dalam sebuah foto yang menggemaskan yang menampilkan anak perempuan mereka yang berusia 5 tahun, Blue Ivy.	Legit
Celebrity	Bersulang? Ceroboh Jessica Simpson Eric Johnson Menjadi Minuman Keras Moguls	Jessica Simpson dan Eric Johnson sangat menyukai minuman keras mereka, mereka sedang mempertimbangkan untuk mengubah hasrat mereka menjadi usaha bisnis baru, RadarOnline.com telah belajar secara eksklusif.	Fake
Celebrity	Hollywood Film Awards: Lihat apa yang dikenakan Angelina Jolie, Margot Robbie, dan lainnya	Hollywood Film Awards berlangsung semalam di Los Angeles, dengan Margot Robbie (foto dalam Louis Vuitton), Angelina Jolie dan Dakota Johnson di antara para tamu yang glamor.	Legit
Celebrity	Kanye est - 'Nervous Breakdown' ... Didorong Tepi oleh Peringatan Hari Pemakaman Ibu	Pushed Over Edge oleh Anniversary of Mom's Funeral	Fake
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus dan Liam Hemsworth mengenakan cincin pernikahan di 'SNL' - dan sekarang penggemar yakin mereka menikah	"Pasangan itu berada dalam sketsa ""Saturday Night Live"" bersama-sama. Saturday Night Live / YouTube"	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Cemburu pada Tubuh Bikini Kourtney: Mencetak Dua Kali Sehari Untuk Bersaing	Kim Kardashian berwarna hijau karena iri pada bikini bodi adiknya. Tapi alih-alih membiarkan Kourtney Kardashian mencuri kilauannya, simbol seks OG justru menyerang. Ini dia rencana permainan EKSKLUSIF untuk menarik kembali sorotan	Fake
Celebrity	Barack Obama 'semut Untuk Cut Partai Longgar' Di Tengah Rumor Perceraian | follownews	Sekarang setelah dia keluar dari House hite dan tidak harus menjaga citra palsu dari suami yang penuh cinta, mantan Presiden Barack Obama telah menendang istri Michelle ke pinggir jalan dan telah menarik cincin kawinnya, menurut sebuah sumber.	Fake
Celebrity	Kelly Ripa dan Megyn Kelly dalam Pertempuran Rating atas 'Megyn Kelly Today' dan 'Live ith Kelly and Ryan'	Hal-hal yang semakin memanaskan Megyn Kelly Today dan Live ith Kelly dan Ryan air pada slot waktu yang sama (hari kerja pukul 9 pagi), jadi tidak mengherankan ada pertempuran peringkat yang terjadi antara host Megyn Kelly dan Kelly Ripa sekarang	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye est sebagai Designing Looks Untuk Melania Trump Pada Hari Peresmian Sebelum Kerusakan	Kanye est, 38, adalah definisi workaholic sejati. Selain Tour Saint Pablo-nya yang sibuk yang baru saja dibatalkan, 'Ye terinspirasi untuk membuat pakaiannya seperti popcorn dan secara diam-diam menyusun beberapa desain untuk dipakai oleh Ibu Negara Melania Trump, 46, yang akan datang.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift Debut Berani Tebal pada Sampul Album Reputasinya	Taylor Swift telah resmi kembali. Pagi ini, setelah pemadaman media sosial diikuti oleh klip samar ular melingkar, mencolok, Swift menarik kembali tirai di albumnya yang akan datang, Reputasi - yang mengharapkan rilis 10 November, menurut bingkai berikutnya - dengan hitam mencolok dan foto kecantikan putih yang menampilkan pandangan baru tentang kecantikannya yang khas.	Legit
Celebrity	Rosie O'Donnell Menjual Mansion Pulau Star-nya seharga 16,5 Juta	2013-06-17T14: 07: 39-04: 00	Legit
Celebrity	Pekerja bantuan mengklaim Angelina Jolie mengadopsi putra Maddox menggunakan detail palsu	Seorang pekerja bantuan Kamboja mengajukan klaim luar biasa tentang adopsi anak sulung Angelina Jolie tahun 2003, Maddox Jolie-Pitt.	Legit
Celebrity	Perilaku Setiva Jennifer Aniston - tidak Makan Siang dengan Pemain, SUV Mewah dan Trailer Pribadi Berjarak Miles Away	Jennifer Aniston adalah bintang film A-list dan RadarOnline.com telah secara eksklusif mengetahui persis seperti apa ia bertindak di lokasi syuting.	Fake
Celebrity		Je! Drake's New single inamaanisha kuwa Tayari Ameshatoa Albamu yake ya Hivi Punde?	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie Amal Alamuddin: Ni ar	hen George na Amal Clooney walisherehekea harusi yao kwa mara ya pili mnamo Oktoba 25, kulikuwa na wageni wawili waliogundulika sana ambao walikosekana - Brad Pitt na Angelina Jolie hawakuweza kuonekana	Fake
Celebrity	Jambo kwa Blondes? Brad Pitt Yuko Tayari Kusonga Margot Robbie	"Je! Brad Pitt amerudi blondes? Muda kidogo baada ya kugawanyika kwake na Angelina Jolie, uvumi ulienea kuhusu kemia wa Pitt wa kuweka usanii na mwigizaji wa Allies Marion Cotillard. Kuhusishwa na wengi wa nyota wenzake kwa muda wote wa kazi yake ndefu, pamoja na mchumba wake wa hivi karibuni, haishangazi Jolie hakuwa na hamu ya kufanya naye kazi na mabomu ya machozi, Margot Robbie. Chanzo cha kipekee kwa ripoti za OK, ""Anadhani ni msichana moto zaidi katika Hollywood hivi sasa."" Kulingana na chanzo, muigizaji huyo mwenye umri wa miaka 41 na Rais wa Filamu B za Mpango ""amejaribu kumpongeza kwa miradi mingi ya sinema. Hii ilikuwa somo kali na Angie ambaye aliwazuia kufanya kazi pamoja mara chache. Sasa yeye hana ndoa tena unaweza kutarajia Brad atafuata Margot na shauku. "" Na nani angemlaumu? Urembo wa miaka 26 wa Australia umepewa jina la ""Angelina Jolie mpya,"" unaochochea hofu mioyoni mwa wake mashuhuri. Ana sifa yake mwenyewe ya kemia iliyowekwa na watendaji wa ndoa ikiwa ni pamoja na mgonjwa Smith. picha za kuchoma moto na nzito za ngono na picha zikiwa zinatazama kamera laini, Smith mwenyewe alilazimika kushughulikia uvumi huo kwenye twitter, ""Inasikitisha kwamba kuzunguka kila wakati kunaweza kuchukuliwa bila muktadha."""	Fake
Celebrity	Tom Hiddleston alishtuka Taylor Swift Alimrejelea juu ya Albamu Mpya: Hapa kuna msemo	watu wengi ambao wako au walikuwa katika maisha ya Taylor Swift uwezekano mkubwa walijua wataitwa kwenye albamu yake, Tom Hiddleston alidhani yuko salama Lakini, amemtajwa kwenye nyimbo za TO Hapa ndio anafikiria…	Fake
Celebrity	JENNIFER ANISTON HINTS KWA MARAFIKI Reunion	"Jennifer Aniston anawafurahisha sana marafiki wa Marafiki mwigizaji aligusia angekuwa wazi kwa kuungana tena na kipindi cha NBC. ""Kitu pekee ambacho ninaweza kufikiria kufanya labda ni kufurahi kipindi cha Kushukuru,"" Aniston alisema kwenye onyesho la Briteni. Walakini, msemaji wa arner Bros., studio ambayo ilitengeneza Marafiki, aliiambia New York Post kuwa hakujawa na majadiliano ya awali juu ya onyesho la kukutana kwa Marafiki."	Fake
Celebrity	Lindsay Lohan: Kutamani Starlet Baada ya Vladimir Putin	"LiLo's ghafla ililenga macho yake ya moto kwa ""Kremlin Krotch,"" akiambia suruali yeye kitanda na mchumba mashuhuri wa Soviet Vladimir Putin - na kisha apewe taji rasmi ""Princess Pootie-Tang wa Urusi"""	Fake
Celebrity	Kuibuka kwa Sayansi Katie Holmes Jenna Elfman Kuingia katika Awkward 'GMA' Kukimbia	Kwa mara moja, mchezo wa kuigiza huko Good Morning America haukumuhusisha Robin Roberts na mpiga picha wake mpya, Michael Strahan.	Fake
Celebrity	Nat ants to Enter Biashara ya Vipodozi Kama Kylie	Kanye est anataka kwenda kichwa-na-mkwe-dada-yake maarufu ... kupiga mbizi kwanza ndani ya biz ya mapambo iliyotawaliwa na Kylie Jenner.	Fake
Celebrity	Kucheza na Timu ya Star 2017 pamoja na Charo, Bonner Bolton, Heather Morris Zaidi	"kucheza juu ya kucheza na nyota? Wacha tujue Mchezo mpya wa kucheza na Stars 2017 ulitangazwa juu ya Wema Morning America Wshindi wa Msimu 24 walijadiliwa kwenye Msimu wa Marafiki, ambao pia uliashiria sehemu ya 400 ya kucheza na Stars. Vipindi vya show MONDAYS 8 | 7c kwenye ABC. Mechi hiyo ya msimu huu ni pamoja na Bonner Bolton, Bwana T, Olimpiki Simone na Nancy Kerrigan, Heather Morris na msichana wa asili wa ""Cuchi-Cuchi"", Charo, kuwataja wachache tu. Angalia kucheza kamili na Mchezo wa nyota hapa chini baada ya kufurahiya nambari ya ufunguzi mzuri kutoka kwa Msimu wa kwanza wa Msimu"	Legit
Celebrity	Kirsten Dunst anafafanua kwanini alikuwa analia kwenye kabichi nyekundu cha Cannes 2017	Kirsten Dunst alionekana akilia ajabu kwenye kabichi nyekundu kwenye Tamasha la Filamu la Cannes la mwaka huu, na sasa inaonekana tunayo maelezo kwa tukio hilo la ghafla.	Legit
Celebrity	Ndani ya bafu ya watoto Beyoncé	Usifanye kama haukujua Beyoncé alikuwa anafunga itakapokuja kwa kuoga kwa mtoto wake.	Legit
Celebrity	Prince - Ukweli Nyuma ya Dawa Yake ya Dawa	"Kama ENPLIRER iliripoti, Prince alikuwa amekutwa na VVU, virusi ambavyo husababisha UKIMWI, katika miaka ya 1990. Wazo la Yehova alichagua kutopambana na ugonjwa unaouda na dawa kwa sababu ya imani yake, akiamini ""Mungu ataniokoa"" Miezi sita iliyopita, aliambiwa na madaktari alikuwa na UKIMWI ulijaa baraka na alikuwa na miezi sita tu ya kuishi, vyanzo vilisema. ""Hakuweza kuchukua uchungu ambao ugonjwa ulikuwa unamsababisha katika hatua zake za mwisho,"" mtu wa ndani aliiambia ENPLIRER. ""Na hakutaka kupotea tu polepole"""	Fake
Celebrity	Blake Lively kwenye michezo ya Hollywood, Kuelekeza na uwezekano wa 'Mtoto wa Kitapeli'	"Kama moja ya Nguvu ya Tofauti ya omen inavyowaheshimu, Blake Lively atahudhuria chakula cha mchana Ijumaa akiunga mkono Ushirikiano wa Uokoaji wa Watoto. Kwa toleo la wiki hii, mwigizaji alizungumza juu ya wanawake huko Hollywood, akipiga risasi huko New York kwa ""Msichana wa Kitapeli,"" na kile anachoangalia katika jukumu."	Legit
Celebrity	Mwishowe, Kidole Kidman Anakubali Botox	Kwa kadiri tunavyoweza kusema, Botox huorodhesha orodha ya starehe za watu Mashuhuri: Kila mtu hufanya hivyo, lakini hakuna mtu anayezungumza juu yake. Isipokuwa Nicole Kidman, hiyo ni.	Legit
Celebrity	Tom Cruise awkwardly anauliza swali juu ya binti Suri	Tom Cruise alijibu kwa heshima kwa swali juu ya binti Suri kwenye mkutano wake wa mapema wa Mummy jana usiku, lakini hakuonekana kutulia akiongea juu yake kufafanua juu ya jibu.	Legit
Celebrity	Ndio, Kim Kardashian na Kanye wanasaini Prenup, Lakini Guess ho is orth More	Ukweli kwamba Kim Kardashian na Kanye wanapanga kusaini makubaliano ya kitalu labda hautashangaza wengi, lakini madai ya hivi karibuni juu ya nani anayestahili zaidi.	Legit
Celebrity	Caitlyn Jenner: uvumi wa uwongo karibu naye, mahusiano ya familia yake na familia yake ya wazi Soma juu yake hapa -	RadarOnline alichapisha hadithi kuhusu Caitlyn akidai kuwa nyota ya TV ya transgender na aliyetapeliwa wa zamani anaenda mkondoni ili kuchunguza ujinsia wake na amekuwa akifurahia 'siri za holela' za siri. Ufafanuzi wa 'hookups' haujafafanuliwa katika hadithi. Lakini ripoti inasema kwamba Caitlyn Jenner ameingia kwenye mapenzi kwenye mtandao bila maingiliano yoyote ya nje ya mkondo na wateja. Tabloid imenukuu mtu wa ndani akisema:	Legit
Celebrity	Je, mwigizaji wa filamu za Ahamani Nicole Kidman na Amber Heard wanajifanya kwenye sinema ya DC?	James alianza utengenezaji wa filamu ya Aquaman huko Australia mwezi uliopita. hason Jason Momoa na mwigizaji wa Mera Amber Heard tayari wameshapiga tukio lao la kwanza kwa pamoja, mwigizaji wa Malkia Atlanna Nicole Kidman alifikia siku chache zilizopita. Kufuatia kutua kwake, kumeripotiwa kumekuwa na cheche kwenye seti.	Fake
Celebrity	Chelsea Handler anafikiria 'Ni ya Upumbavu' Watu Wanadhani Jennifer Aniston Anajali Kuhusu Kufanya Kofia kati ya Angelina Jolie na Brad Pitt	Kicheko ni dawa bora linapokuja suala la kukabiliana na uvumi huko Hollywood, angalau kwa Chelsea Handler na bestie Jennifer Aniston.	Legit
Celebrity	Chelsea Handler hana Kitu Mzuri kusema juu ya Ben Affleck (EXCLUSIVE)	Hoes over bros Inavyoonekana, mchekeshaji wa Chelsea Handler anachukua moyo huo kwa sababu yuko tayari kumng'ata rafiki yake mkubwa, mchumba wa Jennifer Garner's, Ben Affleck. Kijana mwenye umri wa miaka 42 ni asilimia 100 TeamJen katika Ben / Jen amegawanyika - na kwa uaminifu, unaweza kumlaumu? Katika Touch ina maoni ya kipekee juu ya nini hasa Chelsea imehifadhiwa kwa nyota wa Argo.	Fake
Celebrity	Oscars: Mel Gibson, Casey Affleck na Wigo wa Hollywood wa Kuteleza kwa Adhabu ya Maadili	"Chumba cha wanaume cha Sinema Zilizoonekana katika est LA ni mahali pazuri kama yoyote ya kupima maoni ya kweli ya wapiga kura wa Oscar. Kufuatia onyesho la barabara ya Hacksaw Jumamosi chache zilizopita, nilijikuta nikanawa mikono yangu karibu na waungwana wawili - wote wawili walionekana kuwa na umri wa miaka 63, umri wa wastani wa washiriki wa Chuo, na mmoja aliyevaa kofia ya Kung Fu Panda 2 (aina ya kofia mtu mzima havaa isipokuwa alifanya kazi kwenye sinema) kujadili kile walichokuwa wameona. ""Hakutaka kupenda huyo lakini ...,"" mtu wa kwanza alisema, akitoka. ""Lakini Mel anaweza kuelekeza,"" rafiki akamaliza."	Legit
Celebrity	Vanessa Lachey anavunja ukimya wakati wa uvumi wa 'D TS'	Duo hii ya kucheza inajaribu kupata safu yao.	Legit
Celebrity	Msiba wa edward wa George Clooney's 220M - Prenup Feud, Mpangilio wa Wageni wa Flub	Vijana wa George Clooney wanaokuja kwa mchumba wa Amal Alamuddin wanageuka kuwa msiba - daladala wanandoa wamekuwa wakibishana juu, wasiwasi juu ya orodha ya wageni na mpangaji wao wa harusi ataacha - na wenzi hao wanaweza hata kuifanya iwe chini ya njia	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian mazungumzo yake ya surrogate	Anatarajia mtoto wake wa tatu kupitia surrogate.	Fake
Celebrity	Upasuaji wa siri wa plastiki wa Janet Jackson	Janet Jackson amechoka kuficha mikono yake ya bibi aliyezeeka chini ya sketi ndefu na glavu - kwa hivyo sasa anawapa pesa	Fake
Celebrity	Baba mpya Ryan Gosling anajivuta sigara wakati anapiga filamu mpya The Nice Guys	Ryan Gosling kwenye seti ya filamu yake mpya 'The Nice Guys' huko Atlanta jana [AKM-GSI]	Legit
Celebrity	Kijitabu cha Kijamaa cha Kijitabu Kim Kardashian Aliadhibitiwa Kwa Kupuuza Utawala wa Nambari yoyote ya simu Katika edi ya Serena illiams	Insider alituambia kwamba babysitter kufuata ukweli TV nyota kuhakikisha yeye kuheshimu sheria. Serena illiams na harusi ya Alexis Ohanian ilikuwa moja ya kukumbuka kwa hakika, na Kim Kardashian alikuwepo pia. Lakini kama tulivyojifunza, Kuweka Up na celeb ya Kardashians ina shida kukaa mbali na media ya kijamii kwa muda mrefu sana.	Fake
Celebrity	Nicole Kidman Anafurahisha Vifungu Kupitia Maoni juu ya busu lake la Alexander Skarsgård huko Emmys	"Ah, Nicole Kidman na Keith Urban. Yeye, muigizaji wa filamu wa Australia aliwahi kuolewa na mtu anayeongoza wa Hollywood. Yeye, mwimbaji wa nchi ya Australia na moyo wa Nashville. Kwa pamoja ni bi-pwani, nchi mbili, wanandoa wa nguvu mbili-bara. Endelea, waone wakitembea chini carpet yoyote nyekundu pamoja na jaribu kubaki bila silaha. Ni tasnia mbili za kuvutia ambazo hufanya uchaguzi wa nywele tofauti Wewe huna nafasi ndio maana wakati alishinda mwigizaji bora kwa jukumu lake la umeme la Big Little Lies, na kumbusu mumewe wa televisheni, Alexander Skarsgård mrefu sana, kwenye midomo wakati mumewe halisi alitazama kwa upendo, kila mtu alikuwa kama, ""kofia? Huh? Kwenye midomo? """	Legit
Celebrity	ATCH: Kutoka kwa Donald Trump ya Marla Ramani inahusu kihemko Kuhusu Maisha kama Mama Moja Juu ya Kucheza na Nyota	"""Ninafikiria tu kupata mtoto kuwa zawadi bora zaidi duniani,"" mke wa zamani wa Donald Trump anasema kwenye Dansi na picha ya hakikisho la Stars iliyoonyeshwa na BURE kwa watu. ""Kila wakati mmoja, mzuri, wenye changamoto, wenye furaha, wenye uchungu, wote ni muhimu sana."""	Legit
Celebrity	Sasisho la 'Shama hamsini na Nyeusi': Jamie Dornan, Dakota Johnson aligawanyika baada ya kudanganya kwa kuweka; Kutolewa kwa filamu kucheleweshwa?	Kivuli cha Elfu Nyeusi sasa kinaweza kuwa katika shida na taarifa za kudhalilisha kati ya wanachama Jamie Dornan na Dakota Johnson.	Fake
Celebrity		Uzinduzi wa Uboreshaji wa Kylie 'Over' Copycat 'Dada Kim Kim	Fake
Celebrity	Je! Madonna ant atuma R ukuphe Reli kwa Shule ya Jeshi?	Sababu ya kwa nini mtoto wa Madonna Rocco bolted kwa nyumba ya baba yake inakuwa wazi zaidi. Inaonekana kwamba Madonna ni madhubuti zaidi nyumbani kuliko mtu angefikiria, na anataka kumtuma mwana Rocco shule ya jeshi. Rocco Ritchie, 15, hataki kwenda, na wakati akiwa kwenye ziara na Madonna, alikimbia kwenda kuishi na baba yake.	Fake
Celebrity	Tyga Aonyesha Maelezo kuhusu Kuvunjika kwa Kylie Jenner	Katika mahojiano mapya na Big Boy TV, Tyga-mwezi mmoja kutoka kwa mgawanyiko wake na Kylie Jenner-alifunua habari mpya juu ya kile kilichosababisha kuharibiwa kwa wanandoa.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian 'Allergic' Kwa Vito vya Kujitia Baada ya Mbaya wa Jamaa wa Paris	Hata ingawa imekuwa ni wakati tangu wakati huo na sote tulidhani ukweli wa nyota wa TV ulikuwa bora zaidi, inaonekana kama wizi wa kutisha wa Paris bado ni juu ya akili ya Kim Kardashian.	Fake
Celebrity	Kris Jenner Anajali kwa Vizazi Vizazi vya Kardashians	Kris Jenner, mama wa watoto sita na bibi kwa wengine sita, ni mtoaji wa shughuli nyingi. Tangu kuanza kwa onyesho la ukweli la familia yake mnamo 2007, ni wazi kwamba amekuwa akifanya mazoezi ya jicho moja kwenye circus ya TV na nyingine juu ya jinsi circus hiyo inavyoathiri familia yake. Wakati wa kuibuka kwa ukweli mpya wa Televisheni na mwandishi wa The Hollywood, Jenner alisema ana wasiwasi kuhusu jinsi wajukuu wake sita wataathiriwa na biashara ya familia.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber Auliza 'Taylor Swift kofia juu' katika Picitho Kanye	"sijui inamaanisha nini bado, lakini mnamo Jumanne asubuhi (Agosti 2) Justin Bieber alisisitiza maoni zaidi ya 85,000 katika masaa chini ya sita tu kwa kujipiga risasi kwa pande zote za mtindo wa John Lennon Lakini ni maelezo mafupi ambayo mtandao unabashiri: ""Taylor wepesi ni nini,"" Bieber aliandika."	Legit
Celebrity	'Kitendo cha Pili' Cast Stars Milo Ventimiglia Jennifer Lopez Hakuna Mtu anayeweza kudhibiti hisia zao	Jitayarishe kwa moja ya wanandoa wenye moto zaidi wa sinema ... kuruka kati yao. Milo Ventimiglia atacheza mchumba wa J. Lo katika sinema hiyo mpya, kulingana na Tofauti, na habari za kutupwa zina mashabiki wa nyota hizo mbili kutikisa.	Legit
Celebrity	Kevin Hart Begs Tuna Eniko Parrish Kwa Msamaha 25 25 Push Zawadi	"Kevin Hart anajiambia - hakuna kinachosema ""samahani kwa kudanganya na kukudhalilisha"" kama zawadi 250,000."	Fake
Celebrity	Chris Pratt Snubs Justin Bieber Urafiki	Je! Nyota zinazoomba pamoja zinacheza pamoja? Sio kama wao ni Justin Bieber na Chris Pratt	Fake
Celebrity	Leah Remini Anafungua Juu ya Urafiki Wake wa Jennifer Lopez Na Uunganisho wa Sayansi	Jennifer Lopez na mtaalam wa zamani wa Sayansi Leah Remini ni marafiki bora zaidi. Wamejuana kwa miaka kadhaa na wamepitia mengi. Kwa vyovyote vile, urafiki wao unakua. Imekuwa inaonekana siku zote kuwa Lea ndiye pekee aliye na unganisho la Kanisa la Sayansi, lakini sivyo ilivyo.	Fake
Celebrity	Prince illiam Kate Kuhudhuria sherehe ya Kwanza ya Bustani ya Royal ya Msimu	hali ya hewa ya joto inakuja jambo moja: vyama vya bustani	Legit
Celebrity	Cameron Diaz	Endelea tena	Fake
Celebrity	Parokia ya Kevin Hart na Ino Eniko Shiriki Picha Tamu za Mtoto Kenzo	Kevin Hart na mke wa Eniko Parrish walishiriki picha ya kupendeza ya mtoto wao mchanga, Kenzo Kash Hart, na wazazi hawakuweza kusaidia	Legit
Celebrity	Mizigo mikubwa ya Gharama na Mapambano Kamwe	Celebs za migogoro ya bei hubadilika kuwa mtaalamu wakati kamera zinagonga, nyuma ya pazia kuna paka za kuwaka, kulia na kusugua macho. lakini walilazimishwa kufanya kazi pamoja kwa misimu kadhaa ya kipindi cha runinga kali au miezi michache kwa filamu, nyota hizi haziwezi kuonekana kuwa sawa.	Fake
Celebrity	Caitlyn Jenner: Robert Kardashian Aliamini OJ Simpson Dhamana ya mauaji	"Memoir anayekuja wa Caitlyn Jenner, Siri ya Maisha yangu, amepewa kitabu kama ""ambacho"" kinadhihirisha zamani zake kama anavyotazama hatma yake. "" Kama yeye anagusa mada kadhaa, kama ushindi wake wa Olimpiki na ndoa tatu zilizoshindwa, ufunuo ambao Robert Kardashian alidai alimwambia kuwa anaamini OJ Simpson alikuwa na hatia ya kumuua Nicole Brown Simpson na Ronald Goldman anatengeneza mawimbi."	Legit
Celebrity	Anadai Anne Hathaway alifanya madai ya 'diva' katika hafla ya uifadhili	ANNE Hathaway ameshtumiwa kwa kufanya kama diva na kuwasilisha orodha ndefu ya mahitaji kabla ya hafla ya kutoa saratani huko Santa Monica mapema mwezi huu.	Fake
Celebrity	QUEEN BEY Beyonce Apata Taylor Swift aliweza kutoka VMA	Agosti 27, 2016: Ikiwa ungekuwa unajiuliza ni nani mtu muhimu katika muziki - ni BEYONCE. Mwanzoni mwa wiki hii ilitangazwa kuwa Taylor Swift HAKUTA kufanya katika Tuzo za VMA za mwaka huu. Ell kulingana na ripoti alikuwa Beyonce ambaye alipigwa marufuku Taylor.	Fake
Celebrity	Mtarajiwa Kylie Jenner Ni mjumba wa 'kihisia' katika Kujificha, Chanzo Kifunua - 'Anahisi Ana peke Yake'	kofia mbaya zaidi ni kwamba msaada wake wa pekee, mama wa Krismasi Jenner hana wakati wa kushughulikia maigizo ya binti yake mdogo. Kulingana na ripoti mpya, msongo wa kulazimika kuendelea na ujauzito wake umekuwa ukimsumbua Kylie Jenner wa miaka 20.	Fake
Celebrity	Habari za Sh tano za giza: Jamie Dornan anafunua KWELI nyuma ya Dakota Johnson 'awkwardness'	Nyota wa nyota wa FIFTY SHADES Jamie Dornan amefunua uhusiano wake na nyota mwenza wa Dakota Johnson ni kama kweli - kukiri filamu ya kwanza ilikuwa kidogo upande wa bumpy.	Legit
Celebrity	"hoopi Goldberg New jeshi Rosie O'Donnell Katika Ar - Mvutano Juu ya ""Mtazamo,"" Kupambana Zaidi ya Mpangilio"	wiki chache tu hadi The View premieres iliyo na hoopi Goldberg na Rosie O'Donnell, RadarOnline.com imejifunza peke yake kuwa kwenye seti, sehemu hizo mbili tayari ziko tayari kwa nani atapata kiti cha msimamizi.	Fake
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson na Matawi ya FKA Chukua Cannes katika Dola Yake na ya Heri	Robert Pattinson na Matawi ya FKA mara chache hawafuati sheria za jadi za mitindo, na wakati wa jozi hiyo kugonga Cannes, walitoa karamu nyekundu wakati wa wanandoa wenye ujasiri. walipata Dior-her-her-Dior katika PREMIERE ya filamu ya hivi karibuni ya Pattinson, Wakati Wema, walionyesha pande mbili za chapa ya Ufaransa, na Pattinson, uso wa lebo, akienda vizuri kwenye suti nyeusi ya karatasi tatu na dapper Dior Homme nyeusi na Matawi akiamua ukaguzi katika vazi lililofunikwa na magazeti ya posta.	Legit
Celebrity	Chris Pratt na Anna Faris bila shaka wanaongeza Kidude cha Theatre	Chris Pratt na mtoto wa miaka minne wa Jack Faris, Jack, wanakua katika kile, kimsingi, darasa la maonyesho ya maigizo. hen Pratt alizungumza na Ellen DeGeneres kwenye maonyesho yake ya Ijumaa, alisema kwamba yeye na Faris, waigizaji wote wa kitaalam, huchukua uzazi, haswa wakati wa hadithi, kwa umakini mkubwa.	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie juu ya Cambodia 'kuamka'	"Angelina Jolie amezungumza juu ya jinsi Kambodia alivyokuwa ""kuamka"", wakati akihatarisha filamu yake mpya nchini."	Legit
Celebrity		Mimba mjamzito Kylie Jenner Anajitambua sana kuhusu Mwili wake Ubadilika, Chanzo cha Chanzo chasema	Fake
Celebrity	Tuzo za Mchana za Emmy za 2015: Betty hite, Ellen DeGeneres Wahusika zaidi	Inuka na uangaze wapenzi wa TV Ni wakati wa kusherehekea bora wakati wa mchana.	Legit
Celebrity	Laverne Cox na Rob Lowe wanapongeza Caitlyn Jenner kwa hotuba ya ESPYS	Watu mashuhuri ikiwa ni pamoja na LAVERNE COX, ROB LO E na SIMU ZA RUSSELL wamechukua kwa media ya kijamii kumpongeza CAITLYN JENNER kwa hotuba yake ya kukubalika kwa nguvu huko ESPYS usiku wa ednesday (15Jul15).	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Anapata Ziara ya kushangaza Kutoka kwa Hillary Clinton	Hivi karibuni, Hillary Clinton alimtembelea Malkia ... Bey, hiyo ni	Fake
Celebrity	"Leonardo DiCaprio Pia Alifurahiya Kuweka Hoteli ya ""Salvator Mundi,"" Milioni 100 da Vinci"	"Mtu anaweza kutarajia kupata Leonardo DiCaprio, Patti Smith, Alex Rodriguez, na Jennifer Lopez kwenye sherehe ile ile (sawa, wawili wa mwisho, labda), lakini wikendi hii, wote wanne walikuwa miongoni mwa waliokadiriwa kufikia 4 500 wa hakiki ya mnada kwenye Christie. Huko, walipata nafasi ya kupata macho kwenye ""Salvator Mundi,"" uchoraji wa Leonardo da Vinci hapo awali walidhani wamepotea ambayo inajazwa kama ""The Da da Vinci"" inayoongoza kwa mnada wake usiku wa leo."	Legit
Celebrity	Je, Tom Hiddleston's 'Inashangaza' mapenzi kuhusu Taylor Swift Amemgharimu kazi?	"Yikes, Tom Hiddleston na mapenzi ya Taylor Swift (showmance?) Sio kuwa na athari ambayo timu zao za PR zilikuwa zikitegemea, huku Tom akiripotiwa kupoteza mkataba mkubwa kutokana na onyesho la ""aibu""."	Fake
Celebrity	Mtu mpya wa Scarlett Johansson Amethibitisha kuwa Wanandana	Kutoka kwa wahariri wa HelloGiggles	Legit
Celebrity	Kathy Griffin anatabiri kazi imekwisha, anasema Trump 'alinivunja'	Kathy Griffin ambaye ni mwigaji aliyetawanyika alisema kuwa haogopi Donald Trump na mipango ya kuendelea kumdhihaki lakini alidharau kuwa anasikitikia video ambayo ilimwonyesha akiwa na sura ya rais aliyeachwa na damu.	Legit
Celebrity	Kurudisha kisasi Selena Gomez na Bloom ya Orlando Je, Inakua juu Ili Kumfanya Miranda Kerr Na Justin Bieber Wivu?	Wikiendi hii haikuwa mara ya kwanza kuona Selena Gomez na Orlando Bloom kwa pamoja, kwa hivyo unaweza kutuwalaumu kwa kudhani?	Fake
Celebrity	Kevin Hart na Eniko Parrish wakaribisha mtoto	Comedian alitoa habari Jumanne kwamba mkewe, Eniko Parrish, amezaa mtoto wao.	Legit
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson Mwishowe Amefanikiwa Sinema - Laana ya Jioni Zaidi? | Chafu chafu	"Robert Pattinson anafurahi kutokana na mafanikio ya filamu yake inayokuja, ""Wakati mzuri"". Filamu hiyo iliyoandaliwa katika Tamasha la Filamu la Cannes na sinema na muigizaji walipata msukumo wa kusimama kwa dakika sita. Kuna pia Oscar buzz amemzunguka Robert, huku wengine wakidhani anaweza kupokea uteuzi bora wa Mtaalam."	Fake
Celebrity	Jim Carrey Kwenye sayari nyingine Anafikiria Mgeni Aliyetawala Dunia	Comic Jim Carrey ni mfuasi wa lishe ya kula njama ya kooky ambaye anaamini spishi za mgeni zinaendesha ulimwengu hata wa lishe, nyota ya bubu na Dumba inapanga kwenda kwa umma na kujitolea kwake kwa nadharia ya ajabu ya David Icke	Fake
Celebrity	Mwongozo mkubwa wa mtindo wa Victoria Beckham: Posh Spice kuandika kitabu akiwaambia Brits jinsi ya mavazi	Posh amewekwa kutolewa kitabu mwaka ujao kuashiria miaka 10 katika biashara ya mitindo. Mbuni wa msichana aliyegeuzwa wa Spice anasemekana kuungana na mhariri wa Vogue wa Merika Anna intour. Wawili hao wamekuwa marafiki wa karibu katika miaka ya hivi karibuni, huku intour ikisema kuwa nguvu ya kuendesha nyuma ya mwongozo.	Fake
Celebrity	Mehgan James Azungumza juu ya Rumi za Rob Kardashian Za Kuchekesha	"Je! Rob Kardashian amepata boya mpya katika Bad Girls Club alum Mehgan James? Vyombo vya habari vilianza kuripoti wiki iliyopita kuwa Rob na Mehgan walikuwa katika ""hatua za mapema"" katika uhusiano wao, na mtu ambaye alikuwa ameingia ndani akimweleza In touch, ""Rob amekuwa akimuona Mehgan James kwa karibu miezi mitatu, na wengi wa Kardashians wanasikitika sana juu ya hilo kwa sababu Mehgan anajulikana kwa kuwa nje ya nguvu na tete. Wakardashi wanataka Rob apate mwanamke ambaye ni fadhili na utulivu. """	Legit
Celebrity	Je! Leonardo DiCaprio anapoteza hamu ya maisha ya upendo wakati wa msiba wa maisha ya watu wazima?	Jina la nyota ya Titanic hivi karibuni limetolewa na jarida na kudai kuwa nyota huyo mwenye umri wa miaka 43 anakuwa anti-kijamii siku kwa siku.	Fake
Celebrity	Kris Jenner Alimnyamaza Kimya Kimya Juu ya Mimba ya Kylie	Ikiwa haukujua tayari kuwa Kylie Jenner ni mjamzito, basi mimi niwe wa kwanza kukuambia: Kylie Jenner ni mjamzito	Legit
Celebrity	Sour Kumbuka Zayn Amelazimishwa Kuingia Kwenye Janga La Kutisha	RadarOnline.com imejifunza Zayn Malik na Shada za giza za Taylor Swift za Fifty giza zilitokea tu baada ya kulazimishwa kushirikiana na superstar.	Fake
Celebrity	Mapigano ya Brad Pitt ya Kutabasamu Katika hafla ya Hollywood Hile Custody vita ya kumsikia	Baada ya pambano refu la korti na mke wake wa zamani Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt alionekana akiwa na aura ya kupumzika na kutabasamu huko Malibu Jumamosi usiku.	Fake
Celebrity	"Julia Roberts na Danny Moder wanaweza Kuongozwa kwa Talaka: ""Shida Zinaendelea Kuongezeka"""	Sema sio hivyo	Fake
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner mchwa aachane na Ukoo wa Kardashian	Kendall Jenner yuko tayari kuendelea kutoka kwa familia yake maarufu In Touch amejifunza peke yake kwamba mtindo wa miaka 18 anataka kutoka kwa Kardashians kuendeleza kazi yake mwenyewe.	Fake
Celebrity	Jessica Simpson Aangaza Kitako chake kwa Siku ya kuzaliwa ya Eric Johnson: Pic	Chini ni zaidi ya Jessica Simpson akasherehekea siku ya kuzaliwa ya mumewe Eric Johnson miaka 38 kwa kushiriki zawadi ya ria kwa Instagram Jumapili, Septemba 17.	Legit
Celebrity	Kambi ya Melania inakataa ripoti ya eekly ya 'kitanda tofauti' cha Merika	Melania Trump ametoa agizo lake la mtendaji: Anakataa kushiriki kitanda na Donald Trump.	Legit
Celebrity	Mariah Carey katika mazungumzo ya The X Factor - ripoti	Mariah Carey yuko kwenye mazungumzo ya kujiunga na jalada la Hukumu la X Factor.	Legit
Celebrity	Chris Hemsworth's, Charlize Theron's watoto Alicheza Pamoja kwa 'Huntsman' Set	Mchezaji mwenza mzuri wa kushangaza Chris Hemsworth na Charlize Theron walifunua kwamba wote wawili walileta watoto wao kazini wakati walipokuwa wakiandaa filamu ya Huntsman: inter's ar, na ilibadilisha kabisa mienendo ya seti hiyo.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston: Mimi sio 'Mwanadamu wa kusikitisha, asiye na watoto'	Jennifer Aniston hana shaka kwamba mume Justin Theroux ndiye aliye kwake.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston anataka kuanzisha kituo cha ustawi	Jennifer Aniston anataka kufungua kituo cha ustawi katika siku zijazo. Nafasi ingekuwa nyumbani matibabu, kama vile cafe afya.	Legit
Celebrity	Maandishi ya Brad Pitt Jennifer Aniston nonstop: Anatafuta Msaada Mkubwa wa Kihemko Baada ya Talaka ya Angelina Jolie | Chafu chafu	"Brad Pitt na Jennifer Aniston wameripotiwa kupata mawasiliano tena kwa njia ya maandishi, ingawa vyanzo kutoka pande zote mbili zinajiangukia kufafanua kuwa ni ""maandishi tu"" na sio kitu chochote kikubwa zaidi."	Fake
Celebrity	kofia Cher Kweli Hula katika Siku ya Kukaa Kwa Kufaa Sana	Katika tuzo za Muziki wa Billboard, Cher alichukua hatua ya kupiga hits mbili zake kuu, na tulishangazwa na jinsi mpokeaji mzuri wa tuzo ya Billboard Icon anaonekana ana umri wa miaka 71.	Legit
Celebrity	Kate Middleton Prince illiam Jaribu Kuokoa Ndoa Kubaya?	Ikiwa ni kweli, uvumi unayo kwamba inaweza kuwa ni babu ya Prince illiamu ya Malkia Elizabeth. Imeripotiwa hapo awali kuwa hapendi njia za kawaida za Kate.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swilio kulia wakati wa Utendaji wa AMB Selena Gomez, Anapata Jicho Kubwa	"Taylor Swift alibubujikwa na machozi na utendaji wa kwanza wa Selena Gomez wa ""The Ants Moyo Ants""."	Legit
Celebrity	Prince illiam na Kate Middleton Kuhamia Kati ya Jumba la Kensington? | Chafu chafu	Prince illiam na Kate Middleton tayari wanafikiria juu ya kuhamia Jumba la Kensington. Hiyo ni kwa sababu illiamu hataki watoto wake Prince George na Princess Charlotte kukua nyuma ya kuta za ikulu. Badala yake, anawataka waishi maisha nje ya uangalizi na mbali na paparazzi iwezekanavyo.	Fake
Celebrity	"Brad Pitt ni ""Bado Anawasiliana"" na Ex Jennifer Aniston Kufuatia Talaka ya Angelina Jolie (REPORT)"	Ongea juu ya zawadi za marafiki	Fake
Celebrity	Hat's Kanye est's Hoja inayofuata?	Kuna kitu kinakosa. Je! Unaweza kuhisi? Twete kidogo katika ulimwengu, haraka na hila, lakini ishara dhahiri kwamba kitu katika ulimwengu kilibadilika. Ah, hii ndio nini - Kanye alifuta akaunti yake ya Twitter na Instagram.	Legit
Celebrity	Hapa kuna jinsi Kim Kardashian est, Kanye est, na North est Do eekend Sinema huko Mall	Kati ya safari kwenda Paris Fashion eek na Hke ya Ikea huko Uswidi, ests wamekuwa na wiki ya kazi. Lakini kama familia nyingi, wanapendelea kufanya wikendi karibu na nyumbani, na walitembelea duka lao huko Los Angeles jana, wakisimama na uwanja wa kujenga-A-Bear katika kuratibu mavazi.	Legit
Celebrity	Miranda Lambert anasherehekea Upendo wa Upendo kwa Mshindi wa Miaka 2 na Mchumba wa Anderson Mashariki	Miranda Lambert aliadhimisha kumbukumbu yake ya pili na Anderson Mashariki Jumanne kwa kushiriki snap tamu kwenye Instagram yake mwenyewe na beau lake la muziki wakishirikiana busu.	Legit
Celebrity	Vijana WANASEMA NICKI MINAJ NI 'JUU KUFANYA UPENDO, KUPATA PROPS': ATCH	Kupata sifa za juu kutoka kwa Nicki Minaj ni ndoto ya mtu yeyote, na msanii wa Kwanza wa Fuse Young MA ndiye aliyepata bahati wakati Minaj alipoingia kwenye kipindi cha redio cha Breakfast Club kuzungumza juu ya mchezeshaji Oktoba.	Legit
Celebrity	Huyu ndiye kofia Justin Bieber Alifanya badala ya kwenda kwenye Grammys	Licha ya kupata majina manne ya albamu yake Kusudi, Justin Bieber hakuwa na mipango ya kuhudhuria tuzo za Grammy mwaka huu. Badala ya kukaa nyumbani peke yake, hata hivyo, aliamua kwenda kwa Sushi, na aliwachukua mashabiki kwa safari ya hadithi yake ya Instagram. (Wasikilizaji wengine walimtwaa risasi chache za yeye akienda kwenye mgahawa na kuangalia kamili digrii ya digrii-360 ili kuona ni nini kuwa na chakula cha jioni na Justin.)	Legit
Celebrity	hat Jennifer Lopez Alifunuliwa tu na Ellen Kuhusu Kutana na Vijana wa Drake	"Jennifer Lopez alisimamishwa na ""Ellen DeGeneres Show,"" ambapo Ellen alimweka kwenye kiti moto kuuliza juu ya uhusiano wake na Drake na uvumi ambao anapenda uchumbiane na wanaume wachanga."	Legit
Celebrity	Gwen Stefani anarudi kwa 'Sauti,' lakini vipi kuhusu Miley Cyrus?	"Gwen Stefani yuko tayari kurudi kwenye kiti cha moto kwenye ""Sauti,"" lakini ni mwenyekiti gani anayetwaa?"	Legit
Celebrity	ild Rumor: Justin Bieber Alifuta safari yake ya Kusudi Kuanzisha Kanisa Lake mwenyewe	"Justin Bieber alishtua jamii ya Waumini ulimwenguni kote jana wakati ghafla akafuta mabaki ya safari yake ya Kusudi. Bieber alikuwa na maonyesho 14 ya kushoto, pamoja na kadhaa huko Amerika na Asia. Mpiga picha alimshika Wabie jana huko LA, na akaelezea alihitaji mapumziko baada ya miezi 16 ya kutembelea. ""Ndio, kila kitu kiko sawa, ndio"" alimwambia mtu kwenye kamera. ""Nimekuwa kwenye ziara ya miaka mbili. Ni [kunyoosha kwa muda mrefu], ndio. Ndio. [Ninatazamia] kupumzika, kupata mapumziko, nitaendesha baiskeli kadhaa."""	Legit
Celebrity	'Nilikuwa ninaumia sana': Brad Pitt anaongea juu ya mgawanyiko kutoka kwa Angelina Jolie	"Brad Pitt amefunguka kuwa alikuwa ""akiumwa sana"" na ameelezea jinsi alilala kwenye sakafu ya rafiki kwa wiki sita baada ya mgawanyiko wake kutoka kwa Angelina Jolie kwa sababu ilikuwa ""ya kusikitisha sana"" kurudi nyumbani."	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Akijaribu Kuiba Pesa za Kanye kupitia Mpango wa Ufahari wa Prenup?	Je! Kim Kardashian anajaribu kuiba pesa za Kanye est pamoja na umaarufu wake? Kulingana na ripoti mpya kutoka kwa Star, Kim anamshughulikia prenup yake kwa Kanye kama shughuli ya biashara, ambayo labda ni uamuzi wa busara. Wacha tuwe wakweli - ndoa hii itaendelea hadi lini? Miaka miwili? Miaka mitano? Tayari amepitia hii rodeo mara moja, na anajua kuwa mwishowe, ataishia kupata pesa za Kanye ikiwa atacheza kadi zake sawa. Swali la pekee ni - ni kiasi gani?	Fake
Celebrity	Je! Kupitishwa kwa Angelina Jolie bandia ya Maddox Jolie Pitt? Ndani ya Madai ya Mshtuko	Angelina Jolie ni maarufu kwa kupitisha watoto kutoka ulimwenguni kote, lakini je! Alipata mtoto wake wa kwanza, Maddox, kwa kutumia hati za uwongo? Baba wa kweli wa Kambodi wa Maddox amekuja na madai ya kushtua kwamba Jolie hana nguvu ya kisheria ya wakili juu ya umri wa miaka 15.	Fake
Celebrity	Katie Holmes na Jamie Foxx Wameonekana Wameacha Kitendo Chao cha Nyanja	"Kwa zaidi ya miaka minne, uvumi umemzunguka Katie Holmes, Jamie Foxx, na mapenzi yao dhahiri ya chini ya rada. Kwa jozi ya watu mashuhuri wameweza kuepusha kamera kwa miaka, ingawa katika mwaka uliopita walionekana kuwa wakifanya juhudi kidogo kujificha, hata walipoonekana Mei wakipanda ndege ya kibinafsi huko Paris, ambapo Foxx alikuwa akiandaa filamu Robin Hood. Wakati huo huo, tabloids zilidai kwamba wawili walikuwa ""tayari kufanya umma."""	Legit
Celebrity	Nyumba za Marehemu za Usiku Kujibu kwa Habari za PU za OJ Simpson	OJ Simpson alipewa msamaha Alhamisi, baada ya kutumikia kifungo cha karibu miaka tisa jela kwa wizi wa kutumia silaha na kushambuliwa kwa silaha, na TV ya marehemu usiku ilikuwa na mengi ya kusema juu yake.	Legit
Celebrity	Miley na Liam Kupambana? Uvumi wa uwongo Unaibuka kuwa wako kwenye uchujo juu ya ujazo uliowekwa	Je! Miley Cyrus na Liam Hemsworth wanapigania? Ripoti mpya inadai kwamba Cyrus na Hemsworth walikuwa na pambano kubwa juu ya ujawazito wao walipokuwa wakifanya mipango yao ya harusi.	Legit
Celebrity	Lady Gaga Atangaza Nyaraka za Netflix, Anaongea Madonna Feud	"Lady Gaga yuko tayari kufungua. Mwimbaji ""Joanne"" ana hati halisi inayoitwa Gaga: Miguu mitano ya Ofisi ya Netflix mnamo Septemba 22."	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian anashindwa kumpongeza Beyonce juu ya habari za mapacha wakati BFF Chrissy Teigen anaonekana kutukana tangazo la superstar	Nyota ya kweli haikujiunga na orodha ya nyota inayotangaza furaha yao juu ya habari njema ya Bey	Legit
Celebrity	Je Beyonce Alizaa Mapacha Wake? Madai mapya ya ripoti Yeye Alifanya tu	Je! Beyonce alikuwa na mapacha wake tu? Uvumi umekuwa ukiruka kwamba Malkia Bey alizaa mtoto wa kike wa kupendeza na msichana mzuri Jumamosi, Mei 20, kulingana na ripoti mpya ya kufurahisha	Fake
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie anawafungulia watu juu ya mwaka wake mgumu ':' Mimi ni Mdogo sana	Mengi yamebadilika kwa mwaka uliopita katika maisha ya Angelina Jolie, lakini jambo moja limebaki mara kwa mara - kujitolea kwake kwa watoto wake.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian: Nude Cookbook kwenye ay?	Sio kila mtu ni shabiki wa Kim Kardashian na / au vitabu anavyojifanya anaandika.	Fake
Celebrity	Keith Urban Wivu: Nicole Kidman Amkubali Alipokea HBO Ili kumtupia Alexander Skarsgard Kama Upendo Wake wa Upendo | Chafu chafu	Nicole Kidman anafafanua wazi kwamba alitaka sana Alexander Skarsgard kutupwa kama mumewe katika 'Ndogo za Uongo.' Nicole anaongoza kwenye safu mpya ya maigizo ya HBO pamoja na Reese itherspoon, Shailene oodley na Laura Dern. Kipindi hicho kinasimulia hadithi ya akina mama watatu ambao wanajaribu kuendelea baada ya janga ambalo karibu likaharibu maisha yao.	Fake
Celebrity	Je! Kendall, Kylie Jenner na Gigi, Bella Hadid waliongoza kwa mazungumzo mabaya?	Inaonekana kama kesi ya vita vya nduguze. Wawili wa watoto wa ndugu maarufu - Kendall, Kylie na Bella, Gigi - wameripotiwa kuwa katika hatihati ya udadisi mbaya.	Fake
Celebrity	Tayari Swift's 'Replication': Uvumi wote juu ya Joe Alwyn, Kanye est na Tom Hiddleston	Katika utangulizi wa majarida yake mawili ya Replication-themed, ambayo yana picha, ushairi na nyimbo zilizoandikwa kwa mikono kusherehekea kutolewa kwa albamu yake ya sita, Swift alilaani hadithi za habari ambazo haziepukiki ambazo zinadhani kwa malengo ya maneno yake.	Legit
Celebrity	"Katie Holmes na Jamie Foxx Wanatoka Kama Kitu, Baada ya ""Tom Cruise Ban"" Kuisha"	Sasa hapa kuna kitu cha kuruka juu na chini juu ya kitanda cha.	Fake
Celebrity	Tamaa ya Kate Middleton Kuokoa Prince illiam Ndoa: Haiwezi Kuachana na Njia Maisha ya Kifalme | Chafu chafu	Kate Middleton anaweza kuwa na hasira na mumewe Prince illiam kwa aibu familia yao na densi yake ya ajabu na kunywa wakati wa safari yake ya kuzunguka ski, na uvumi wote wa kudanganya, lakini hiyo haimaanishi kuwa atakuwa akimpa talaka wakati wowote hivi karibuni. Kwa kweli, Duke na Duchess ya Cambridge walijaribu kushawishi kila mtu kuwa bado wako wazimu katika mapenzi wakati wa safari yao kwenda Paris wikendi hii.	Fake
Celebrity	"ROSIE O FLEES CRAZY ""NYUMBANI IVES"" WAZIRI"	"Run ROSIE RUN - nyuma kabisa kwenye ""Maoni"" HY?"	Fake
Celebrity	Julia Roberts Cuddles Hadi Danny Moder Mbele ya Mechi yao ya 15 ya edding	Julia Roberts na mumewe Danny Moder walionekana kwenye safari ya kawaida huko Malibu, CA, Jumamosi alasiri. Wenzi hao, ambao wanaendelea na miaka 15 ya ndoa mnamo Julai, walijionesha kwa upendo wakati wanafunga mikono yao kila mmoja na Julia alionekana akinong'oneza kitu kwenye sikio la Danny. habari hatujawaona wanandoa wakiwa nje na karibu kwa pamoja tangu Novemba, Julia alifanya historia mnamo Aprili wakati aliitwa Oman wa Kupendeza Zaidi kwa mara ya tano. Ilifunuliwa pia mapema wiki hii kuwa Julia atarudi kwenye skrini kubwa katika muundo wa Crystal City Entertainment wa The Bookseller. Julia sio nyota tu katika filamu, lakini pia atatengeneza mradi huo kando na Lisa Gillan, Marisa Yeres Gill, Jonathan Rubenstein, na Ari Pinchot.	Legit
Celebrity	Diva ya Diva ya ndani ya siri ya Caitlyn Jenner Siri ya cyber Hookups	RadarOnline.com imejifunza peke yake kwamba Caitlyn Jenner anachunguza ujinsia wake mkondoni na amekuwa akifurahia safu ya siri za utulizaji wa siri kwenye mtandao.	Fake
Celebrity	Michelle Obama wazi kwa upasuaji wa plastiki, sindano za Botox	Kama mwanamke wa kwanza Michelle Obama anajiandaa kugeuza 50 mnamo Ijumaa, haitoi uamuzi kuwa kazi fulani itafanywa usoni mwake katika siku zijazo.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyoncé Anahudumia Upeo wa Tabasamu katika mkutano wa Serena illiams na Alexis Ohanian	"hen yeye anaona watu wawili ""Crazy katika Upendo,"" Beyoncé anaweza kusaidia lakini tabasamu."	Legit
Celebrity	Malia Obama Ana Barack Na Michelle orried - Je! Anaweza Kushughulikia Maisha peke yake katika jiji la New York?	Malia Obama, 18, anarekebisha maisha yake mapya nje ya Jumba la Nyumba na mabadiliko sio rahisi kushughulikia kwa wazazi wake maarufu - Rais wa zamani Barack Obama na Mwanadada wa Kwanza wa Rais, Michelle Obama.	Fake
Celebrity	Nyota nyingi Kuhesabu Msaada Simama hadi Saratani	Mizigo mingi ya nyota ilitoka kwa hafla ya Hollywood kusimama hadi Saratani huko LA Jumanne usiku. Mfadhili, ambayo ilishikiliwa na Reese itherspoon na mumeo, Jim Toth, walileta wenzi nzuri kama Diane Kruger na Joshua Jackson na Jessica Alba na Cash arren, na Selena Gomez, Drew Barrymore, na Gwyneth Paltrow. Gwyneth mwenyewe amekuwa msaidizi wa muda mrefu wa programu ya Stand Up to Cancer tangu baba yake, Bruce Paltrow, alikufa na saratani ya mapafu mnamo 2002.	Legit
Celebrity	Hapa kuna Jinsi Brad Pitt Anahisi Kuhusu Donald Trump kama Rais	Kama mtu wa kusini alizaliwa Oklahoma na kukulia huko Missouri, Brad Pitt anatoka mahali ambapo kwa kawaida watu wanamuunga mkono Donald Trump na wizi wake katika Uchaguzi wa Rais wa 2016.	Legit
Celebrity	Tyga Kufunua Ukweli wa Ugly juu ya Kylie Jenner na Kardashians katika Kitabu kipya cha Waambie, Wamiliki Watii	"Tyga na Kylie Jenner wameifanya kwa Splitsville, kulingana na E News, na inaonekana kama mambo yanaweza kuwa mabaya siku za usoni. Ingawa uhusiano huo unaripotiwa kumalizika, haionekani kama hizo mbili zimeisha kwa masharti ya kupendeza, na mambo yameanza kuwasha. Kulingana na Perez Hilton, Tyga anaripotiwa kupanga kupanga kitabu cha habari baada ya mapumziko yake makubwa na Kylie. Wako ndani karibu na rapper ya ""Make It Nast"" wameacha maelezo machache juu ya kitabu kijacho cha uvumi."	Fake
Celebrity	Kambi ya Taylor Swift inakanusha kwamba mwimbaji anaanzisha huduma yake ya utiririshaji	Chanzo karibu na Taylor Swift kimeripotiwa kukanusha maoni kwamba mwimbaji anastahili kuzindua huduma yake ya utangazaji.	Legit
Celebrity	Heidi Klum na Seal Kuwa na Rafiki ya Kuungana tena kwenye Tuzo za Muziki za Billboard 2016	Heidi Klum na Seal zilikuwa mfano wa maonyesho ya kirafiki kwenye usiku wa Jumapili ya Billboard Music Awar Jumapili.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber hujifurahisha mwenyewe baada ya kutoka na alama ya mvua	Ajali hufanyika, lakini nyota hii haina huruma juu yake.	Fake
Celebrity	Jane Fonda hakutaka kuzungumza juu ya upasuaji wa plastiki na Megyn Kelly	"Fonda alionekana na Robert Redford kwenye ""Megyn Kelly Leo"" kwenye edesnday kukuza filamu yao mpya, ""Nafsi zetu Usiku."" Lakini mahojiano yalichukua zamu dakika kidogo wakati Kelly aligeuza mazungumzo na hadithi hizo mbili kuwa mada ya uzee."	Legit
Celebrity	Halle Berry cheche uvumi wa ujauzito baada ya kuonyesha mapema kwa mtoto kwenye carpet nyekundu	Halle Berry, 50, amesababisha uvumi kuwa anatarajia mtoto wake wa tatu baada ya kujadili ni kitu gani kinachoonekana kama 'bonge la mtoto' kwenye carpet nyekundu kwenye Mpira wa Kipepeo wa Kifurushi cha 16 cha Chrysalis huko Los Angeles.	Fake
Celebrity	"Miley Cyrus anafikiria juu ya Kuvunja kwake Liam Hemsworth: ""Mimi kama kwenye Njia Iliyofaa"""	"Hivi karibuni Miley Cyrus amemwachisha single yake mpya, ""Malibu,"" ambayo imethibitishwa wazi na uhusiano wake uliorudiwa tena na Liam Hemsworth, na wakati wa mahojiano na SiriusXM's Hits 1 huko Hollywood mapema wiki hii, mwimbaji huyo wa miaka 24 alifunguka zaidi juu yake 2013 kugawanyika kutoka kwa Liam. ""Nadhani - ninajua - kwamba kila kitu kinatokea kwa sababu sahihi, na nilijua kuwa wakati hatuko pamoja kwa mara ya kwanza,"" Miley alisema juu ya ushauri ambao angempa mdogo wake. ""Sikujua kama huo ulikuwa mwisho wake, au ikiwa tutarudi pamoja tena, lakini nilijua kuwa kila mahali nilikuwa naenda, nilikuwa kwenye njia sahihi."""	Legit
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus na Liam Hemsworth Labda Alipata Siri-Kuolewa Aprili Mwisho	"Mnamo Septemba, Miley Cyrus aliambia The Sun Jumapili kwamba yeye na mchumba wake Liam Hemsworth hawakuwa na mipango ya harusi wakati wowote hivi karibuni. ""Sifikirii ndoa,"" aliiambia The Sun Jumapili. ""Nina miaka 24. Natarajia kuishi kidogo zaidi. Ninaishi sana kabla ya kuoana."" (Mama yake Tish Cyrus alisema ukweli huo wakati alipoulizwa juu ya kufafanuliwa kwa Miley-Liam mnamo Juni, pia.)"	Fake
Celebrity	Miongozo mpya ya Miongozo Moja: miradi ya solo inatuambia nini?	Asubuhi hii, Liam Payne ya Direction moja ilidondoka, imeshika kasi, ambayo inaweza kuelezewa kama kitu ambacho hakika kipo.	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner Marufuku Kutoka NBA Juu ya Laana ya Kardashian	Kendall Jenner anatarajia kumuona mtu wake mpya akicheza kortini msimu huu, lakini wakubwa wa NBA wanacheza mpira mgumu na modeli wa miaka 21 wa Leggy	Fake
Celebrity	Josh Duhamel alikuwa juu ya Fergie 'kuwa nyota mwamba tena'	"Josh Duhamel alikuwa amechoka na ""mke wake wa nyota"" wa Fergie ""kuagana"" kabla ya kutengana kwao, tunaambiwa."	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston Alidanganywa On Brad Pitt it Matt LeBlanc hile ndoa? - Ripoti	Brad Pitt, mwenye umri wa miaka 51, labda sio yeye tu aliye na macho ya kuteleza wakati wa ndoa yake na Jennifer Aniston, 46. Mahojiano mapya ya kulipuka na baba wa Matt LeBlanc, Paul LeBlanc, yanaonyesha kwamba mwigizaji huyo alimdanganya mwenzake wa wakati huo nae Marafiki wa zamani-nyota kabla Brad hajakutana na Angelina Jolie, 40, kwenye seti ya Mr. na Bibi Smith	Fake
Celebrity	Siri ya Angalia Ellen DeGeneres	"Msanii wa Makeup Pati Dubroff ameshirikiana na Ellen DeGeneres kwenye kampeni za matangazo na mitindo ya kueneza mitindo, kwa hivyo alijua ni dhahiri sura gani itafanya kazi vizuri kwa mwenyeji wa kipindi cha show ya Shape Mei bima ya asili na inakumbukwa na rangi tu. Alitumia sifongo nyepesi nyepesi ili kumaliza ngozi ya mfano wetu kwa kugusa tu ya CoverGirl Concealer na Corrector asiye na umri. ""Ngozi ya Ellen tayari ina mwanga wa asili, kwa hivyo haitaji mapambo mengi,"" anasema Pati. Sio sote tuliobarikiwa na ngozi kama ya ujana, lakini unaweza kupata uboreshaji wa kushangaza kama wa Ellen na vidokezo hivi vya kupambana na uzee kutoka kwa pro pro:"	Legit
Celebrity	Anna Faris Anahisi Kuwa Msiba Kwa sababu ya Ushirika wa Mumewe na Jennifer Lawrence Je, Chris Pratt Analaumiwa? - Uvumi wa moja kwa moja	Jennifer Lawrence, ambaye ni moyo wa mamilioni ya wavulana, hivi karibuni aliwashangaza mashabiki wake wote. ell haikuwapo kwenye sinema, lakini kutoka kwa habari; badala yake tunasema uvumi kuwa na uhusiano na Chris Pratt. Mawazo ya sisi wengi hukomesha kwa sababu ya maelezo haya ya juu ya madai, lakini baadaye wote wawili walikataliwa kabisa. Kama chaguo la Jennifer, amechagua kuwa single kwa sasa; wakati Chris tayari amefungwa na Anna Faris. Faris anahisi kutokuwa na usalama kwa sababu ya habari hizi bandia zinazowasha tabloids juu ya upendo kati ya mumewe Chris na Jennifer. ell, ni kweli au sivyo, tutaifunika katika nakala hii	Fake
Celebrity	Drake Aalika Taylor Swift Kukaa Katika Nyumba Yake Baada Ya Kushtushwa Kwa Ajali	"""Taylor [Swift] akiwa ameshapangwa na kuteleza juu ya hali hiyo haokaa vizuri kwa Drake. Ana joto sana kuwa ana chakula cha mchana anaingia kwenye nafasi yake ya kibinafsi, na akamwambia atatuma wavulana wake wachache kutunza macho yake na kuwa walinzi wake. Kwa kweli amekuwa akimfariji Yeye anamwambia kila kitu kitaenda sawa na anataka kuhakikisha kuwa anahisi salama na yuko nje hadharani."	Fake
Celebrity	Ni juu ya Jennifer Lawrence Darren Aronofsky's Moto Fling Cools ALREADY	Jennifer Lawrence na Darren Aronofsky tayari wameanza baridi na kuchukua mapumziko kutoka kwa mapenzi yao makali, RadarOnline.com inaweza kufunua peke yake.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian anaonyesha kupoteza nywele kwa kushangaza baada ya 'kutegemea magugu'	Mashabiki wa kushoto wamebaki kijani na wivu shukrani kwa kupoteza kwake uzito wa baada ya uja uzito.	Fake
Celebrity	Prince Harry anahamia Amerika kupata Tuta	Prince Harry anasonga katika bwawa - na ana mipango mikubwa ya kupata mke huko Merika	Fake
Celebrity		Kanye est Alimkasirisha Taylor Swift Marejeleo wa Wizi wa Kim Kardashian Katika Video ya Muziki	Fake
Celebrity	rad Pitt anahudhuria tamasha la hisani na Sting kwa sura ya nadra ya umma kufuatia mgawanyiko kutoka kwa Angelina Jolie	Brad Pitt aliwekwa tena uwanjani Jumamosi baada ya kuweka hadhi ndogo kwa miezi kufuatia mgawanyiko wake kutoka kwa Angelina Jolie.	Legit
Celebrity	"Upande wa Hadithi ya Brad Pitt: Yeye 'Hajapiga' Maddox kama Pigano la Ndege na Angelina Jolie 'Alishindwa na Nguvu, ""Chanzo Chanzo cha Habari"	Brad Pitt hakugombana na mtoto wake Maddox wakati wa mabishano ya moto wa katikati ya ndege na Angelina Jolie wiki iliyopita, kulingana na chanzo na ufahamu wa hali hiyo.	Legit
Celebrity	Taylor Swift Matumizi ya Mamilioni ya Dollars juu ya Mpenzi Mpya, Joe Alwyn: Habari za Uongo au Kweli? | Chafu chafu	Mshirikina wa pop Taylor Swift anunua mchumba mpya Joe Alwyn na kupora mamilioni ya dola kwenye mpenzi wake kulingana na ripoti kadhaa. Taylor daima imekuwa mpokeaji mkubwa wa pesa katika mahusiano yake yote. Ijapokuwa wenzi wa zamani kama Jake Gyllenhaal, John Mayer, Tom Hiddleston, na Calvin Harris walikuwa mamilionea, akaunti zao za benki bado zililinganishwa na hesabu ya Taylor inayokadiriwa kuwa na thamani ya milioni 300.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lawrence 'akavua nguo uchi na kumtaka Kanye est akampamba' baada ya kunywa martinis tano kwenye nyumba ya Kris Jenner	Jennifer Lawrence aliishia uchi katika wodi ya Kris Jenner baada ya kuangusha martinis tano.	Fake
Celebrity	Samahani ASAP Rocky, Kendall Jenner Ana Mpango wa Tamaa kwa Kurudisha Mitindo ya Harry	Kendall Jenner ni mchumba rapper ASAP Rocky, lakini kwa mujibu wa chanzo, ameandaa mpango wa kumrudisha zamani wake, Harry Mitindo yote anayopaswa kufanya ni kile anachofanya bora - tuma nud	Fake
Celebrity	Kirsten Dunst ghafla huvunja machozi katika sherehe ya Filamu ya Cannes	Alipata kutambuliwa ulimwenguni kwa jukumu lake katika Mahojiano na The Vampire akiwa na umri wa miaka 12, kwa hivyo yeye sio mgeni kuamuru umakini juu ya carpet nyekundu.	Fake
Celebrity	Glenn Karibu anakanusha kwamba alifunga Meryl Streep kucheza na Hillary Clinton	Sahau kile ulichosikia: Glenn Karibu hajaweka Meryl Streep kucheza na Hillary Clinton katika sinema inayokuja kuhusu maisha ya Katibu wa zamani wa Rais na matumaini ya rais.	Legit
Celebrity	DALILI YA AMALI NI DALILI ZA KIUME MUHIMU KATIKA LONDON	Utasamehewa kwa kufikiria mwanamke mwenye nguvu zaidi katika London anaweza kuwa Taji za Cambridge, au hata supermodel Kate Moss. Kwa kweli, ni bibi mpya wa George Clooney ambaye amechukua nafasi ya juu.	Legit
Celebrity	Mfano wa Ndoto? Khloe mchwa ili kumkubali binti wa Rob	Khloe Kardashian ameunda uhusiano mkubwa na Ndoto yake, amewaambia kaka yake Rob anataka kumchukua, RadarOnline.com amejifunza peke yake.	Fake
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner: hy Anaacha 'KU TK' Lakini Anabaki Fahari ya onyesho la mbali la Kylie	Kendall Jenner anaendelea kujitenga na jukwaa la kweli la show ambalo lilifanya familia yake kuwa na jina la kaya, na vyanzo vikisisitiza kwamba mfano huo unataka kuwa na kazi halali.	Fake
Celebrity	Daktari wa upasuaji wa Plaza ya Kylie Jenner Ana ujumbe Kuhusu Filamu zake	ficha mtandao unatafuta dalili juu ya uwezekano wa uja uzito wa Kylie Jenner (pamoja na ujauzito wa Khloé Kardashian na ujauzito uliothibitishwa wa Kim Kardashian), angalau mtu mmoja amejiuliza, ni nini kuhusu wahusika maarufu wa filamu maarufu kama mdomo?	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner kulia juu ya utangazaji wa matangazo ya Pepsi katika 'Kuweka Up kwa mkutano wa Kardashians'	Unakumbuka biashara ya viziwi ya Pepsi ya Kendall Jenner mnamo Aprili? Ile iliyowakasirisha watu, kwa sababu iliagiza picha kutoka kwa Maandamano Matusi ya kuuza Soda?	Legit
Celebrity	Eeknd kama Mikono ya kushikilia iliyotengwa kwa Justin Bieber's Ex	Ikiwa wewe ni msomaji dhabiti wa Amerika, inaweza kuonekana kuwa kuna watu kadhaa tu huko Hollywood, kwani wote wanauana. Ni kama digrii sita za kujitenga na Kevin Bacon, tu kwa watendaji walio na senti kwa chai inayofaa na wakufunzi wa kiuno, ambapo Scott Disick ndio sababu ya kuunganisha.	Fake
Celebrity	Victoria Beckham na Anna intour kati ya wale waliotajwa kwenye orodha ya Waheshimiwa Mwaka Mpya	Kiongozi wa tenisi wa ulimwengu wa kwanza Andy Murray amekabidhiwa ukuu katika orodha ya Waheshimu wa Mwaka Mpya wa Malkia - kumfanya kuwa Mdogo wa Sir katika nyakati za kisasa - pamoja na mwanariadha Mo Farah na mpanda farasi wa kuanza mazoezi Lee Lee Pearson. Heptathlete Jessica Ennis-Hill na mpanda farasi Katherine Grainger wametajwa majina.	Legit
Celebrity	Huyu ni hy Taylor Swift Anaruka Tuzo za Muziki za Video za MTV za 2016	Kuna nafasi tupu katika chati ya viti vya VMAs mwaka huu, mtoto. Taylor Swift hatakuhudhuria Tuzo za Muziki za Video za MTV Jumapili, Agosti 28, vyanzo vingi vinathibitisha kwa sisi kwa kweli.	Legit
Celebrity	"Obama Anasema Kuacha Malia Kwenye Chuo kama ""Kama upasuaji wa moyo-wazi"""	Baada ya Malia Obama kwenda Chuo Kikuu cha Harvard mwezi uliopita, baba yake hakuweza kuzuia machozi.	Legit
Celebrity	'Wivu' Kim Anajaribu Kuiba Uangalizi wa Mtoto wa Beyonce	habari Bey Hive ilikuwa buzzz jana juu ya habari ya mtoto wa Beyonce, RadarOnline.com imejifunza kuwa Kim Kardashian alikuwa busy na mpango wake mwenyewe wa kuiba nyuma uangalizi	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez na Alex Rodriguez wanauana, na uvumi unakuja kwa moto	Jennifer Lopez na shujaa wa hivi karibuni wa shujaa wa baseball Alex Rodriguez wanauana, kulingana na ripoti ambazo zimekuwa zikiongezeka wiki nzima.	Legit
Celebrity		Ndani ya Ben Affleck na likizo ya Familia ya Jennifer Garner's kule Bahamas, Miezi Mili Baada ya Kuweka Faida kwa Talaka.	Legit
Celebrity	Kathy Griffin anahisi 'kusalitiwa' na Anderson Cooper baada ya kufwatua CNN	hathy Kathy Griffin anaendelea na harakati zake za huruma baada ya kudhoofisha dhoruba ya kukosoa kwa picha yake ya kutisha ya Trump, vyanzo vinasema kwamba yeye ni jinsi Anderson Cooper alivyoachana naye kutoka kwenye matangazo yake ya Mwaka Mpya wa CNN kama viazi moto.	Fake
Celebrity		Inga inamwonya Angelina dhidi ya kutumia miiba ya kumrudisha nyuma Brad	Fake
Celebrity	KIJINSI: HIYO ILLAMU, KATE, NA GEORGE ZILIVYOBORA KWA ATHARI YA MWEZI-MUDA	Wametumia siku mbili za mwisho kuunga mkono Great Britain kwenye Michezo ya Jumuiya ya Madola huko Glasgow, lakini __ illiam__and __Kate__can wanatarajia kutarajia mwezi mzuri mnamo Agosti.	Legit
Celebrity	Memoir wa Caitlyn Jenner Ameripotiwa Kukabidhiwa Sinema za Ardhi, Rob Lowe Anaweza Kumchezea	"Ripoti zinasema kuwa muigizaji wa 'Jinsi ya kuwa Mpenzi wa Kilatini' kwa sasa yuko kwenye mazungumzo ya kucheza onyesho la kweli kwenye sinema inayowezekana kulingana na wimbo wake mpya wa ""Siri za Maisha yangu '."	Fake
Celebrity	Je, Jared Leto, 45, anamponda Paris mwenye umri wa miaka 19?	"Jared Leto ana jicho lake kwa jambo jipya: Paris mwenye umri wa miaka 19 Paris duo alivuka njia kwenye sherehe ya Harper's Bazaar Icons huko NYC mnamo Septemba 8, ambapo muigizaji, 45, ""hakika alikuwa akimcheza, ""Anasema mtu wa ndani. ""Alikuwa akitazama macho yake moja kwa moja wakati alikuwa anaongea na walikuwa wamesimama karibu sana. Waliongea kwa muda mrefu na alikuwa akicheka sana. "" Bado, mshindi wa Oscar aliibuka, kwani mwishowe Paris aliondoka kuwa na marafiki zake - ingawa sio kabla ya Jared snuck katika busu kwenye shavu lake Kuongeza ndani: ""Ilikuwa dhahiri kwamba alikuwa mtu bora kwa yeye, tofauti za umri zinahukumiwa."""	Fake
Celebrity	"""Kuogopa sana kulipuka 'kama Kim Kardashian' Kama Kanye atakimbia Rais: Yeye ni"" Mzito Sana """	"""Kanye [est] anaongea zaidi na zaidi juu ya kujiingiza katika siasa, lakini Kim [Kardashian] anasita sana kwa yeye kuendelea na njia hiyo. Ana wasiwasi sana juu ya aina ya chuki ambayo ingezingatia yeye na familia yao ikiwa kabla ya wizi, hakuwa na hofu, lakini sasa anaishi kwa hofu ya kawaida. Kama Kanye atagombea urais, hofu hizo zitalipuka, ""chanzo kiliambia HollywoodLife.com KIASI ZAIDI."	Fake
Celebrity	atch mshangao mzuri wa Barack Obama kwa Michelle kwenye miaka yao ya 25	Tayari anafahamika kwa ujumbe wake mtamu kwa mkewe siku za kuzaliwa na likizo, Barack Obama alienda kubwa kwa sherehe yake ya 25 ya harusi na Michelle Jumanne.	Legit
Celebrity	"Timu ya Mafuta ya Kim Kardashian Ili Kumsaidia Kuwa Zaidi ya ""Siasa"" - ""Nitazungumza Zaidi juu ya Maswala ya Siasa '"	Nyota ya TV ya ukweli anayeshindana na kweli anataka kubadilisha sifa yake. nimejifunza kuwa Kim Kardashian anataka kuwa na picha zaidi ya kisiasa na tayari anafanya hatua chache za kwanza katika mwelekeo huo.	Fake
Celebrity	PICS ZA KIZAZI: Picha za kwanza za Ariana Grande tangu shambulio la Manchester	Ariana Grande wa kihemko alionekana kwa mara ya kwanza tangu shambulio la kigaidi kwenye tamasha lake la Manchester Jumatatu alipogusa katika mji wake wa Boca Raton, Florida.	Fake
Celebrity	'Ilikuwa ni muda mrefu kuja': Heidi Klum anamaliza ndoa ya miaka saba juu ya hasira ya Seal 'hasira'	"Seal na Heidi Klum walisisitiza mgawanyiko wao ulikuwa wa ""huruma"" jana licha ya ripoti kwamba supermodel hawawezi tena kuvumilia na busu kutoka kwa hasira ya volka ya mwimbaji wa Rose."	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston juu ya Maonyesho ya Sawa Hayo Alikuwa nayo Na Uvumi wa ujauzito	"Mnamo Julai, Jennifer Aniston alizungumza kwa nguvu dhidi ya uvumi wa mara kwa mara wa ujauzito kuhusu yeye ambaye amezunguka kwa miaka yote, katika kipindi cha Huffington Post. ""Kwa rekodi, mimi si mjamzito,"" aliandika ndani yake. ""Kofia nimechoshwa. Nimechoshwa na uchunguliaji-kama mchezo na mazoezi ya mwili ambayo hufanyika kila siku chini ya habari ya 'uandishi wa habari,' 'Marekebisho ya Kwanza,' na 'habari za watu mashuhuri.'"""	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian est anathibitisha mtoto njiani	"Kim Kardashian aligundua video Alhamisi kutoka kwa msimu mpya wa mfululizo wa familia yake ""Kuweka Kardashians."""	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez Na Jennifer Aniston Tarehe Mbili: Maoni ya Jen Kuhusu eeknd ere Uwongo	Selena Gomez hivi sasa ni mchumba. Rafiki yake mkubwa Jennifer Aniston anamuunga mkono lakini uhusiano wao wakati mwingine huwalenga na watalaamu wa uvumi.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Jay-Z Kuajiri Timu ya zamani ya Huduma ya Siri ya Rais Obama	Wana shida 99, lakini usalama sio moja Beyoncé na Jay-Z waliuliza maelezo ya huduma ya siri ya Rais wa zamani Barack Obama kusaidia kulinda familia yao baada ya kuwakaribisha mapacha Rumi na Sir mwezi uliopita.	Fake
Celebrity	'Megyn Kelly Leo' Viwango Sio Jua Zote kwa mwenyeji mpya wa NBC	"mwenyeji wake ameripotiwa kupata mshahara wa milioni 17 kwa mwaka na seti mpya imejengwa ndani ya makao makuu ya RBC ya Rockefeller Plaza huko Midtown Manhattan, ""Megyn Kelly Leo"" ni ghali zaidi kuliko sehemu ya 9 asubuhi ya ""Leo."" Kupoteza watazamaji, mwishowe, itakuwa shida."	Legit
Celebrity	Cher: Tayari Kufa	Kupiga hakuendelea tena kwa CHER.	Fake
Celebrity		Taylor Swift anaonekana kuwa uchi katika video mpya ya muziki	Legit
Celebrity	Ndani ya Rob K. Mehgan James 'Romance: hy Fam Yake' 'haikubali' '	HABARI: Wakati ripoti mpya zinaendelea kusema juu ya uhusiano wa Rob Kardashian na Mehgan James, wote walichukua vyombo vya habari vya kijamii kuzingatia suala hilo.	Fake
Celebrity	Katie Holmes juu ya kurudisha jukumu lake kama Jacqueline Kennedy	"Katie Holmes anarudisha jukumu lake kama Jacqueline Kennedy kwa safu mpya ya mini, ""The Kennedys: After Camelot."""	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez na eeknd wanashikilia Mikono kwa Kisa cha Kimapenzi huko Argentina	Haikuwa siku ya upweke kwa yule eeknd.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber inaonekana aliandika 'Upendo wa Bibilia' juu ya Selena Gomez, na ni tamu lakini mzuri	Kumekuwa na ripoti nyingi za Justin Bieber kutumia wakati kanisani katika miezi michache iliyopita, lakini kile ambacho hatukugundua haikuwa kanisa lolote la zamani alilokuwa akitembelea - ilikuwa kanisa la uhusiano wa zamani.	Fake
Celebrity	"hat Taylor Swift na Urafiki wa ""kawaida sana"" wa Joe ni kama"	"Taylor Swift na Joe Alwyn hivi sasa wanafanya jambo la uhusiano wa kibinafsi: hawajajitokeza hadharani pamoja na njia pekee ambayo Swift amezungumza juu ya mchumba wake wa Uingereza wa karibu mwaka ni kwa wimbo (""… Ready for it?"" Na "" Mzuri, ""kulingana na mashabiki). Lakini Sisi kwa kweli tuna ripoti ya jinsi mambo yanavyokwenda kwa siku hizi mbili. Alwyn na Swift ""wanapenda sana,"" chanzo kililiambia kituo hicho."	Legit
Celebrity	Exclusive: Lindsay Lohan Mipango ya kuhamia Urusi Baada ya edding yake kwa Egor Tarabasov huku kukiwa na wazazi wake juu ya sherehe hiyo	Wakati mipango ya harusi yake ya nuptials yake kwa Egor Tarabasov ikiendelea kuimarika, mtu wa ndani ameonyesha kwa OKMagazine.com kwamba Lindsay Lohan anaweza kuwa anafanya harakati kubwa kufuatia sherehe hiyo	Fake
Celebrity	'Kucheza kwa Nyota': Donald Trump Aliulizwa Kuangazia Star Hajasema Hapana	kofia heck? Donald Trump anaonekana kuwa busy sana kwenye uchaguzi wa kampeni, lakini amealikwa kuchukua muda ili kujaribu mkono wake (au miguu?) Kwa kucheza Inavyoonekana Ukicheza na Stars amemtaka Donald ajiunge na Msimu wa 23	Fake
Celebrity	kofia Nicki Minaj alivaa harusi ya Serena illiams sio sawa kabisa ... akienda kwenye mavazi meupe ya ngozi na sehemu ya juu ya mazao ni nzuri sana.		Fake
Celebrity	"Caitlyn Jenner na OJ Simpson wamewekwa kwenye kuungana tena kwenye TV: ""Ingekuwa inafurahisha"" (KIASILI)"	Ni ngumu kupata hisia nzuri zaidi kuliko hii: kipindi cha runinga cha TV kinachoongoza mtu mashuhuri wa mauaji maarufu duniani na mtuhumiwa wa mauaji maarufu duniani - haswa wakati wote wana uhusiano na Mtindo wa Maisha ya Kardashians wamejifunza peke yake kuwa watengenezaji wa TV wamekuja na wazo la kumleta OJ Simpson na pal wake wa zamani Caitlyn Jenner katika mkutano wa televisheni.	Fake
Celebrity	Melania Trump 'atamuvaa Ralph Lauren kwenye uzinduzi wa mumewe'	Ralph Lauren ndiye mtangulizi wa hivi karibuni katika mbio za kubuni mavazi ya uzinduzi wa Melania Trump, sikio la omen Habari za kila siku Jumanne ziliripoti.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce ameenda rasmi kwa njia zaidi ya Mpango wake wa Utoaji wa CRAZY Hapa anahitaji	"Hakuna kukana kuwa Beyonce ni moja wapo ya diva kubwa zaidi ya Hollywood lakini vyanzo vipya vinapendekeza madai yake yapate hata ujangili. Kwa kutarajia kuwasili kwa mapacha wao mpendwa, mwimbaji na mumewe Jay-Z wamepanga mpango wa kujifungua hivyo wazimu utafikiria wao ni wa kifalme. Juu ya ripoti kwamba wanandoa maarufu wamehamia katika eneo la kukodisha karibu na hospitali ya Cedars-Sinai ya Los Angeles, ambapo Bey anatarajiwa kuzaa, wenyeji wanaiambia gazeti la Heat kwamba ""hafla hiyo haitagharimu. extravaganza. "" Bonyeza kupitia kupata scoop ndani ya mipango ya chumba cha kujifungua cha Beyonce, na jinsi binti ya wanandoa, Blue Ivy, watakuwa na jukumu la kipekee katika mchakato huu."	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez na Chama cha Orlando Bloom Pamoja kwenye sherehe yake ya 39 ya kuzaliwa	Selena Gomez na Orlando Bloom wanafurahiya kampuni ya kila mmoja tena.	Legit
Celebrity	Jamie Foxx na Katie Holmes Hit New York Fashion eek	Jamie Foxxand Katie Holmes ameshika Apple Kubwa.	Legit
Celebrity	Benki za Tyra Ziliuzwa kwa Kusababisha 'Mateso ya kihemko' Wakati wa 'Kuipa Vipaji vya Amerika'	"* Mshindani juu ya ""Zawadi ya Amerika ya kupata"" Amerika anasema utendaji wake wakati wa kugonga hivi karibuni ulichomwa sana na Benki mpya ya mwenyeji wa Tyra hivi kwamba imesababisha mhemko wa kihemko kwa binti yake mchanga, ambaye alikuwa akitazama kutoka mbawa."	Fake
Celebrity	"ho ni Mark Billham? Walinzi wa Mwili Anadai ""Alisha"" Watoto wa Brangelina"	"Tangu habari ya Brad Pitt na mgawanyiko wa Angelina Jolie, wengi wamejiuliza ni nini kitatokea kwa watoto hao sita. mgonjwa anakaa na mama, au baba, au mchanganyiko wa hizo mbili? Au mtu wa tatu anaweza kuwa na haki za uzazi pia? Ingiza Mark Billham, walinda nyota wa nyota. Billham alisema kimsingi ""amezaa"" watoto, kulingana na sisi eekly."	Legit
Celebrity	Kuogopa Kujiua Mpya Kwa Owen ilson Baada ya Kifo cha baba	Kifo cha baba mpendwa wa Owen ilson kina marafiki wanaogopa muigizaji aliyeteswa huweza kurudi tena kwenye shimo la unyogovu	Fake
Celebrity	Brad PITT: Hakuna shaka, TRUMP mgonjwa kuwa Rais Bora Katika Historia ya Amerika. Je! Unamuunga mkono? ⋆	"Brad Pitt kama Aliyealikwa Hivi leo aonyeshe Asubuhi hii na Baada ya Mwandishi wa Habari Kukosoa Kwa Trump Anasema Hii Iamuru: Hakuna shaka, Trump atakuwa Rais Mzuri kabisa Katika Historia ya Amerika Na Wewe mgonjwa Hivi Hivi Punde. Dhidi ya Waandishi wa Habari Na Kila Mtu Alibaki Mkali. Je! Unasaidia Brad? ""Tunahitaji kazi zaidi na zaidi. Ukosefu wa ajira iko hapa, ""alisema. Ameajiri wafanyikazi zaidi, watu zaidi, kuliko mtu yeyote ninayemjua ulimwenguni."	Fake
Celebrity	Je! Angelina Jolie Nemesis Chelsea Handler Anakaribia Kukaribia Brad Pitt Baada ya Kugawanyika Moyo?	e sikuona hii inakuja. Adui wa mbaya zaidi wa Hollywoodina, Hollywood Handler, anaweza kuwa karibu sana na mpenzi wa zamani wa Brad Pitt, kulingana na ripoti mpya. Ouch	Fake
Celebrity		Angelina Jolie Amkumbatia Mkewe wa ndani, na Mama-Mkwe	Legit
Celebrity		Justin Bieber hubeba bibilia wakati akichapa nguo za tenisi za prepy	Legit
Celebrity	Siri ya jinsi Kendall Met Hadids Imetatuliwa	Sio muda mrefu sana uliopita Kendall Jenner na Gigi Hadid walikuwa wasichana wawili tu, wasio na uhusiano ambao mara kwa mara walionyeshwa kwenye kipindi cha Runinga cha familia yao. Basi dunia ilishangazwa na ghafla wote walikuwa wakijipiga supermodels na super nguvu. Basi dunia ilishangaza tena na walikuwa kweli supermodel BFFs. Blink mwingine na dada zao, Kylie na Bella, pia walikuwa na ushawishi mkubwa wa kuigwa na mifano kwa haki yao wenyewe.	Legit
Celebrity	Ndoa ya Barack Michelle Obama Kuangusha - Jinsi Inagharimu mamilioni ya Walipa Kodi	Barack Obama na mkewe Michelle bado wanaendelea kutengana na nguvu ya Rais. Sasa inawagharimu mamilioni ya walipa kodi Ndoa yenye uchungu inaamua kuangukia baada ya kupata urais. Sasa inagharimu mamilioni ya walipa kodi ENPLIRER ya Kitaifa imeona rekodi za kipekee zilizopatikana na walinzi wa serikali wa Atchi ya jaji - ikifafanua kwamba wenzi hao wanaogopa walichukua ndege tofauti za kibinafsi kwenda Hawaii kwa likizo ya Krismasi.	Fake
Celebrity	Kylie Jenner Aweka Rekodi Moja kwa Moja Kuhusu Ripoti Tyga Owes Milioni Zake mbili	Kutetea wake wa zamani. Kylie Jenner alichukua mtandao wa Twitter Ijumaa, Mei 27, kushughulikia ripoti kwamba mpenzi wake wa zamani Tyga anadaiwa milioni mbili.	Legit
Celebrity	Mitindo Moja ya Maelekezi ya Harry Inafurahisha Likizo ya Skiing kwa Kendall Jenner Pamoja na Madai ya Romance	Nyota ya 'Best Song ever' na Kendall walionekana wakiwa wamebeba skiing na gia za baiskeli pamoja mwishoni mwa wiki.	Legit
Celebrity	Hapa kuna kofia Ilifanyika hen Kim Kardashian Mwishowe Alifunua kitambulisho chake kwa surrogate yake	Kim pia alielezea katika mahojiano kwa nini hakualika yule anayemwachika mwanaume huyo kuoga. (Lazima aeleze watoto wake kwanza.) Kwa ujumla, inasikika kama Kim na mshirika wake ana uhusiano thabiti.	Legit
Celebrity	Khloe Kardashian anapiga kofia ambao wamekuwa wakimkanyaga tangu OJ Simpson apewe msamaha	Khloe Kardashian hana wakati wa wapinzani.	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5056567/Jennifer-Lopez-ices-cozy-star-Milo-Ventimiglia.html	Jennifer Lopez anapatikana na mpenzi wa skirini Milo Ventimiglia	Fake
Celebrity	Leonardo DiCaprio anafurahiya Usiku wa Tarehe kuingiza Kate Kwa Siku yake ya Kuzaliwa - Tazama picha	Leonardo DiCaprio alishirikiana na nyota yake mashuhuri zaidi, Kate kuingiza, Ijumaa usiku, siku moja tu kabla ya siku yake ya kuzaliwa ya 43 Jumamosi. Wawili hao walitumia zaidi ya masaa mawili kwa pamoja katika mgahawa wa Santa Monica Giorgio Baldi, baada ya hapo walihamishwa nje na usalama na wakaingia kwenye gari moja pamoja. Bonyeza kupitia kuona picha za usiku wao wa karibu	Fake
Celebrity	Wanyanyapaa wa pop wanadai Justin Bieber kufutwa kwa safari ya muda mrefu kama yeye kufikiria kuanza kanisa lake	"Wengine wa POP wanadai kuwa Justin Bieber anaweza kufutwa kwa safari yake ya sasa ili aanze CHURCH chake mwenyewe. Bieber alishtua mamilioni ya mashabiki jana wakati alifunua kwamba alikuwa akitangaza safari ya Kusudi miezi kabla kabla ya kumalizika kwani ""aliteketezwa."" Canadian amefunua anataka kurudi kwenye mizizi yake ya kidini"	Fake
Celebrity	Kim, Kourtney Khloe Kardashian Asherehekee Cinco de Mayo katika LA	Dada za Kardashian wana sherehe ya Cinco de Mayo	Legit
Celebrity	hy Justin Timberlake hakuenda kwa Emmys th Jessica Biel	Jessica Biel alishangaa katika tuzo za Emmy 2017 huko LA Jumapili, Septemba 17, bila tarehe yake ya kawaida ya onyesho la tuzo, mume Justin Timberlake, kando yake - na ikatokea kwamba mwigizaji, 35, alikuwa akipanda solo kwa sababu nzuri sana.	Legit
Celebrity	David Gest alipatikana akiwa amekufa akiwa na umri wa miaka 62: Mume wa zamani wa Liza Minnelli aligundua baada ya kufariki 'bila kufafanua' katika hoteli ya London	"David Gest, nyota halisi wa TV na mume wa zamani wa Liza Minnelli, amekutwa amekufa katika hoteli ya London yenye nyota tano katika hali ""isiyoelezewa""."	Legit
Celebrity	Karibu Wakati Huo Princess Diana alibadilisha Wasichana wa Dhahabu na Kugonga Baa ya Mashoga na Freddie Mercury	Malkia Diana anaweza kuwa alifurahiya zaidi wakati akioa katika familia ya kifalme ya Uingereza kuliko vile tulivyokuwa tukifikiria awali. Katika kitabu chake kipya, mwigizaji wa ucheshi wa Uingereza Cleo Rocos anasema kwamba yeye, Malkia wa mbele Freddie Mercury, na mchekeshaji Kenny Everett walimtapeli Princess Diana kwenye baa ya mashoga ya London-London, Royal Vauxhall Tavern, mwishoni mwa miaka ya 1980. Rocos anakumbuka jioni katika The Power of Positive kunywa, akiandika kwamba watatu walivaa mpendwa marehemu wa kifalme kwa kujificha-koti la jeshi, kofia, na miwani, kulingana na akaunti ya hadithi na AFP-na waliweza kufurahiya shukrani za dhati kwa umaarufu wa Mercury katika umati:	Legit
Celebrity	Kitesurfing, Chakula cha mchana na Bono, Gofu katika Hawaii: Wote Kuhusu Maisha ya Obamas Sasa	Wamevunja Bubble ya Nyumba ya kupendeza na hawataangalia nyuma.	Legit
Celebrity	J-Rod Jennifer Lopez na Alex Rodriguez juu ya Upendo, Urembo, na Ukombozi	"Licha ya umaarufu wa kisasa na mizigo-uliofanywa na Jennifer Lopez na Alex Rodriguez, uhusiano wao hufanya akili kamili. Wote walianza kutoka asili duni, walipiga wakati wa haraka, na walipaswa kupigana na mapepo yao ili kuishi. Wanandoa wapya wanajadili kila kitu kutoka tarehe yao ya kwanza ya wasiwasi hadi ""kufunua"" ambayo ilizua dhamana yao."	Legit
Celebrity	Lady Gaga sio mjamzito, anasema mwakilishi	"Los Angeles: Mwakilishi wa Lady Gaga amekataa ripoti kwamba mwimbaji ni mjamzito Uvumi huo uliibuka baada ya Gaga kuonekana kama mchezo wa mapema wiki iliyopita. Jarida lilidai katika toleo lake la hivi karibuni kwamba mtoto huyo mwenye umri wa miaka 29 alikuwa na ""mtoto njiani."" Walakini, ripoti hiyo ilizidiwa na mwakilishi wa Gaga. Mwakilishi aliliambia Rumor Fix tabloid kwamba Gaga hakutarajia mtoto na mchumba wake Taylor Kinney, anaripoti aceshowbiz.com.Fans ambao walishtuka walichukua kwa Twitter kuposti picha za Gaga na ""bonge la watoto"" .Baada ya picha zilimuonyesha akipiga pwani. na mavazi ya maxi yenye rangi ya machungwa yenye rangi ya hudhurungi, wakati kwenye picha zingine alionekana amevaa mavazi ya kaftan ya rangi ya bluu wakati akipiga pwani ya Malibu na Kinney.Gaga alishiriki kwenye Instagram picha yake na tummy gorofa siku ya ednesday. ""Binti ya baba"", aliitapa. Kama hivyo, hii sio mara ya kwanza kwa mwimbaji kutapeliwa kuwa mjamzito. Hapo awali pia kumekuwa na uvumi juu yake."	Legit
Celebrity	"Kourtney na Kendall Wana ""Jua nje, Buns Out"" Siku ya Mashua huko Cannes"	Kourtney Kardashian na Kendall Jenner kwa sasa wanaishi huko Kusini mwa Ufaransa kwa Tamasha la Filamu ya Cannes, na dada waliingia wakati wa kuogelea wakati wa kupumzika kwenye yacht huko Antibes Jumatatu; jozi hiyo ilionekana kupendeza na kuzungumza katika vipande-moja na rafiki Simon Huck. Siku iliyofuata, waliweka furaha ikikuja kwa kutoa mavazi yao ya kijeshi bora kwa siku kwenye maji. Kabla ya hoteli yao ya wivu, Kourtney alihudhuria chakula cha jioni katika kuadhimisha sikukuu za bahari ya Jean-Michel Cousteau Jumapili, wakati Kendall aligonga barabara ya sherehe ya kila mwaka ya mtindo wa Naomi Campbell, ambayo pia ilimtoa Kate Moss, Heidi Klum, na Kendall's. pal Bella Hadid. Endelea kusoma ili kuona picha zote kutoka kwa ujio wa Kourtney na Kendall's Cannes.	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez akionekana kama jaji wa 'American Idol'	"Mwimbaji anaripotiwa kutangazwa kama jaji pamoja na mwimbaji wa onyesho la kweli la kuimba ""American Idol""."	Fake
Celebrity	Ellen, Portia aondoe muonekano baada ya mapigano ya 'Epic'	Ellen DeGeneres na Portia de Rossi hawakujitokeza kwenye banda la kutoa misaada kwa wanyama waliookolewa baada ya mapigano makubwa ndani ya gari njiani kuelekea hafla ya Jumapili, vyanzo vinamwambia Ukurasa wa Sita.	Fake
Celebrity	Ni Yote Kuhusu Kah Kim Kardashian Kanye est Akataa Msaada wa Misaada Ili Kutuliza Lawama kuhusu Uanzilishi wa Video ya Video ya Ushirikiano wa YouTube	Yote ni kuhusu kash na Kim Kardashian na Kanye est	Fake
Celebrity	Hillary Clinton Sinema - Nyota ya Glenn Karibu	Sinema iko kwenye kazi juu ya Hillary Clinton na maisha yake ya kushangaza, na mwigizaji wa hadithi Glenn Karibu amechaguliwa kucheza cheti cha mwanamke wa kwanza na mgombeaji wa urais.	Fake
Celebrity	Owen ilson anasema watoto wake wanageuzwa kuwa Comedians kidogo - atch	Owen ilson anafungua juu ya kazi zinazoweza kutokea kwa watoto wake katika ucheshi	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez Ni 'Anapenda Mapenzi' na Justin Baada ya Kuungana tena: Yeye ni 'Mwanga Furahi'	Ikiwa Selena Gomez anaonekana kuwa anaishi maisha bora tangu kuungana tena na Justin Bieber - amepata maelezo ambayo Sel's yuko katika 'mapenzi' na anafurahi kurudi na Biebs.	Fake
Celebrity	Kofia za kumpenda Jennifer Lawrence, 26, na Darren Aronofsky, 47, zinaonekana hadharani na mapenzi yao wakati wanaungana kwa safari ya NYC	Wamekuwa wakiweka mapenzi yao ya kuchana chini ya matupu lakini inaonekana kwamba Jennifer Lawrence na Darren Aronofsky wamefanya azimio la Mwaka Mpya kuwa wazi zaidi juu ya uhusiano wao.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Anasema Kanye est Ni 'Mbaya' Kuhusu Kukimbia Rais	Siku ya The Ellen Show ednesday, nyota halisi wa kipindi cha kipindi cha Runinga Kim Kardashian est alimweleza mwenyeji Ellen DeGeneres kwamba mumewe, rapper Kanye est, dhahiri alimaanisha kile alisema wakati alitangaza kwa hiari kwenye Tuzo za Muziki za Video za MTV kuwa anataka kumgombea Rais wa United Mataifa.	Legit
Celebrity	Mazungumzo machafu ya Scarlett Johansson ya SNL Stud	Mike alker Ripoti… Kamwe usiongee chafu na wanawake ikiwa unataka kugeuka - kulia, jamani?	Fake
Celebrity	Harvey einstein anapanga kushtaki New York Times kwa 50M	"Harvey einstein anasema atashtaki New York Times kwa wastani wa milioni 50 baada ya kuchapisha ripoti ya bomu akidai wahusika wa sinema wanawashukia waigizaji na wafanyikazi wa kike kwa ""miongo ya unyanyasaji wa kijinsia."""	Fake
Celebrity		Jennifer Garner ana Wasichana Usiku Kati na Chelsea Handler	Legit
Celebrity	'Msichana' Anapambana na Kanye anapangaana na Anna akijumuisha Kuweka Lena Dunham Kwenye Jalada la 'Vogue' Badala ya Fiancée Kim Kardashian	Ni kubwa kwa vibambo vyako vilivyoundwa, Kanye? Wakati wa chakula cha mchana cha hivi majuzi katika ukumbi wa Beverly Hills Polo Lounge, nyota ya hip hop ilidai majibu kutoka kwa Mhariri Mkuu wa Vogue-Mkuu-Ana iliuliza swali: je yeye alihukumu nyota wa Wasichana Lena Dunham kama mtu anayestahili hadithi ya mtindo wa kawaida, wakati mchumba wake, Kim Kardashian, amepuuzwa kwa muda mrefu?	Fake
Celebrity	Nicki Minaj HAKUNA sikio la suruali Moto Na Mazao Juu Ya Kuhariri kwa Serena illiams, Licha ya Ripoti	"Nicki Minaj hakuvaa suruali moto na mazao ya juu kwenye harusi ya Serena illiams, licha ya ripoti ya uchochezi kulingana na picha iliyopewa picha. Kwa wanaoanza, rapper huyo hakuhudhuria hata nyota za nyota wa tenisi. Gossip Cop inaweza kuweka rekodi moja kwa moja. illiams aliolewa na mjasiriamali wa mtandao Alexis Ohanian mbele ya marafiki na familia huko New Orleans Alhamisi. Orodha ya wageni ilikuwa pamoja na watu mashuhuri, akiwemo Beyonce, Kim Kardashian, Kelly Rowland, Anna intour, Ciara na Eva Longoria. Minaj hakuhudhuria, lakini wavuti ya Ireland aliandika picha ya Instagram inayomwonyesha akiingia kwenye sherehe na Beyonce na Rihanna. Tovuti hiyo ilipewa nakala yake isiyo sahihi, ""kofia Nicki Minaj alivaa harusi ya Serena illiams sio sawa,"" anasema mwimbaji huyo akijitokeza kwenye sherehe ya mchezo wa ""moto mweupe na ngozi ya juu."" Duka ambalo limepotoshwa vibaya linasisitiza nguo ya Minaj ilikuwa ""kinda sana,"" ikidumisha zaidi kuwa ""alizidisha safu ya adabu ya harusi."" Lakini maoni ya tovuti kuhusu mavazi ya rapper ni mengi sana. Wala Minaj au Rihanna hawakuwa kwenye harusi ya mchezaji wa tenisi. Nyota zote mbili za muziki ziliwekwa picha ya Beyonce akiwa peke yake kwenye sherehe hiyo. Haijulikani ikiwa duka la Ireland linajaribu kudanganya wasomaji wake au kutapeliwa na picha hiyo yenyewe, lakini Minaj hakuvaa mavazi yasiyofaa kwa harusi ya illiams, ambayo hakuhudhuria. Ikumbukwe, Gossip Cop alilazimika kujadili hadithi kadhaa za uwongo zinazozunguka nyota za nyota wa tenisi kwa muda mfupi tangu aende chini ya njia. e hivi karibuni alitamani HollywoodLife kwa kupanga ripoti kuhusu Beyonce na Kardashian kuwa na ""kubadilishana vizuri"" kwenye harusi. Gossip Cop pia alimwita RadarOnline kwa kutengeneza hadithi kuhusu Kardashian anapigiwa kelele kwa kutumia simu yake kwenye harusi ya illiams. Nakala hii ya hivi karibuni inayohusiana na tukio hilo ni sawa na phony."	Legit
Celebrity	Lindsay Lohan Anaripotiwa Kuhusika na mrithi wa Urusi	Mwishowe, Lindsay Lohan amepata upendo.	Legit
Celebrity	Anina sumu Angelina Jolie akiondoka	Picha nyembamba ya reli ya Angelina Jolie inasababisha suruali za karibu kuomba kuingilia kati ili kumuokoa kutoka kifo	Fake
Celebrity	Rosie O'Donnell, hoopi Goldberg wabadilishane hadithi za kupunguza uzito	"(CNN) - ""The View"" ilirudi Televisheni Jumatatu na seti mpya, nyuso mbili mpya na jozi ya wenyeji wanaorudi ambao wametumia wakati wao mbali kuzingatia afya zao."	Legit
Celebrity	Mchanganyiko wa moyo Jennifer Aniston Anaendesha kwa Mpaka wa Kupitisha	Jennifer Aniston anatafuta kupitisha mtoto kutoka kusini mwa mpaka - wiki chache tu baada ya Gazeti la Kitaifa kufunua mapigo yake ya moyo juu ya kaka yake aliyetarajiwa kutangaza kwamba alikuwa baba tena	Fake
Celebrity	Vyama vya Justin Bieber Katika Hafla Moja ya Grammy Kama Ex Selena Gomez Jioni	"Uh oh Justin Bieber, 22, aliamua kugonga chapisho la Rihanna Grammys bash saa 1Oak Februari 12 ili kuungana na nyota wengine wakubwa wa tasnia ya muziki, na kwa bahati mbaya kwake ni pamoja na mpenzi wake wa zamani Selena Gomez, 24, na mchumba wake mpya eeknd, 26. Kama vile tulivyokuambia ushujaa, jozi hawakuweza kuweka mikono yao wenyewe, wakipakia PDA nyingi wakati wameketi kwenye kibanda cha VIP na ambayo kwa kweli haikua vizuri na Wabie. Alionekana kwenye sherehe hiyo kwa ufupi, kisha akaibadilisha na kuibabaisha kutoka hapo muda mfupi baada ya kufika. Chanzo kinamwambia HollywoodLife.com KIISLAMU kwamba, ""Alikuwepo kwa sekunde moto ... sio muda mrefu sana aliondoka karibu mara moja"""	Fake
Celebrity	Mke wa Billy Bush ni 'hasira' kwake baada ya kuhojiwa na Trump	Huenda Billy Bush alikuwa ameweka selfie mpya na mkewe, lakini uvumi unaenea kwamba yote hayako sawa katika paradiso yao ya California.	Fake
Celebrity	Moyo wa Celine Dion- kurekebisha Utendaji wa 'Moyo Wangu mgonjwa Kuendelea' kwenye Tuzo za Muziki za 2017: atch	"Celine Dion aliadhimisha kumbukumbu ya miaka 20 ya wimbo wake wa upendo uliovurugika, ""Moyo Wangu Unaendelea,"" kwa kutekeleza kutoka ndani ya chandelier ya urefu wa maili ambayo ilipachika kutoka dari ya ukumbi huo Jumapili ya Jumapili (Mei 21) 2017 tuzo za Muziki za Billboard. Kama ilivyoinua, ndivyo pia sauti za Dion."	Legit
Celebrity	Jinsi Janet Jackson alipoteza pauni 70	Mama mpya mwenye umri wa miaka 51 anafanya mazoezi ya mwili mwembamba ambayo mkufunzi wake anasema alifanikiwa bila kuweka masaa mengi ya Cardio, iliripotiwa kumwaga pauni 70.	Legit
Celebrity	George, Amal Clooney atoa 1M kwa Kituo cha Sheria cha Umaskini Kusini ili kupambana na vikundi vya chuki	Ikiwa mazungumzo ya pesa, George na Amal Clooney walifanya kupiga kelele Jumanne, kwa kutoa milioni 1 kwa Kituo cha Sheria cha Umasikini Kusini kusaidia kupigana vikundi vya chuki kufuatia msiba na vurugu huko Charlottesville, Va.	Legit
Celebrity	GIRL KUHUSU KWA N: Victoria Beckham anajiandaa kwa mtoto wa tano	Victoria Beckham, kulia, anajiandaa kupata mtoto wa tano na mumewe David, kulingana na vyanzo karibu na rafiki yake mkubwa, Tana Ramsay.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Afungua Upya Kuhusu Maisha Baada ya Wizi wa Paris	Asubuhi hii, Kim Kardashian est ni dakika chache marehemu kwa kiamsha kinywa kwa sababu hakuweza kupata kitu hiki cha uso wa uso. Yeye anakaa katika chumba katika sehemu za juu za Hoteli ya Baccarat katikati mwa jiji Manhattan. Chumba kilicho na kitanda kikubwa ndani yake, ambacho alilala, kitako butt, na binti yake wa miaka nne, North. Na katika chumba hicho aliweka maski - ya aina ya mapambo, sio anuwai ya Halloween - ili kugundua hakuweza kuiondoa. hapa alipata kitu hiki cha dhahabu-kofia ya dhahabu ambacho kinapaswa kufanya ngozi yako kuwa na afya? Mwanadamu, wakati wewe ni Kim Kardashian est, haujui kila kitu hutoka wapi. Watu wanakupa tu vitu. Vinjari na milango na akaunti za uwasilishaji za ulimwengu wazi na mtiririko wa bure wa vitu vinakuosha tu. Kim anajaribu kufurahisha, kwa sababu hiyo ndiyo kitu kilichofunuliwa kufanya. Lakini hivi sasa yuko juu chumbani kwake akijaribu kutenganisha uso wake na kitu cha bure cha gel.	Legit
Celebrity	Jim Carrey Anasema Amesafiri 'Mto wa huzuni' katika Mwonekano wa Mhemko	Jamaa huyo mwenye umri wa miaka 55 alisimamishwa na mwanahabari na mwanaharakati Michael Moore's Broadway kuonyesha Masharti ya Surrender yangu Alhamisi usiku kwa mazungumzo ya wazi juu ya hali ya kisiasa ya leo baada ya uchaguzi wa Rais Donald Trump.	Legit
Celebrity	Jay-Z: 'Yesu Ni Habari Mbili; Lusifa ni wa Ukweli na Mwanga '	"""Yesu Kristo ndiye habari ya uwongo,"" kulingana na Jay-Z, ambaye anadai ""Yesu hakuwahi kutembea duniani, wakati wote ukipigwa"" na ""wazo la Yesu ni kifaa tu kinachotumiwa na watu wenye busara kudhibiti watu wasio na akili. """	Fake
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson: 'Jioni ndio sehemu ngumu sana ambayo nimefanya'	Alifanya jina lake kama kijana wa vampire wa moyo wa nguvu Edward Cullen katika Twilight. Halafu mapenzi yake ya kutatanisha na nyota mwenza wa Kristen Stewart yalitawala safu za uwongo za ulimwengu. Sasa Robert Pattinson ni mzee, busara na kumwaga picha yake ya Hollywood-kijana mzuri. Anazungumza juu ya jukumu lake jipya katika upendeleo wa nje wa jiji la David Michôd magharibi mwa The Rover	Legit
Celebrity	Amber Heard Anashiriki Picha Kutoka kwa Aquaman Set	Mara tu baada ya kupiga sinema kwa Aquaman kuanza nchini Australia, tulipata sura yetu ya kwanza kama mwigizaji Amber Heard kama Mera. Sasa Heard amechukua mtandao wa Twitter kushiriki picha yake na Jason Momoa - muigizaji nyuma ya jukumu la filamu la filamu - na mkurugenzi James an.	Legit
Celebrity	Gwen Stefani wa kusikitisha anapoteza Usikiaji Baada ya Kujifunga tena Eardrum	Bibi wa wimbo wa pop Gwen Stefani anaweza kumaliza kuwa kiziwi na kumwangamiza kazi yake ya uimbaji mzuri	Fake
Celebrity	Kuinua Uso, Botox, Peels, Ahsheni ya Upelelezi wa Plastiki ya Ellen DeGeneres	Utaftaji wa Ellen DeGeneres na kukaa milele mchanga umeandikwa usoni mwake - kwa kweli Katika ripoti mpya kutoka The National ENQUIRER, vyanzo vinaonyesha kuwa malkia wa mazungumzo ya chini-kwa-ardhi ni mjuzi wa upasuaji wa plastiki kwa kujificha.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez na Justin Bieber Alibusu tu kwenye Mchezo wake wa Hockey	Wakati eeknd inavyounganisha na mchezaji wake wa zamani, Bella Hadid, Selena Gomez anaendelea na uhusiano wake na Justin Bieber. Jana usiku, aliunga mkono nyota ya Canada ya pop kwenye mchezo wake wa hockey huko LA (kwa mara ya pili). Na wawili hao walipeleka PDA kwa ngazi inayofuata: walionekana wakibusu kwenye ukingo.	Legit
Celebrity	Blake Shelton na Lindsey Sporrer Kudanganya kwenye Miranda Lambert - Talaka Inatarajiwa | Chafu chafu	Inaonekana kana kwamba hofu mbaya kabisa ya Miranda Lambert inaweza kuwa kweli. Kuamua kutoka kwa picha za hivi karibuni, Blake Shelton labda angejikuta ni mdogo, toleo la kawaida la mke wake wa kuigiza Blake aliamua kuhudhuria sherehe ya kuzaliwa ya Usher ya 35 na Miranda hakuweza kupatikana. Ni kama anaenda zake ili kumuepusha na Blake wakati yuko karibu na mtu yeyote ambaye anafanya kazi naye na kisha kumtupa usoni mwake kuwa wao huwa kila wakati huwa mbali, kwa usiku huu fulani alikuwa nyumbani lakini usifikirie dakika ambayo Blake alikuwa mpweke.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian anaelezea ni kwanini hatampigia kura Trump?	Kwa muda kidogo hapo, ilionekana kwamba Hillary Clinton alikuwa amepoteza kura ya Kim Kardashian.	Legit
Celebrity	Je! Ngozi ya Evian Siri ya Nyuma ya Cameron Diaz Ngozi Kubwa? Soma zaidi kwa: https://tr.im/207sZ	Hii ni moja ya uvumi huo ambao ni ujinga sana tunatamani kama ingekuwa kweli jarida la Star linaripoti katika toleo lao la hivi karibuni kwamba mwigizaji wa orodha ya Cameron Diaz anatumia maji ya chupa kuoga.	Legit
Celebrity	Je! Meek Mill alimpata Nicki Minaj Kwenye Jaribio la Lesbi ya Vijana?	Kupata hadithi kuhusu Nicki Minaj na Meek Mill sio kunyoosha haswa. Mwaka jana, nyama ya Meek Mill na rapper wa Canada Drake walitunasa burudani kwa miezi kadhaa, na Minaj hana uzoefu mdogo. Katika miaka michache iliyopita, Minaj amejulikana karibu na vita vyake vya kijamii na kwa muziki wake. Kama matokeo, watazamaji mashuhuri daima wanaonekana kuwa na jicho kwa hadithi inayofuata ya Meek Mill na hadithi ya Nicki Minaj. Katika wiki za hivi karibuni, hadithi nyingi kuhusu Mill na Minaj zimezingatia kama wanandoa wa nguvu wa hip-hop bado wanandana au la.	Fake
Celebrity	Mariah Carey, Meneja Stella Bulochnikov Mgawanyiko	Mariah Carey na meneja wake wa miaka mitatu, Stella Bulochnikov, hawafanyi kazi tena pamoja kama meneja na mteja, Tofauti amethibitisha.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston, Diva? Mwigizaji Aliyoangaziwa Kuwa 'Haifikiwe' amewekwa, hahusiki Jamii (Ripoti)	"Inawezekana huyu ""Rafiki"" wa zamani kuwa chini ya urafiki katika maisha halisi? Uvumi una hivyo ndivyo ilivyo."	Legit
Celebrity	Ellen DeGeneres Dines ya Siri Brunette Pamoja na Talaka ya Talaka kwa Portia de Rossi	Ellen DeGeneres aliibuka na kijinga cha siri hivi karibuni huku kukiwa na uvumi wa talaka yake inayokuja na mke Portia de Rossi. Picha za mwenyeji wa Runinga zote zinatabasamu na mwanamke huyo ambaye haijulikani alizidisha tu uvumi wa kujitenga kwao.	Fake
Celebrity	Jake Gyllenhaal hayuko hapa kwa maswali ya Taylor Swift	Kushoto, na Mike Pont / ireImage; Kulia, kutoka Picha za GC, zote kutoka kwa Getty Picha.	Legit
Celebrity	"Jennifer Aniston na Justin Theroux walitengeneza Moja ya ""Miscalculation Massive"" hile Kupanga editing zao za Siri"	"Kukaa vibaya kwa kando, ilisikika kana kwamba harusi ya siri ya Jennifer Aniston na Justin Theroux, msimu huu wa joto, iliondoka bila hit. Kwa kushangaza, maelezo juu ya nuptials za Malibu hayakuvuja kwa vyombo vya habari. Jimmy Kimmel alifanya kazi ""nzuri"" ya kuandaa sherehe hiyo, kupata usawa kamili kati ya tamu na ya kuchekesha. Howard Stern alitoa hotuba. Na baadaye, wale walioolewa walianza onyesho la ujamaa zaidi la kikundi ambalo tumewahi kusikia. Lakini mnamo ednesday, wakati wa kukuza msimu mpya wa The Hto the Leftovers, Theroux ilifunua kwamba duo hiyo ilifanya ""ujazo mkubwa"" wakati wa kupanga harusi."	Legit
Celebrity	Hatimaye Victoria Beckham anashughulikia madai kuwa anajaribu mtoto wake wa FIWILI akiwa na miaka 42 na mumewe David	Wanandoa maarufu, ambao wanaishi London, tayari wana watoto watatu na binti	Legit
Celebrity	Sarah Jessica Parker Inarithi Udhibiti wa Magazeti ya Vogue Kutoka kwa Anna? | Chafu chafu	Kuna mmoja tu wa Anna, lakini kuna muda mrefu tu kwamba anaweza kukimbia Vogue. Ana Ana sasa ana miaka 64, na wakati bado ana miaka mingi ya kuendelea kufanya kazi, utawala wake hautadumu milele. Mwishowe, italazimika kupata mrithi, na kulingana na ripoti kutoka Radar Online, mrithi atakuwa Sarah Jessica Parker.	Fake
Celebrity	"Nyota wa zamani wa Beatle Ringo Anadai ""Real"" Paul McCartney Alikufa mnamo 1966 na kama Aliyoibadilishwa na Look-sawa"	Mashamba ya Beverly | Mwanadada wa zamani wa Beatles, Ringo Starr, alishangaza ulimwengu asubuhi ya leo wakati wa mahojiano katika makao yake ya kifahari ya Kaliforni, wakati alikiri kwamba uvumi wa miaka 45 kuhusu kifo cha Paul McCartney mnamo 1966 ni kweli.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez anachekesha Bye Bye birdie, muziki unaofuata wa NBC	Televisheni ya moja kwa moja ya NBC ya Hairspray bado inaendelea, lakini Jennifer Lopez tayari anatayarisha utayarishaji wa muziki wa pili wa muziki, Bye Bye birdie Live	Legit
Celebrity		Axed Jennifer Hudson on't aliulizwa Kurudishwa kwa 'Sauti' juu ya Maadili ya Diva	Fake
Celebrity	Billy Bush aliyeachiliwa rasmi kutoka NBC Leo onyesho baada ya kashfa ya mkanda wa uovu wa Donald Trump	Bush alisimamishwa katika onyesho la asubuhi siku mbili baada ya yaliyomo kwenye mkanda wa 2005 kuripotiwa Oktoba 7.	Legit
Celebrity	hy Celine Dion na Cher huchukia kila mmoja	Cher alijaza umati wa watu katika mavazi ya wazi-ya kung'aa hapo jana wakati alipokuwa akisema 'Ikiwa Ningeweza Kurudisha Muda' na 'Amini' kwenye tuzo za Muziki wa Bodi ya Muziki wa 2017.	Fake
Celebrity	Uchambuzi | Kanye est na jinsi hip-hop inashughulikia afya ya akili	Haijulikani wazi ni nini kinaendelea na Kanye est. Rapper huyo, ambaye alitolewa kwenye sinema akiwasilisha vitunguu marudio katika maonyesho ya hivi karibuni huko California, Jumatatu alighairi tarehe 21 zilizobaki katika safari yake ya Saint Pablo. Masaa baadaye, aliripotiwa hospitalini kwa dhiki na uchovu.	Legit
Celebrity	Liam Payne Alikiachiwa tu Solo za Staili za Harry Styles	Muziki mpya wa Harry Styles sio wa kila mtu, hata hata bendi yake ya zamani ya Miongozo moja ya Liam Payne.	Fake
Celebrity	Justin Bieber na Selena Gomez wanapendeza mashabiki	(CNN) Kama upendo, matumaini yanatoka kwa milele kwa mashabiki wa Justin Bieber na Selena Gomez.	Legit
Celebrity	Iggy Azalea na Odell Beckham Jr: Kuchumbiana	Unaweza kushangazwa na habari kwamba Odell Beckham Jr. na Iggy Azalea wanachumbiana, lakini ukisimama na kufikiria juu yake kwa muda mfupi, kweli hufanya akili nzuri kama wanandoa.	Fake
Celebrity	Ben Affleck Ana Uso Mpya Mpya: BOTOX BEN	RAIS UPE? Baada ya mwaka VERY ROUGH, madaktari wanasema kwamba inaonekana kwamba Ben Affleck uso wake uliweka upya Msaada wa uvumi? Botox kwa miguu ya jogoo wake kukausha mistari kuzunguka mdomo wake.	Fake
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus na Liam Hemsworth End Engagement	Imeisha rasmi: Majibu ya wote Miley Cyrus na Liam Hemsworth wanathibitisha kwa watu BURE kuwa kuhusika kumekatika kati ya nyota hizo mbili.	Fake
Celebrity	Matawi ya FKA Inaonekana kuwa mbaya kwa Robert Pattinson Katika Tamasha la Filamu la Cannes | Chafu chafu	Matawi ya FKA na Robert Pattinson wameripotiwa kuwa na nguvu. Nyota ya Twilight na mchumba wake walihudhuria Tamasha la Filamu la Cannes la 2017 wiki hii. Wanandoa hawakuonekana kuwa na furaha kama wanavyoripotiwa kuwa. Imekuwa miezi tangu mashabiki waone Matawi ya FKA na Robert Pattinson kwa pamoja.	Fake
Celebrity	Acha Sasa hivi Wasichana wa viungo wanaweza kuwa Wakipanga Kuungana tena	Kuna vitu kadhaa ambavyo watu hawapaswi kufanya utani tu. Mkutano wa Wasichana wa Spice unaowezekana na washiriki wote watano ni mmoja wao.	Legit
Celebrity	Mgawanyiko wa kesi ya Kim Kardashian na Kanye est ulidumu kwa eeks Sita (EXCLUSIVE)	Baada ya kupata shida kuvunjika mwishoni mwa mwaka wa 2016, Kanye est amekuwa akisifu maelezo mafupi sana. Lakini kile ambacho mashabiki hawakujua ni kwamba rapper huyo na mkewe Kim Kardashian walikuwa wanapitia kesi ya kujitenga.	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye, Hakuna 'Idol American' Kwangu	Hakuna 'Idol American' Kwangu	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez A-Rod edding juu ya ay? Yeye mchwa kumuoa	"Je! Jennifer Lopez, 47, yule wa Alex Rodriguez, 41? Rafiki zake wanaripotiwa kuanza kufikiria hivyo, kulingana na E News. ""Marafiki zake wote wanaweza kusema anapenda sana J.Lo [lakini] mwanzoni walidhani hii inaweza kuwa ni fling,"" chanzo kilisema. ""Marafiki zake wanafikiria polepole hii inaweza kuwa mechi nzuri."" J-Lo na A-Rod hakika walifurahiya wakati wao pamoja Ijumaa, Machi 24 wakati walipokaa kwenye Hoteli ya Bel-Air."	Fake
Celebrity	Fergie anasema yeye na Josh Duhamel bado 'marafiki wakubwa'	"Fergie anasema ingawa yeye na mume Josh Duhamel wanagawanyika, bado ni ""marafiki wakubwa"" wanaopendana na mtoto wao mchanga."	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie, Isiyovunjika	"""Sikutarajia kuwa mtu ambaye kila mtu anaelewa au anapenda,"" Angelina Jolie anasema. ""Na hiyo ni sawa, kwa sababu ninajua mimi ni nani, na watoto wanajua mimi ni nani."""	Legit
Celebrity	Prince Harry Meghan Markle Kuhamia Pamoja	"Mkubwa wa karibu wa nyota ya ""Suti"" aliiambia The ENQUIRER kwamba Meg ""anageuza ikulu chini na ukarabati wake"" - na kuongeza: ""Anajua anachotaka kichwa cha Meghan haswa linapokuja juu ya ladha yake mwenyewe"" Jamaa wa LA anasisitiza juu ya ukarabati wa eco-kirafiki, vyumba vya wazi vya hewa, rangi zisizo na rangi, sofa kubwa na viti, na glasi za kisasa na vifaa vya chuma. Lakini tabia ya ""diva-kama"" ya kawaida ni kufanya watu wengine wa jumba la korosho"	Fake
Celebrity	Hadithi ya Jalada: Angelina Jolie Solo	Kuna Angelina Jolie ambaye sasa ni mama moja - anayesimamia machafuko ya kila siku ya watoto sita, na msiba wa mgawanyiko wake kutoka kwa Brad Pitt- na kuna Angelina Jolie ambaye sinema yake ya hivi karibuni, ya msingi wa Netflix juu ya mauaji ya Kambogia ni pia asante kwa taifa lililomubadilisha. Katika jumba lake jipya la LA, Jolie anaonyesha mvutano kati ya wawili wa Angelinas na sababu maisha yake hayatakuwa ya kawaida.	Legit
Celebrity	Blake Shelton Anashughulikia Uvumi Kwenye Twitter Katika Njia Nzuri kabisa ya ay	Blake Shelton amepata takriban ya kutosha ya mazungumzo yote kuhusu yeye na mke wake, Miranda Lambert.	Legit
Celebrity	Harusi ya siri ya juu ya Allison illiams ilifunuliwa	Allison illiams ni kuolewa Jumamosi katika sherehe ya siri ya nyota huko magharibi, Ukurasa wa Sita unaweza kufunua tu.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift ent to '' Urefu Mkubwa '' Ili Kuweka Romance Yake Binafsi	Ijapokuwa habari zimevunjika kuwa Taylor Swift anachumbiana na muigizaji wa Uingereza Joe Alwyn, kwa kweli alijaribu kuiweka chini ya muda mrefu kama angeweza.	Legit
Celebrity	Anna Faris Ajibu Kwa Chris Pratt-Jennifer Lawrence Kudanganya Risasi Kama Wanavyowakuza 'Abiria' Siku ya kuzaliwa kwake	"Mwigizaji wa ""Mama"" Anna Faris hakutaka kuruhusu maandishi hayo yamfikie, lakini wakati fununu zilienea mwaka jana kuhusu mume wa Chris Pratt alimdanganya na nyota wa ""Abiria"" Jennifer Lawrence, alihisi hatari."	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Lawrence anakumbuka wakati alikomwa na Kris Jenner na kuvuliwa uchi	Jennifer Lawrence alikuwa na mlipuko wa kujaza kwa Jimmy Kimmel kwenye show yake ya usiku wa manane.	Legit
Celebrity	Anderson Cooper juu ya Kathy Griffin: 'Natumai amerudi nyuma'	Anderson Cooper ameweka wazi kuwa hafurahii na picha ya utata ya Kathy Griffin ya Donald Trump, lakini mkurugenzi wa CNN anasema anatumai rafiki yake wa muda mrefu anaweza kurudi baada ya shida ya kichwa.	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/taylor-swift-new-song- mtazamo-what-you-made-me-do-apparent-kanye-west-diss-w499090	Taylor Swift Atoa Daladala ya wimbo wa Kanye	Legit
Celebrity	Slps	Jim Carrey Anahudhuria Fashion eek Party Ili tu kwa Vyama vya Mavazi ya eek	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Kylie ho? Caitlyn Jenner Rukia-Anza Mipango ya Kujiendeleza	RadarOnline.com inaweza kuonyesha wazi kuwa Caitlyn Jenner anachunguza kikamilifu mchakato wa kupitishwa kwa zabuni ya kukata tamaa ya kujaza utupu uliosababishwa na uhusiano wake uliokithiri na binti zake, Kendall na Kylie.	Fake
Celebrity	Brad Pitt Anarudi kwa Jen Aniston Wakati wa Talaka Yake Kutoka kwa Angelina Jolie (EXCLUSIVE)	Wakati Angelina Jolie anaendelea kupotosha kisu kwenye moyo wa Brad Pitt huku kukiwa na talaka inayokuja, muigizaji huyo wa miaka 53 anarudi kwa mke wake wa zamani, Jennifer Aniston kwa msaada, huko Touch amejifunza peke yake. Mwaka mmoja baada ya Angelina, 42, kumpofusha mumewe wa miaka miwili na karatasi za talaka, mwigizaji huyo aliamua kuachana na New York Times, akionyesha kwamba watoto wake sita wanafaa bila baba yao.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez Mipango ya eeknd ya Tarehe Mbili ya Jennifer Aniston Justin Theroux	"Ushauri wa upendo Jennifer Aniston, 48, alimpa Selena Gomez, 24, hakika amelipa Kwa hivyo nyota ya A-Orodha inasikia vipi kuhusu beau lake jipya la eeknd, 26? ""Jen hakufurahi zaidi kwa Selena. Anahisi kama kuna mtu yeyote anayestahili kufurahi na kupata mapenzi ya kweli ni Selena,"" mtu anayeingia ndani anaambia HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY. Tamu sana"	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian na Kanye est kutafuta michango ya hisani, sio Zawadi za watoto	Hakuna zawadi za watoto hapa, tafadhali	Legit
Celebrity	JLo Ilibuliwa na NBC Baada ya Viwango vya Kutisha - EXCLUSIVE	JLo Ilibuliwa na NBC Baada ya Viwango vya Kutisha - EXCLUSIVE	Fake
Celebrity	Je! Prince Harry Anaongozwa na Yale?	SIYO Tangu Prince illiam achague St Andrews kama mwigaji wake wa alma amekuwa na msisimko kama huo kwenye chuo kikuu, lakini wanafunzi wanaotegemea kuishia kushiriki densi na mkuu watatakiwa kuangalia mbele kidogo wakati huu wakati fununu zinaibuka kuwa Prince Harry yuko Yale-amefungwa. Mfalme wa miaka 31 anafikiriwa kuzingatia Shule ya Sheria ya Yale huko Connecticut kama hatua yake inayofuata baada ya kuacha jeshi, na wanafunzi wanafurahi sana	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie Anatishia Brad Pitt: Usiletee watoto karibu na Jennifer Aniston	Ingawa Angelina Jolie, 41, na Brad Pitt, 53, waliamua kutoa hati zao za kisheria zinazohusisha mgawanyiko wao binafsi mnamo Januari 10, 2017, wameripotiwa Angie walipata hitaji jipya la kuongeza mazungumzo yao ya kugawanyika. Hataki rafiki mpya wa Brad aripoti, Jennifer Aniston, 48, mahali popote karibu na watoto wake, kulingana na In touch.	Fake
Celebrity	Mpenzi wa Ryan Seacrest Shayna Taylor Atoka kwa Sababu Nzuri	Ryan Seacrest alimpeleka mpenzi wake Shayna Taylor nje kwa sababu kubwa jana usiku	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Anashikilia Blue Ivy, Anaonyesha Bomba la Watoto katika Siku ya Ukumbusho Bikini Pic	Oh, mtoto Beyoncé, ambaye ni mjamzito na anatarajia mapacha na mumewe Z Z, alichukua ukurasa wa Instagram kwenye Siku ya Ukumbusho, Jumatatu, Mei 29, kuonesha mtoto wake mapema kwenye picha ya kupendeza iliyo na binti yao wa miaka 5, Blue Ivy.	Legit
Celebrity	Cheers? Sloppy Jessica Simpson Eric Johnson Kuwa Booze Moguls	Jessica Simpson na Eric Johnson wanapenda sana uzoefu wao, wanazingatia kugeuza shauku yao kuwa biashara mpya, RadarOnline.com wamejifunza peke yao.	Fake
Celebrity	Tuzo za Filamu za Hollywood: Tazama kile Angelina Jolie, Margot Robbie na zaidi walikuwa wamevaa	Tuzo za Filamu za Hollywood zilifanyika jana usiku huko Los Angeles, na Margot Robbie (pichani la Louis Vuitton), Angelina Jolie na Dakota Johnson kati ya wageni warembo.	Legit
Celebrity	Kanye est - 'Nervous Breakdown' ... Kusukuma Mbali na Mkutano wa Mazishi ya Mama	Kusukuma Mbali na Mkutano wa Mazishi ya Mama	Fake
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus na Liam Hemsworth walivaa pete za harusi kwenye 'SNL' - na sasa mashabiki wana hakika kuwa waliolewa	"Wanandoa walikuwa kwenye mchoro wa ""Jumamosi Usiku Live"" pamoja. Jumamosi Usiku Live / YouTube"	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Wivu wa Mwili wa Kourtney's Bikini: akienda Mara mbili Siku ya Kushindana	Kim Kardashian ni kijani na wivu juu ya mwili wa dada yake bangin 'bikini. Lakini badala ya kumruhusu Kourtney Kardashian aibe kuangaza, ishara ya ngono ya OG itaendelea kwenye shambulio hilo. Hapa kuna mpango wake wa KUSUDI wa kuchukua nafasi ya uangalizi	Fake
Celebrity	Barack Obama 'Mchwa Kukata Chama Cha Chafu' Wakati wa Talaka Za Talaka | follownews	Kwa kuwa yeye yuko nje ya Nyumba nzuri na sio lazima aendelee na sura ya sham za upendo, Rais wa zamani Barack Obama amemteka mke wake Michelle kukomesha na amemaliza pete yake ya harusi, chanzo kinadai.	Fake
Celebrity	"Kelly Ripa na Megyn Kelly kwenye vita vya kupigia kura juu ya ""Megyn Kelly Leo"" na 'Moja kwa moja Kelly na Ryan'"	Mambo yanazidi kupata joto Megyn Kelly Leo na Live kwa Kelly na Ryan hewa wakati huo huo yanayopangwa (siku za wiki saa 9 asubuhi), kwa hivyo haishangazi kuna vita vya ratings zinaendelea kati ya mwenyeji Megyn Kelly na Kelly Ripa hivi sasa.	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye est as Designing Inaangalia Melania Trump Siku ya Uzinduzi Kabla ya Kuvunjika	Kanye est, 38, ni ufafanuzi wa kazi wa kweli. Kwa kuongezea safari yake ya kazi ya Saint Pablo ambayo ilifutwa tu, 'Ye aliongozwa kufanya mavazi yake kuwa kama popcorn na kwa siri aliweka pamoja muundo fulani wa Mwanamke wa kwanza wa Melania Trump, 46, kuvaa.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift Hufanya Kitambaa Cha Bold kwenye Jalada La Albamu yake	Taylor Swift amerejea rasmi. Asubuhi hii, baada ya kuzima kwa media ya kijamii kufuatwa kwa karibu na sehemu zisizo wazi za nyoka anayemaliza muda wake, Swift alirudisha pazia kwenye albino yake inayokuja, Replication - anatarajia kutolewa Novemba 10, kulingana na sura inayofuata - nyeusi na uzuri nyeupe risasi na kuchukua mpya juu ya alama ya alama ya biashara yake.	Legit
Celebrity	Rosie O'Donnell Anauza Nyumba Yake Ya Kisiwa cha Star kwa Milioni 16.5	2013-06-17T14: 07: 39-04: 00	Legit
Celebrity	Mfanyikazi wa misaada anadai Angelina Jolie alimchukua mtoto Maddox kwa kutumia maelezo bandia	Mfanyikazi wa misaada wa Kanada anatoa madai ya kushangaza juu ya kupitishwa kwa Angelina Jolie 2003 kupitishwa kwa mtoto wa zamani wa Maddox Jolie-Pitt.	Legit
Celebrity	Diva Set Jennifer Aniston's Diva Set - sio kula chakula cha mchana na Jumba, kifahari SUV Na Maili ya Trailer ya Kibinafsi Away	Jennifer Aniston ni orodha ya sinema ya orodha na RadarOnline.com amejifunza peke yake kwamba ndivyo anavyofanya kama kawaida.	Fake
Celebrity		Có phải đĩa đơn mới của Drake có nghĩa là anh ấy đã hoàn thành album gần đây nhất của anh ấy?	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie Amal Alamuddin: Đó là ar	hen George và Amal Clooney đã tổ chức lễ cưới lần thứ hai vào ngày 25 tháng 10, một lần nữa hai vị khách rất đáng chú ý bị mất tích - Brad Pitt và Angelina Jolie không thấy đâu	Fake
Celebrity	Một điều cho Blondes? Brad Pitt đã sẵn sàng để tiếp tục với Margot Robbie	Brad Pitt có trở lại với cô gái tóc vàng không? Ngay sau khi chia tay với Angelina Jolie, những tin đồn đã xoay quanh việc hóa học tại chỗ của Pitt với nữ diễn viên Đồng minh Marion Cotillard. Liên kết với nhiều bạn diễn trong suốt sự nghiệp lâu dài của anh ấy, bao gồm cả người sắp trở thành người yêu cũ của anh ấy, không có gì lạ khi Jolie không muốn anh ấy làm việc với vỏ bom tóc vàng, Margot Robbie. Một nguồn độc quyền cho các báo cáo của OK, ngay bây giờ, anh ấy nghĩ rằng cô ấy là cô gái nóng bỏng nhất Hollywood. Theo nguồn tin này, nam diễn viên 41 tuổi và Chủ tịch của Kế hoạch B Films đã cố gắng tán tỉnh cô cho nhiều dự án phim. Đây là một chủ đề nhức nhối với Angie, người đã chặn họ làm việc cùng nhau một vài lần. Bây giờ anh ấy độc thân một lần nữa, bạn có thể mong đợi Brad sẽ theo đuổi Margot với một niềm đam mê. Và ai có thể trách anh ta? Người đẹp Úc 26 tuổi đã được mệnh danh là Angelina Jolie mới, người hâm mộ khuấy động nỗi sợ hãi trong lòng những người vợ nổi tiếng. Cô có danh tiếng riêng về hóa học tại chỗ với các diễn viên đã kết hôn trong đó có Smith. Đó là những cảnh sex nóng bỏng và nặng nề và những bức ảnh xuất hiện trong số họ trông thật ấm cúng từ máy ảnh, chính Smith đã phải giải quyết những tin đồn trên twitter.	Fake
Celebrity	Tom Hiddleston Choáng váng Taylor Swift đã giới thiệu anh ấy trên Album mới: Đây là hy	Hile hầu hết những người đang hoặc đang ở trong cuộc sống của Taylor Swift rất có thể biết họ sẽ được gọi ra khỏi album của cô ấy, Tom Hiddleston nghĩ rằng anh ấy an toàn Nhưng, được nhắc đến anh ấy trong TO track Đây là những gì anh ấy nghĩ	Fake
Celebrity	JENNIFER ANISTON HINTS TẠI FRUNENDS REUNION	"Jennifer Aniston đang khiến người hâm mộ Friends rất vui mừng Nữ diễn viên gợi ý cô sẽ sẵn sàng xuất hiện trong một cuộc hội ngộ của chương trình NBC đình đám. ""Điều duy nhất tôi có thể nghĩ làm có lẽ là để vui khi thực hiện một chương trình Lễ Tạ ơn,"" Aniston nói trên một chương trình trò chuyện của Anh. Tuy nhiên, một phát ngôn viên của arner Bros., studio sản xuất Friends, nói với tờ New York Post rằng không có cuộc thảo luận sơ bộ nào về chương trình hội ngộ Friends."	Fake
Celebrity	Lindsay Lohan: Starlet Lusting sau Vladimir Putin	"LiLo bất ngờ nhắm vào đôi mắt rực lửa của mình vào ""Kremlin Krotch"", nói với bạn bè rằng cô sẽ lên giường và cưới người đàn ông khét tiếng Xô Viết Vladimir Putin - và sau đó được chính thức trao vương miện ""Công chúa Pootie-Tang của Nga"""	Fake
Celebrity	Cuộc tranh luận về khoa học Katie Holmes Jenna Elfman bị bắt trong vụ lúng túng 'GMA'	Lần đầu tiên, bộ phim tại Good Morning America không liên quan đến Robin Roberts và kẻ thù mới của cô, Michael Strahan.	Fake
Celebrity	Kiến Kanye est tham gia kinh doanh mỹ phẩm như Kylie	Kanye est muốn đối đầu với chị dâu nổi tiếng của mình ... lặn đầu tiên vào công ty mỹ phẩm do Kylie Jenner thống trị.	Fake
Celebrity	Khiêu vũ với dàn sao 2017 Bao gồm Charo, Bonner Bolton, Heather Morris More	"Bạn đang khiêu vũ với những vì sao? Hãy cùng tìm hiểu Dàn diễn viên Dancing with the Stars 2017 mới được công bố trên Good Morning America Các thí sinh mùa 24 đã ra mắt trên Season Premiere, cũng đánh dấu tập thứ 400 của Dancing with the Stars. Chương trình phát sóng NGÀY 8 | 7c trên ABC. Đội hình của mùa giải này bao gồm Bonner Bolton, Mr. T, Olympians Simone Biles và Nancy Kerrigan, Heather Morris và cô gái ""Cuchi-Cuchi"" ban đầu, Charo, chỉ kể tên một vài người. Kiểm tra toàn bộ dàn diễn viên Dancing with the Stars dưới đây sau khi bạn tận hưởng số mở màn tuyệt vời từ buổi ra mắt phần 24"	Legit
Celebrity	Kirsten Dunst giải thích lý do cô khóc trên thảm đỏ Cannes 2017	Kirsten Dunst bị phát hiện khóc một cách bí ẩn trên thảm đỏ tại Liên hoan phim Cannes năm nay, và bây giờ có vẻ như chúng ta có một lời giải thích cho sự bùng nổ bất ngờ.	Legit
Celebrity	Bên trong phòng tắm em bé của Beyoncé	Đừng hành động như bạn không biết Beyoncé sẽ tắt nó khi đi tắm em bé.	Legit
Celebrity	Hoàng tử - Sự thật đằng sau việc dùng thuốc quá liều	"Như ENQUIRER đã báo cáo, Prince đã được chẩn đoán nhiễm HIV, loại virus gây ra bệnh AIDS, vào những năm 1990. Sự khôn ngoan của Đức Giê-hô-va đã chọn không chiến đấu với căn bệnh chết người bằng thuốc do đức tin của anh ta, tin rằng ""Chúa sẽ cứu tôi"" Sáu tháng trước, anh ta được các bác sĩ nói rằng anh ta bị AIDS toàn thân và chỉ còn sáu tháng để sống, các nguồn tin cho biết. ""Anh ấy không thể chịu đựng nỗi đau mà căn bệnh đã gây ra cho anh ấy ở giai đoạn cuối"", một người trong cuộc nói với ENQUIRER. ""Và anh ấy không muốn từ từ lãng phí"""	Fake
Celebrity	Blake Lively về điềm báo ở Hollywood, đạo diễn và có thể tái hợp 'Cô gái buôn chuyện'	Là một trong những sức mạnh điềm báo của Variety, Blake Lively sẽ tham dự một bữa ăn trưa vào thứ Sáu để hỗ trợ cho Liên minh Cứu hộ Trẻ em. Đối với vấn đề của tuần này, nữ diễn viên đã nói về những người phụ nữ ở Hollywood, quay ở New York cho cô gái G Rum Girl, vụng trộm và những gì cô ấy tìm kiếm trong một vai diễn.	Legit
Celebrity	Nicole Kidman Cuối cùng cũng thừa nhận Botox	Theo như chúng tôi có thể nói, Botox đứng đầu danh sách những thú vui tội lỗi của người nổi tiếng: Mọi người đều làm điều đó, nhưng không ai nói về điều đó. Ngoại trừ Nicole Kidman, đó là.	Legit
Celebrity	Tom Cruise lúng túng đặt câu hỏi về con gái Suri	Tom Cruise lịch sự trả lời một câu hỏi về con gái Suri tại buổi ra mắt Xác ướp của anh đêm qua, nhưng dường như không đủ thoải mái khi nói về cô để giải thích câu trả lời.	Legit
Celebrity	Vâng, Kim Kardashian và Kanye est đang ký một Prenup, nhưng Guess ho là chính xác hơn	Việc Kim Kardashian và Kanye est lên kế hoạch ký một thỏa thuận tiền hôn nhân có lẽ sẽ không gây ngạc nhiên cho nhiều người, nhưng những tuyên bố gần đây về người có giá trị hơn có lẽ sẽ có.	Legit
Celebrity	Caitlyn Jenner: những tin đồn sai lệch xung quanh cô, mối quan hệ gia đình căng thẳng và cuốn hồi ký thẳng thắn của cô Đọc trên đây -	RadarOnline đã xuất bản một câu chuyện về Caitlyn, tuyên bố rằng ngôi sao truyền hình thực tế chuyển giới và cựu thành viên đang lên mạng để khám phá khả năng tình dục của cô và đã được thưởng thức một số 'bí mật trên mạng'. Định nghĩa của 'hookups' chưa được làm rõ trong câu chuyện. Nhưng báo cáo nói rằng Caitlyn Jenner đã tham gia vào các mối tình lãng mạn trực tuyến mà không có bất kỳ tương tác ngoại tuyến nào với khách hàng. Tờ báo lá cải đã trích dẫn một người trong cuộc nói:	Legit
Celebrity	Nữ diễn viên Aquaman Nicole Kidman và Amber Heard thù hận trên phim trường DC?	James an bắt đầu quay phim cho Aquaman ở Úc vào tháng trước. Hile Jason Momoa và nữ diễn viên Mera Amber Heard đã quay cảnh đầu tiên của họ cùng nhau, nữ diễn viên Nữ hoàng Atlanna Nicole Kidman đã đạt được vài ngày trước. Sau khi cô hạ cánh, đã có những tia lửa thù hận trên trường quay.	Fake
Celebrity	Chelsea Handler nghĩ rằng 'Thật điên rồ' Mọi người nghĩ Jennifer Aniston quan tâm đến việc chiếc mũ đang diễn ra giữa Angelina Jolie và Brad Pitt	Tiếng cười là liều thuốc tốt nhất khi đối phó với những tin đồn ở Hollywood, ít nhất là đối với Chelsea Handler và bestie Jennifer Aniston.	Legit
Celebrity	Chelsea Handler không có gì hay để nói về Ben Affleck (ĐỘC QUYỀN)	Hoes over bros Rõ ràng, diễn viên hài Chelsea Handler dành câu thần chú đó vì cô sẵn sàng xé nát người bạn thân nhất của mình, người yêu cũ của Jennifer Garner, Ben Affleck. Người đàn ông 42 tuổi này là TeamJen 100 phần trăm trong cuộc chia tay Ben / Jen - và thành thật mà nói, bạn có thể đổ lỗi cho cô ấy không? In Touch có tin sốt dẻo về chính xác những gì Chelsea có trong cửa hàng cho ngôi sao Argo.	Fake
Celebrity	Giải Oscar: Mel Gibson, Casey Affleck và Thang trượt hình phạt đạo đức của Hollywood	"Nhà vệ sinh nam của Nhà hát Landmark ở est LA là nơi tốt nhất để đánh giá tình cảm thực sự của cử tri Oscar. Sau một buổi trình diễn của Hacksaw Ridge vài ngày thứ bảy trước, tôi thấy mình rửa tay bên cạnh hai quý ông - cả hai dường như khoảng 63, tuổi trung bình của các thành viên Viện hàn lâm, với một người đội mũ Kung Fu Panda 2 (loại mũ một người đàn ông trưởng thành không mặc trừ khi anh ta làm việc trên phim) thảo luận về những gì họ vừa thấy. ""Không muốn như thế nhưng ..."", người đàn ông đầu tiên nói, bỏ đi. ""Nhưng Mel có thể chỉ đạo,"" người bạn kết thúc."	Legit
Celebrity	Vanessa Lachey phá vỡ sự im lặng giữa những tin đồn thù hận 'D TS'	Bộ đôi nhảy này đang cố gắng tìm nhịp điệu của họ.	Legit
Celebrity	Thảm họa biên tập 220M của George Clooney - Prenup Feud, Danh sách khách mời Flub Planner Quit	Lễ cưới sắp tới của George Clooney với vị hôn thê Amal Alamuddin trở thành thảm họa - một cặp vợ chồng đã cãi nhau, lo lắng về một danh sách khách mời và kế hoạch đám cưới của họ bỏ cuộc - và cặp đôi thậm chí không thể đi xuống	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian nói chuyện thay thế	Cô ấy đang mong đợi đứa con thứ ba của mình thông qua người thay thế.	Fake
Celebrity	Phẫu thuật thẩm mỹ bí mật của Janet Jackson	Janet Jackson mệt mỏi vì giấu bàn tay bà già khô héo của mình dưới tay áo dài và găng tay - vì vậy bây giờ cô ấy đang trang điểm cho họ	Fake
Celebrity	Người cha mới Ryan Gosling ngậm điếu thuốc khi anh đóng bộ phim mới The Nice Guys	Ryan Gosling trên trường quay bộ phim mới 'The Nice Guys' ở Atlanta ngày hôm qua [AKM-GSI]	Legit
Celebrity	Truyền thông xã hội gây nghiện Kim Kardashian bị đánh đập vì bỏ qua quy tắc không có điện thoại tại phiên bản của Serena illiams	Một người trong cuộc nói với chúng tôi rằng một người giữ trẻ đã theo dõi ngôi sao truyền hình thực tế để đảm bảo cô ấy tôn trọng các quy tắc. Chắc chắn đám cưới của Serena illiams và Alexis Ohanian là một điều đáng nhớ và Kim Kardashian cũng ở đó. Nhưng như chúng ta đã biết, Keeping Up with the Kardashians celeb gặp khó khăn khi tránh xa phương tiện truyền thông xã hội quá lâu.	Fake
Celebrity	Nicole Kidman quyến rũ thoải mái qua một bình luận về nụ hôn của Alexander Skarsgård tại Emmys	"À, Nicole Kidman và Keith Urban. Cô, một người cố định phim Úc đã từng kết hôn với người đàn ông hàng đầu Hollywood. Anh ấy, một ca sĩ nhạc đồng quê người Úc có trái tim ở Columbia. Cùng nhau họ là một cặp đôi quyền lực hai bờ biển, hai quốc gia, hai lục địa. Tiếp tục, xem họ đi xuống bất kỳ thảm đỏ nào cùng nhau và cố gắng không bị ảnh hưởng. Họ là hai nhà máy quyến rũ, họ đưa ra những lựa chọn tóc đặc biệt Một cách yêu thương, mọi người đều thích, mũ nón? Huh? Trên môi?"""	Legit
Celebrity	ATCH: Marla Maples của Donald Trump có cảm xúc về cuộc sống như một bà mẹ đơn thân khi khiêu vũ với các ngôi sao	"""Tôi chỉ coi việc có một đứa con là món quà tuyệt vời nhất trên thế giới"", vợ cũ của Donald Trump nói trong clip xem trước Dancing with the Stars dành riêng cho NHÂN DÂN. ""Mỗi một khoảnh khắc, tốt, thử thách, vui vẻ, đau đớn, tất cả đều rất quan trọng."""	Legit
Celebrity	Cập nhật 'Fifty Shades Darker': Jamie Dornan, Dakota Johnson chia tay sau khi gây thù hận trên phim trường; Phát hành phim bị trì hoãn?	Fifty Shades Darker hiện có thể gặp rắc rối với mối thù truyền kiếp giữa các thành viên diễn viên Jamie Dornan và Dakota Johnson.	Fake
Celebrity		Kylie 'Fuming' Over 'Copycat' Sister Kim's Launch	Fake
Celebrity	Madonna ant gửi Rocco nổi loạn đến trường quân sự?	Lý do tại sao con trai của Madonna, Rocco, chốt cho nhà của cha mình đang trở nên rõ ràng hơn. Có vẻ như Madonna ở nhà nghiêm khắc hơn một chút so với người ta tưởng tượng, và cô muốn gửi con trai Rocco đến trường quân đội. Rocco Ritchie, 15 tuổi, không muốn đi và trong chuyến lưu diễn với Madonna, anh đã chạy đi sống với cha mình.	Fake
Celebrity	Tyga tiết lộ chi tiết về việc chia tay Kylie Jenner	Trong một cuộc phỏng vấn mới với Big Boy TV, Tyga - một tháng sau khi chia tay với Kylie Jenner - đã tiết lộ thông tin mới về những gì dẫn đến sự sụp đổ của cặp đôi.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian 'Dị ứng' với đồ trang sức sau vụ cướp Paris thảm khốc	Mặc dù đã được một thời gian kể từ đó và tất cả chúng ta đều nghĩ rằng ngôi sao truyền hình thực tế tốt hơn rất nhiều, nhưng có vẻ như vụ cướp kinh hoàng ở Paris vẫn còn rất nhiều trong tâm trí của Kim Kardashian.	Fake
Celebrity	Kris Jenner quan tâm đến các thế hệ tương lai của Kardashians	Kris Jenner, mẹ của sáu và bà ngoại đến sáu tuổi, là một người mẫu giáo bận rộn. Kể từ khi bắt đầu chương trình thực tế của gia đình cô vào năm 2007, rõ ràng là cô đã tập trung một mắt vào rạp xiếc truyền hình thực tế và mắt còn lại về việc rạp xiếc đó ảnh hưởng đến gia đình cô như thế nào. Trong một cuộc thảo luận trên truyền hình thực tế mới với The Hollywood Reporter, Jenner nói rằng cô lo lắng về việc sáu đứa cháu của mình sẽ bị ảnh hưởng như thế nào bởi công việc kinh doanh của gia đình.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber hỏi 'Taylor Swift hat Up' trong Pic ith Kanye est	"Tôi không chắc nó có ý nghĩa gì, nhưng vào sáng thứ Ba (2 tháng 8) Justin Bieber đã gợi ra hơn 85.000 bình luận chỉ trong vòng chưa đầy sáu giờ để chụp một chiếc kính râm kiểu tròn John Lennon, FaceTiming không ai khác ngoài Kanye est Nhưng đó là chú thích có Internet suy đoán: ""Taylor nhanh lên,"" Bieber viết."	Legit
Celebrity	'Diễn viên thứ hai' Diễn viên Milo Ventimiglia Jennifer Lopez Không ai có thể kiểm soát cảm xúc của họ	Hãy sẵn sàng cho một trong những cặp đôi phim hot nhất từ trước đến nay ... và đó là một điều khá bất ngờ, Milo Ventimiglia, người hâm mộ cuồng nhiệt trên truyền hình vừa ký hợp đồng với bộ phim hài lãng mạn sắp tới của Jennifer Lopez, và có vẻ như chúng ta sẽ thấy một số tia lửa bay giữa chúng. Milo Ventimiglia sẽ đóng vai bạn trai của J. Lo trong bộ phim mới, theo Variety, và tin tức casting đã khiến người hâm mộ của hai ngôi sao rung chuyển.	Legit
Celebrity	Kevin Hart Begs ife Eniko Parrish vì sự tha thứ đó là 250000 Quà tặng đẩy	Kevin Hart đang tự nói với bản thân mình - không có gì nói rằng tôi xin lỗi vì đã lừa dối và làm nhục bạn như một món quà 250.000.	Fake
Celebrity	Chris Pratt Snub Justin Bieber Tình bạn	Các ngôi sao cầu nguyện cùng nhau chơi? Không, nếu họ là Justin Bieber và Chris Pratt	Fake
Celebrity	Leah Remini bật mí về tình bạn của cô ấy, Jennifer Lopez và sự kết nối khoa học	Jennifer Lopez và cựu nhà khoa học Leah Remini là những người bạn tốt nhất. Họ đã biết nhau được vài năm và đã trải qua rất nhiều. Hãy đến những gì có thể, tình bạn của họ thấm qua. Dường như Leah là người duy nhất có kết nối với Nhà thờ Khoa học, nhưng thực tế không phải vậy.	Fake
Celebrity	Hoàng tử illiam Kate tham dự bữa tiệc Royal Garden đầu tiên của mùa	thời tiết ấm áp đến một điều: tiệc vườn	Legit
Celebrity	Cameron Diaz	Sơ yếu lý lịch	Fake
Celebrity	Kevin Hart và ife Eniko Parrish Chia sẻ những bức ảnh ngọt ngào của bé Kenzo	Kevin Hart và vợ Eniko Parrish đã chia sẻ một bức ảnh đáng yêu về đứa con mới sinh của họ, Kenzo Kash Hart, và cha mẹ không thể giúp đỡ	Legit
Celebrity	Feuds lớn nhất và chiến đấu bao giờ hết	Costar xung đột với những người nổi tiếng vẫn chuyên nghiệp khi các máy quay đang quay, phía sau hậu trường có những trận đấu, khóc và trợn mắt. Họ đã bị buộc phải làm việc cùng nhau trong một vài mùa của một chương trình truyền hình ăn khách hoặc một vài tháng cho một bộ phim, những ngôi sao này dường như không thể hòa hợp với nhau.	Fake
Celebrity	Caitlyn Jenner: Robert Kardashian tin rằng OJ Simpson phạm tội giết người	"Cuốn hồi ký sắp tới của Caitlyn Jenner, The Secrets of My Life, được quảng cáo là cuốn sách mà cô ""phản ánh về quá khứ của mình khi cô nhìn về tương lai của mình."" Cô ấy chạm vào một số chủ đề, chẳng hạn như chiến thắng Olympic của cô ấy và ba cuộc hôn nhân thất bại, tiết lộ mà Robert Kardashian đã cáo buộc nói với cô rằng anh ta tin rằng OJ Simpson có tội giết Nicole Brown Simpson và Ronald Goldman đang làm dậy sóng."	Legit
Celebrity	Tuyên bố Anne Hathaway đưa ra yêu cầu 'diva' tại sự kiện từ thiện	ANNE Hathaway đã bị buộc tội hành động như một diva và gửi một danh sách dài các yêu cầu trước một sự kiện từ thiện ung thư ở Santa Monica hồi đầu tháng này.	Fake
Celebrity	QUEEN BEY Beyonce được Taylor Swift CẤM từ các VMA	Ngày 27 tháng 8 năm 2016: Trong trường hợp bạn đang tự hỏi ai là người quan trọng nhất trong âm nhạc - đó là BEYONCE. Đầu tuần này đã có thông báo rằng Taylor Swift sẽ KHÔNG được biểu diễn tại VMA Awards năm nay. Theo báo cáo, chính Beyonce đã bị Taylor cấm.	Fake
Celebrity	Kylie Jenner kỳ vọng là một 'kẻ liều lĩnh trong tình cảm' giấu giếm, tiết lộ nguồn - 'Cô ấy cảm thấy rất cô đơn'	Điều tồi tệ hơn nữa là sự giúp đỡ thực sự duy nhất của cô ấy, vợ chồng Kris Jenner không thực sự có thời gian để đối phó với bộ phim truyền hình của con gái út. Theo các báo cáo mới, sự căng thẳng của việc phải giữ thai của cô ấy dưới sự bọc lót đã và đang gây tổn hại cho Kylie Jenner, 20 tuổi.	Fake
Celebrity	Fifty Shades Darker news: Jamie Dornan tiết lộ SỰ THẬT đằng sau sự 'lúng túng' của Dakota Johnson	Ngôi sao của bộ phim DARKER Jamie Dornan đã tiết lộ mối quan hệ của anh với bạn diễn Dakota Johnson thực sự như thế nào - thừa nhận bộ phim đầu tiên hơi khó hiểu.	Legit
Celebrity	hoopi Goldberg Người dẫn chương trình mới Rosie O'Donnell At ar - Căng thẳng về 'The View', Cuộc chiến sắp xếp chỗ ngồi	Chỉ vài tuần nữa cho đến khi The View ra mắt với hoopi Goldberg và Rosie O'Donnell, RadarOnline.com đã biết rằng trên phim trường, hai diva đã sẵn sàng để biết ai sẽ có được vị trí điều hành.	Fake
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson và FKA Twigs tham dự Cannes trong His-and-Hers Dior	Robert Pattinson và FKA Twigs hiếm khi tuân thủ các quy tắc phong cách truyền thống, và khi đến lúc cặp đôi này đến Cannes, họ đã mang đến cho thảm đỏ một khoảnh khắc táo bạo của các cặp đôi. Khi nghe Dior của anh ấy và cô ấy tại buổi ra mắt bộ phim mới nhất của Pattinson, Good Time, họ đã cho thấy hai mặt của thương hiệu Pháp được lưu trữ, với Pattinson, một gương mặt của nhãn hiệu, trở nên cổ điển trong bộ đồ đen Dioromme ba mảnh và Cành cây chọn cho sự táo bạo trong một chiếc váy có in bưu thiếp.	Legit
Celebrity	Chris Pratt và Anna Faris chắc chắn đang nuôi dạy một đứa trẻ nhà hát	Con trai bốn tuổi của Chris Pratt và Anna Faris, Jack, đang lớn lên trong một lớp học về nhà hát nhập vai. hen Pratt đã nói chuyện với Ellen DeGeneres trong chương trình trò chuyện vào thứ Sáu, anh ấy nói rằng anh ấy và Faris, cả hai đều là diễn viên chuyên nghiệp, làm cha mẹ, đặc biệt là thời gian kể chuyện, rất nghiêm túc.	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie về Campuchia 'thức tỉnh'	"Angelina Jolie đã nói về việc Campuchia là ""sự thức tỉnh"" của cô như thế nào, khi cô công chiếu bộ phim mới của mình ở nước này."	Legit
Celebrity		Bà bầu Kylie Jenner 'Rất tự giác' về cơ thể thay đổi của mình, cho biết nguồn	Fake
Celebrity	Giải thưởng Emmy ban ngày 2015: Betty hite, Ellen DeGeneres Nhiều người tham gia	Những người yêu thích truyền hình trỗi dậy và tỏa sáng Đã đến lúc ăn mừng điều tốt nhất vào ban ngày.	Legit
Celebrity	Laverne Cox và Rob Lowe hoan nghênh Caitlyn Jenner cho bài phát biểu của ESPYS	Những người nổi tiếng bao gồm LAVERNE COX, ROB LO E và RUSSELL SIMMONS đã đưa lên phương tiện truyền thông xã hội để chúc mừng CAITLYN JENNER vì bài phát biểu chấp nhận mạnh mẽ của cô tại ESPYS vào tối thứ bảy (15Jul15).	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce có một chuyến thăm bất ngờ từ Hillary Clinton	Hillary Clinton gần đây đã đến thăm Nữ hoàng ... Bey, đó là	Fake
Celebrity	"Leonardo DiCaprio cũng rất thích nhìn chằm chằm vào ""Salvator Mundi"", 100 triệu da Vinci"	Người ta thường không mong đợi tìm thấy Leonardo DiCaprio, Patti Smith, Alex Rodriguez và Jennifer Lopez trong cùng một bữa tiệc (tốt, hai người cuối cùng, có lẽ), nhưng cuối tuần này, cả bốn người trong số 4.500 người tham dự dự kiến đấu giá tại Christie. Ở đó, họ đã có cơ hội để mắt đến Salv Salvator Mundi, một bức tranh của Leonardo da Vinci trước đây bị cho là đã bị quảng cáo là Chuyện The Last da Vinci trộm dẫn đến buổi đấu giá tối nay.	Legit
Celebrity	Sự lãng mạn 'đáng xấu hổ' của Tom Hiddleston có phải Taylor Swift đã trả cho anh ta một công việc không?	"Sự lãng mạn của Yike, Tom Hiddleston và Taylor Swift (showmance?) Thực sự không có tác dụng mà các đội PR của họ đã hy vọng, với việc Tom bị mất một hợp đồng lớn do màn hình ""đáng xấu hổ""."	Fake
Celebrity	Người đàn ông mới của Scarlett Johansson đã xác nhận họ đang hẹn hò	Từ các biên tập viên của HelloGiggles	Legit
Celebrity	Kathy Griffin dự đoán sự nghiệp đã kết thúc, ông Trump nói 'đã phá vỡ tôi'	Diễn viên hài nổi tiếng Kathy Griffin nói rằng cô ấy không sợ Donald Trump và có kế hoạch tiếp tục chọc cười anh ấy nhưng vẫn cho rằng cô ấy xin lỗi vì một đoạn video miêu tả cô ấy giống như cái đầu đẫm máu, bị cắt đứt của tổng thống.	Legit
Celebrity	Sự trả thù đáng gờm Selena Gomez và Orlando Bloom đang nối lại để khiến Miranda Kerr và Justin Bieber ghen tị?	Cuối tuần này không phải là lần đầu tiên chúng tôi thấy Selena Gomez và Orlando Bloom cùng nhau, vậy bạn có thể trách chúng tôi vì đã suy đoán không ???	Fake
Celebrity	Kevin Hart và Eniko Parrish chào đón em bé	Diễn viên hài đã tweet hôm thứ ba rằng vợ anh, Eniko Parrish, đã sinh con trai của họ.	Legit
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson Cuối cùng đã có bộ phim thành công - Lời nguyền hoàng hôn? | Celeb Giặt bẩn	Robert Pattinson phấn khởi trước thành công của bộ phim sắp ra mắt, Good Good Time. Bộ phim được công chiếu tại Liên hoan phim Cannes và bộ phim và diễn viên đã nhận được sự hoan nghênh kéo dài sáu phút. Cũng có tiếng vang Oscar xung quanh Robert, với một số suy đoán anh có thể nhận được đề cử Nam diễn viên xuất sắc nhất.	Fake
Celebrity	Jim Carrey trên hành tinh khác nghĩ rằng loài bò sát ngoài hành tinh cai trị trái đất	Truyện tranh Jim Carrey bí mật là tín đồ của một kẻ âm mưu kooky, người tin rằng các loài bò sát ngoài hành tinh điều hành thế giới Ngay cả nuttier, ngôi sao Dumb và Dumber có kế hoạch công khai với cam kết của mình để đánh bại lý thuyết kỳ quái của David Icke	Fake
Celebrity	Hướng dẫn thời trang lớn của Victoria Beckham: Posh Spice viết cuốn sách nói với Brits cách ăn mặc	Posh chuẩn bị phát hành cuốn sách vào năm tới để đánh dấu 10 năm trong ngành kinh doanh thời trang. Nhà thiết kế chuyển giới Spice Girl được cho là đã hợp tác với biên tập viên tạp chí Vogue Hoa Kỳ Anna intour. Cặp đôi này đã trở thành bạn thân trong những năm gần đây, với intour được cho là động lực đằng sau hướng dẫn.	Fake
Celebrity	Mehgan James lên tiếng về tin đồn hẹn hò của Rob Kardashian	"Rob Kardashian đã tìm thấy một tiếng la ó mới trong Bad Girls Club alum Mehgan James? Các phương tiện truyền thông đã bắt đầu đưa tin vào tuần trước rằng Rob và Mehgan đang ở ""giai đoạn đầu"" trong mối quan hệ của họ, với một người trong cuộc giấu tên nói với In Touch, ""Rob đã nhìn thấy Mehgan James trong gần ba tháng, và hầu hết những người Kardashian rất buồn về điều đó bởi vì Mehgan nổi tiếng là mất kiểm soát và không ổn định. Người Kardashian muốn Rob tìm một người phụ nữ tốt bụng và bình tĩnh. """	Legit
Celebrity	Là Leonardo DiCaprio mất hứng thú với cuộc sống tình yêu giữa cuộc khủng hoảng giữa cuộc đời?	Tên của ngôi sao Titanic gần đây đã bị một tạp chí lôi kéo và tuyên bố ngôi sao 43 tuổi đang trở nên chống đối xã hội từng ngày.	Fake
Celebrity	Kris Jenner vừa phá vỡ sự im lặng của cô ấy khi mang thai của Kylie	Nếu bạn chưa biết rằng Kylie Jenner đang mang thai, tốt, hãy để tôi là người đầu tiên nói với bạn: Kylie Jenner đang mang thai	Legit
Celebrity	Sour Note Zayn Buộc vào Disetous Duet ith Taylor	RadarOnline.com đã học được bản song ca Fifty Shades Darker của Zayn Malik và Taylor Swift chỉ xuất hiện sau khi anh buộc phải hợp tác với siêu sao.	Fake
Celebrity	Brad Pitt cố gắng mỉm cười tại sự kiện Hollywood, Cileody Battle Ear Him Down	Sau một cuộc chiến dài tại tòa án với người vợ cũ Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt đã xuất hiện với một hào quang thư giãn và mỉm cười ở Malibu vào tối thứ Bảy.	Fake
Celebrity	"Julia Roberts và Daniel Moder có thể đứng đầu ly hôn: ""Các vấn đề cứ chồng chất"""	Nói không phải vậy	Fake
Celebrity	Kiến Kendall Jenner sẽ thoát khỏi tộc Kardashian	Kendall Jenner đã sẵn sàng để chuyển đến từ gia đình nổi tiếng In Touch của cô đã biết rằng người mẫu 18 tuổi muốn rời khỏi Kardashians để tiếp tục sự nghiệp của mình.	Fake
Celebrity	Jessica Simpson nháy mông cho sinh nhật của Eric Johnson: Pic	Ít hơn là Jessica Simpson đã tổ chức sinh nhật lần thứ 38 của chồng Eric Johnson bằng cách chia sẻ một lời khen ngợi tuyệt vời cho Instagram vào Chủ nhật, ngày 17 tháng 9.	Legit
Celebrity	Trại của Melania từ chối báo cáo 'giường riêng' của eekly	Melania Trump đã ban hành lệnh điều hành của riêng mình: Cô từ chối chia sẻ giường với Donald Trump.	Legit
Celebrity	Mariah Carey trong các cuộc đàm phán cho The X Factor - báo cáo	Mariah Carey đang đàm phán để tham gia ban giám khảo The X Factor.	Legit
Celebrity	Những đứa trẻ của Chris Hemsworth, Charlize Theron đã chơi cùng nhau trên bộ 'Huntsman'	Một vở kịch khá tuyệt vời Chris Hemsworth và Charlize Theron tiết lộ rằng cả hai đã đưa con của họ đi làm trong khi họ đang quay The Huntsman: inter's ar, và nó đã thay đổi hoàn toàn động lực của bộ phim.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston: Tôi không phải là 'Người buồn, trẻ con'	Jennifer Aniston không nghi ngờ gì về việc chồng Justin Theroux là người dành cho cô.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston muốn thành lập một trung tâm chăm sóc sức khỏe	Jennifer Aniston muốn mở một trung tâm chăm sóc sức khỏe trong tương lai. Các không gian sẽ điều trị nhà, cũng như một quán cà phê khỏe mạnh.	Legit
Celebrity	Brad Pitt văn bản Jennifer Aniston không ngừng nghỉ: Tìm kiếm sự hỗ trợ cảm xúc mãnh liệt sau khi Angelina Jolie ly hôn | Celeb Giặt bẩn	Brad Pitt và Jennifer Aniston được cho là đã liên lạc lại qua việc nhắn tin, mặc dù các nguồn tin từ cả hai phía đang rơi vào nhau để làm rõ rằng đó là 'chỉ nhắn tin' và không có gì nghiêm trọng hơn.	Fake
Celebrity	mũ Cher thực sự ăn trong một ngày để ở lại rất phù hợp không thể tin được	Tại lễ trao giải âm nhạc Billboard, Cher đã lên sân khấu để biểu diễn hai bản hit hay nhất của mình và chúng tôi đã rất ngạc nhiên khi người nhận giải thưởng Biểu tượng Billboard đáng kinh ngạc ở tuổi 71.	Legit
Celebrity	Hoàng tử Kate Middleton illiam Cố gắng cứu vãn hôn nhân tan vỡ?	Nếu đúng, có tin đồn rằng đó có thể là bà ngoại của Hoàng tử Illiam. Nó đã được báo cáo trước đây rằng cô ấy không thích cách phổ biến của Kate.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift khóc trong buổi biểu diễn AMA đau lòng của Selena Gomez, nhận được một số ánh mắt nghiêm túc	"Taylor Swift đã xúc động rơi nước mắt bởi màn trình diễn đầu tay của ""The Heart ants hat It ants"" của Selena Gomez tại Lễ trao giải Âm nhạc Mỹ 2014."	Legit
Celebrity	Hoàng tử illiam và Kate Middleton Di chuyển ra khỏi Cung điện Kensington? | Celeb Giặt bẩn	Hoàng tử illiam và Kate Middleton đã nghĩ đến việc rời khỏi Cung điện Kensington. Đó là bởi vì illiam không muốn con của mình là Hoàng tử George và Công chúa Charlotte lớn lên sau những bức tường cung điện. Thay vào đó, anh muốn họ sống một cuộc sống ngoài ánh đèn sân khấu và càng xa các tay săn ảnh càng tốt.	Fake
Celebrity	"Brad Pitt là ""Vẫn còn liên lạc"", đó là Ex Jennifer Aniston sau khi Angelina Jolie ly hôn (BÁO CÁO)"	Nói về exes thân thiện	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye est's Next Move?	Có gì đó thiếu. Bạn có cảm nhận được nó không? Một sự xoắn nhẹ trong vũ trụ, nhanh chóng và tinh tế, nhưng một dấu hiệu rõ ràng cho thấy một cái gì đó trên thế giới chỉ thay đổi. À, đây là những gì mà Kanye est vừa xóa tài khoản Twitter và Instagram của anh ấy.	Legit
Celebrity	Dưới đây là cách Kim Kardashian est, Kanye est và North est Do eekend Style tại Trung tâm thương mại	Giữa các chuyến đi đến Paris Fashion eek và Ikea's HQ ở Thụy Điển, các este đã có một tuần bận rộn. Nhưng giống như hầu hết các gia đình, họ thích làm những ngày cuối tuần gần nhà hơn và đến thăm trung tâm mua sắm địa phương của họ ở Los Angeles ngày hôm qua, dừng lại ở orkshop Build-A-Bear trong việc phối hợp trang phục.	Legit
Celebrity	Miranda Lambert nghi thức đăng bài Yêu thương nhân kỷ niệm 2 năm với bạn trai Anderson East	Miranda Lambert đã đánh dấu kỷ niệm lần thứ hai của mình với Anderson East vào thứ ba bằng cách chia sẻ một bức ảnh ngọt ngào trên Instagram của cô ấy và cô ấy đã chia sẻ một nụ hôn.	Legit
Celebrity	YOUNG MA SAYS NICKI MINAJ LÀ 'JUST SHO ING LOVE, GIVING PROPS': ATCH	Nhận được đánh giá cao từ Nicki Minaj là mơ ước của bất kỳ ai, và nghệ sĩ đầu tiên của Fuse Young MA là người may mắn khi Minaj gọi vào chương trình radio Breakfast Club để nói về người mới nổi vào tháng 10.	Legit
Celebrity	Đây là chiếc mũ Justin Bieber đã làm thay vì đi đến giải Grammy	Mặc dù kiếm được bốn đề cử cho album Purpose, Justin Bieber không có kế hoạch tham dự lễ trao giải Grammy năm nay. Tuy nhiên, thay vì ngồi ở nhà một mình, anh quyết định ra ngoài ăn sushi và đưa người hâm mộ đi theo trên Instagram Story của mình. .	Legit
Celebrity	mũ Jennifer Lopez vừa được tiết lộ với Ellen về Drake hẹn hò với những người đàn ông trẻ tuổi	"Jennifer Lopez dừng lại ở ""Ellen DeGeneres Show"", nơi Ellen đưa cô lên ghế nóng để hỏi về mối quan hệ của cô với Drake và tin đồn cô thích hẹn hò với những người đàn ông trẻ tuổi."	Legit
Celebrity	Gwen Stefani đang trở lại 'The Voice', nhưng còn Miley Cyrus thì sao?	"Gwen Stefani đã sẵn sàng trở lại ghế nóng trong ""The Voice"", nhưng cô ấy đang giật chiếc ghế của ai?"	Legit
Celebrity	Tin đồn ild: Justin Bieber đã hủy chuyến đi mục đích của mình để bắt đầu nhà thờ của riêng mình	"Justin Bieber đã gây sốc cho cộng đồng Belieber trên toàn thế giới ngày hôm qua khi anh đột ngột hủy bỏ phần còn lại của chuyến lưu diễn Purpose. Bieber đã có 14 chương trình còn lại, bao gồm một số ở Mỹ và châu Á. Một nhiếp ảnh gia đã bắt được Biebs ngày hôm qua ở LA và anh ta giải thích rằng anh ta chỉ cần nghỉ ngơi sau 16 tháng lưu diễn. ""Ừ, mọi thứ đều ổn, ừ"", anh nói với người đàn ông trên máy ảnh. ""Tôi đã lưu diễn được hai năm. Đó là [một quãng đường dài], vâng. Vâng, [tôi đang mong chờ] được nghỉ ngơi, thư giãn, tôi sẽ đi xe đạp."""	Legit
Celebrity	'Tôi đã la ó quá nhiều': Brad Pitt nói về việc tách khỏi Angelina Jolie	"Brad Pitt đã tiết lộ rằng anh ta đã ""la ó quá nhiều"" và kể về việc anh ta đã ngủ trên sàn nhà của một người bạn trong sáu tuần sau khi chia tay Angelina Jolie vì ""quá buồn"" khi trở về nhà."	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian đang cố gắng đánh cắp tiền của Kanye est thông qua kế hoạch xây dựng Prenup?	Có phải Kim Kardashian đang cố đánh cắp tiền của Kanye est cùng với sự nổi tiếng của anh ta? Theo một báo cáo mới từ Star, Kim đang đối xử với Kanye của mình như một giao dịch kinh doanh, đây có lẽ là một quyết định thông minh. Hãy thực tế - cuộc hôn nhân này sẽ kéo dài bao lâu? Hai năm? Năm năm? Cô ấy đã trải qua cuộc đua này một lần và cô ấy biết rằng cuối cùng, cô ấy sẽ nhận được tiền của Kanye nếu cô ấy chơi bài đúng cách. Câu hỏi duy nhất là - bao nhiêu?	Fake
Celebrity	Có phải Angelina Jolie Fake Maddox Jolie Pitt's Adoption? Bên trong các tuyên bố gây sốc	Angelina Jolie nổi tiếng với việc nhận nuôi những đứa trẻ từ khắp nơi trên thế giới, nhưng liệu cô có được con trai đầu lòng, Maddox, sử dụng tài liệu giả? Người cha Campuchia thực sự của Maddox đã đưa ra những tuyên bố gây sốc rằng Jolie không có quyền ủy quyền hợp pháp đối với cô gái 15 tuổi.	Fake
Celebrity	Katie Holmes và Jamie Foxx dường như đã bỏ đạo luật tàng hình của họ	Trong hơn bốn năm, những tin đồn đã vây quanh Katie Holmes, Jamie Foxx và mối tình lãng mạn dưới radar của họ. Đối với một cặp người rất nổi tiếng, họ đã cố gắng tránh máy ảnh từ lâu, mặc dù trong năm ngoái, họ dường như đã cố gắng ít hơn để che giấu, thậm chí phát hiện vào tháng 5 lên máy bay riêng ở Paris, nơi Foxx đang quay phim Robin Hood. Đồng thời, báo lá cải tuyên bố rằng hai người đã sẵn sàng để công khai.	Legit
Celebrity	Chủ nhà đêm khuya phản ứng với tin tức tạm tha của OJ Simpson	OJ Simpson đã được tạm tha vào thứ năm, sau khi ngồi tù gần chín năm vì tội cướp có vũ trang và tấn công bằng vũ khí, và truyền hình đêm khuya có rất nhiều điều để nói về nó.	Legit
Celebrity	Miley và Liam đánh nhau? Tin đồn sai lệch xoáy vào nhau trong một Prenup giả định	Miley Cyrus và Liam Hemsworth có đánh nhau không? Một báo cáo mới tuyên bố rằng Cyrus và Hemsworth đã có một cuộc chiến lớn về prenup được cho là của họ trong khi họ đang thực hiện kế hoạch đám cưới của họ.	Legit
Celebrity	Lady Gaga công bố phim tài liệu Netflix, nói về Madonna Feud	Lady Gaga đã sẵn sàng để mở. Ca sĩ của nhóm Jo Joanne có một bộ phim tài liệu thẳng thắn mang tên Gaga: Five Foot Two khởi chiếu trên Netflix vào ngày 22 tháng 9.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian không chúc mừng Beyonce về tin tức mang thai đôi trong khi BFF Chrissy Teigen xuất hiện để chế giễu thông báo của siêu sao	Ngôi sao thực tế đã không tham gia danh sách những ngôi sao tweet niềm vui của họ về tin vui của Bey	Legit
Celebrity	Có phải Beyonce đã sinh ra cặp song sinh của cô ấy? Báo cáo mới tuyên bố cô vừa làm	Có phải Beyonce vừa sinh đôi? Tin đồn đã bay rằng Nữ hoàng Bey đã hạ sinh một bé trai quý giá và một cô gái đáng yêu vào thứ Bảy ngày 20 tháng 5, theo một báo cáo mới thú vị	Fake
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie mở ra cho mọi người về năm 'Khó khăn' của cô: 'Tôi mạnh mẽ hơn một chút'	Nhiều điều đã thay đổi trong năm qua trong cuộc đời của Angelina Jolie, nhưng có một điều vẫn không đổi - sự cống hiến của cô cho các con.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian: Sách dạy nấu ăn khỏa thân trên ay ??	Không phải ai cũng là fan của Kim Kardashian và / hoặc những cuốn sách cô giả vờ viết.	Fake
Celebrity	Keith Urban Ghen tị: Nicole Kidman thừa nhận cô ấy đã bắt đầu HBO đóng vai Alexander Skarsgard vì tình yêu của cô ấy | Celeb Giặt bẩn	Nicole Kidman nói rõ rằng cô rất muốn Alexander Skarsgard được chọn vào vai chồng trong 'Big Little Lies'. Nicole đang tham gia loạt phim truyền hình mới của HBO cùng với Reese itherspoon, Shailene oodley và Laura Dern. Chương trình kể về ba bà mẹ cố gắng tiếp tục sau một bi kịch gần như phá hủy cuộc sống của họ.	Fake
Celebrity	Có phải Kendall, Kylie Jenner và Gigi, Bella Hadid hướng đến một mối thù khó chịu?	Nó trông giống như một trường hợp chiến tranh của anh chị em. Hai trong số bộ đôi anh chị em nổi tiếng nhất - Kendall, Kylie và Bella, Gigi - được cho là đang đứng trước mối thù khó chịu.	Fake
Celebrity	'Danh tiếng' của Taylor Swift: Tất cả những tin đồn về Joe Alwyn, Kanye est và Tom Hiddleston	Trong phần mở đầu của hai tạp chí có chủ đề Danh tiếng, có các bức ảnh, thơ và lời viết tay để chào mừng việc phát hành album thứ sáu, Swift than thở về những câu chuyện tin tức không thể tránh khỏi khi đoán mục tiêu của lời bài hát.	Legit
Celebrity	Katie Holmes và Jamie Foxx xuất hiện như một món đồ, sau khi 'Tom Cruise Ban' hết hạn	Bây giờ đây là một cái gì đó để thực sự nhảy lên xuống trên đi văng.	Fake
Celebrity	Kate Middleton mong muốn cứu hoàng tử illiam Hôn nhân: Không thể buông bỏ phong cách sống hoàng gia | Celeb Giặt bẩn	Kate Middleton có thể tức giận với chồng Hoàng tử illiam vì đã khiến gia đình họ xấu hổ vì nhảy và uống rượu kỳ lạ trong chuyến đi trượt tuyết của anh ấy, và tất cả những tin đồn gian lận, nhưng điều đó không có nghĩa là cô ấy sẽ sớm ly dị anh ta. Trên thực tế, Công tước và Nữ công tước xứ Cambridge đã cố gắng thuyết phục mọi người rằng họ vẫn yêu nhau điên cuồng trong chuyến đi tới Paris cuối tuần này.	Fake
Celebrity	"Rosie O FLEES CRAZY ""NHÀ IVES"" NEIGHBORS"	"Chạy ROSIE RUN - quay lại ngay vào ""The View"" HY?"	Fake
Celebrity	Julia Roberts âu yếm với Daniel Moder Trước lễ kỷ niệm lần thứ 15 của họ	Julia Roberts và chồng Daniel Moder bị phát hiện trong một chuyến đi chơi bình thường ở Malibu, CA, vào chiều thứ bảy. Cặp đôi đang trải qua 15 năm hôn nhân vào tháng 7, đã thể hiện tình yêu khi họ vòng tay ôm lấy nhau và Julia xuất hiện thì thầm điều gì đó vào tai của Danny. Chúng tôi chưa từng thấy cặp đôi này đi chơi cùng nhau kể từ tháng 11, Julia đã làm nên lịch sử vào tháng 4 khi cô ấy được đặt tên là oman nhân dân đẹp nhất lần thứ năm. Nó cũng được tiết lộ vào đầu tuần này rằng Julia sẽ trở lại màn ảnh rộng trong bộ phim chuyển thể từ The Bookseller của Crystal City Entertainment. Julia sẽ không chỉ đóng vai chính trong phim, mà cô ấy còn sản xuất dự án cùng với Lisa Gillan, Marisa Yeres Gill, Jonathan Rubenstein và Ari Pinchot.	Legit
Celebrity	Diva kỹ thuật số bên trong kết nối bí mật của Caitlyn Jenner	RadarOnline.com đã biết được rằng Caitlyn Jenner đang khám phá khả năng tình dục của cô ấy trên mạng và đã được thưởng thức một chuỗi các cuộc trò chuyện bí mật trên mạng.	Fake
Celebrity	Michelle Obama mở phẫu thuật thẩm mỹ, tiêm Botox	Khi đệ nhất phu nhân Michelle Obama chuẩn bị bước sang tuổi 50 vào thứ Sáu, bà sẽ không loại trừ việc sẽ hoàn thành một số công việc trên khuôn mặt trong tương lai.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyoncé phục vụ rất nhiều nụ cười khi Serena illiams phù hợp với Alexis Ohanian	Khi cô ấy nhìn thấy hai người, Crazy Crazy in Love, thì Bey Beyoncé không thể không mỉm cười.	Legit
Celebrity	Malia Obama đã Barack và Michelle khóc - Cô ấy có thể sống một mình ở thành phố New York không?	Malia Obama, 18 tuổi, đang thích nghi với cuộc sống mới bên ngoài Ngôi nhà hite và những thay đổi không dễ xử lý đối với cha mẹ nổi tiếng của cô - cựu Tổng thống Barack Obama và Đệ nhất phu nhân Michelle Obama.	Fake
Celebrity	Quá nhiều ngôi sao để đếm hỗ trợ đứng lên chống lại ung thư	Vô số ngôi sao bước ra sự kiện Hollywood Stands Up to Cancer ở LA vào tối thứ ba. Việc gây quỹ, được tổ chức bởi Reese itherspoon và chồng cô, Jim Toth, đã đưa ra những cặp đôi dễ thương như Diane Kruger và Joshua Jackson và Jessica Alba và Cash arren, cũng như Selena Gomez, Drew Barrymore và Gwyneth Paltrow. Bản thân Gwyneth là người ủng hộ lâu năm của chương trình Stand Up to Cancer kể từ khi cha cô, Bruce Paltrow, qua đời vì bệnh ung thư phổi năm 2002.	Legit
Celebrity	Dưới đây là cách Brad Pitt cảm nhận về Donald Trump với tư cách là Tổng thống	Là một người đàn ông miền Nam sinh ra ở Oklahoma và lớn lên ở Missouri, Brad Pitt bắt nguồn từ một nơi mà mọi người thường ủng hộ Donald Trump và cuộc điều hành của ông trong cuộc bầu cử Tổng thống năm 2016.	Legit
Celebrity	Tyga tiết lộ sự thật xấu xí về Kylie Jenner và Kardashians trong cuốn sách Tell-All mới, Người trong cuộc nói	"Tyga và Kylie Jenner đã đến Splitsville, theo E News, và có vẻ như mọi thứ có thể trở nên khá xấu xí trong tương lai gần. Mặc dù mối quan hệ được báo cáo đã kết thúc, nhưng có vẻ như cả hai đã kết thúc bằng những điều khoản thân thiện, và mọi thứ chỉ bắt đầu nóng lên. Theo Perez Hilton, Tyga được cho là đang có kế hoạch phát hành một cuốn sách nói cho tất cả sau khi chia tay lớn với Kylie. Những người trong cuộc gần gũi với rapper ""Make It Nasty"" đã bỏ một vài chi tiết về cuốn sách sắp được đồn đại."	Fake
Celebrity	Trại của Taylor Swift phủ nhận rằng ca sĩ sẽ ra mắt dịch vụ phát trực tuyến của riêng mình	Một nguồn tin thân cận với Taylor Swift đã thông báo từ chối các đề xuất rằng nữ ca sĩ chuẩn bị ra mắt dịch vụ phát trực tuyến của riêng mình.	Legit
Celebrity	Heidi Klum và Seal có cuộc hội ngộ thân thiện tại Billboard Music Awards 2016	Heidi Klum và Seal là mẫu mực của những người yêu cũ thân thiện tại Billboard Music Awar tối chủ nhật 2016.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber tự chọc mình sau khi bước ra với một dấu vết ướt	Tai nạn xảy ra, nhưng ngôi sao này không xin lỗi về điều đó.	Fake
Celebrity	Jane Fonda thực sự không muốn nói về phẫu thuật thẩm mỹ với Megyn Kelly	"Fonda xuất hiện cùng Robert Redford trên ""Megyn Kelly Today"" trên edesnday để quảng bá cho bộ phim mới của họ, ""Linh hồn của chúng ta vào ban đêm"". Nhưng cuộc phỏng vấn chỉ diễn ra trong vài phút khi Kelly chuyển cuộc trò chuyện với hai huyền thoại sang chủ đề lão hóa."	Legit
Celebrity	Halle Berry gây ra tin đồn mang thai sau khi khoe bụng bầu trên thảm đỏ	Halle Berry, 50 tuổi, đã làm dấy lên tin đồn cô đang mong đợi đứa con thứ ba của mình sau khi ra mắt thứ trông giống như một 'vết sưng của em bé' trên thảm đỏ tại Quả bóng bướm Chrysalis thường niên lần thứ 16 ở Los Angeles.	Fake
Celebrity	"Miley Cyrus suy ngẫm về cuộc chia tay của cô, Liam Hemsworth: ""Tôi như đang đi đúng hướng"""	"Miley Cyrus gần đây đã đánh rơi đĩa đơn mới, ""Malibu"", được truyền cảm hứng rõ ràng từ mối quan hệ đang nhen nhóm của cô với Liam Hemsworth, và trong một cuộc phỏng vấn với SiriusXM's 1 tại Hollywood vào đầu tuần này, ca sĩ 24 tuổi tiếp tục nói về cô. 2013 tách ra từ Liam. ""Tôi nghĩ - biết - rằng mọi thứ đang diễn ra đều có lý do chính đáng và tôi biết rằng khi chúng ta không ở bên nhau lần đầu tiên,"" Miley nói về lời khuyên mà cô sẽ dành cho bản thân trẻ hơn. ""Tôi không biết liệu đó có phải là kết thúc của nó hay là chúng tôi sẽ quay lại với nhau một lần nữa, nhưng biết rằng bất cứ nơi nào tôi đi, tôi đều đi đúng hướng."""	Legit
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus và Liam Hemsworth có lẽ đã bí mật kết hôn vào tháng 4 năm ngoái	"Vào tháng 9, Miley Cyrus nói với The Sun vào Chủ nhật rằng cô và chồng chưa cưới Liam Hemsworth không có kế hoạch đám cưới sớm. ""Tôi không hình dung hôn nhân"", cô nói với The Sun vào Chủ nhật. ""Tôi 24. Tôi hy vọng sẽ sống thêm một chút nữa. Tôi có quá nhiều việc phải làm [trước khi kết hôn]."" (Mẹ của cô Tish Cyrus cũng đưa ra quan điểm tương tự khi được hỏi về một cuộc bỏ trốn Miley-Liam được đồn đại vào tháng 6, quá.)"	Fake
Celebrity	Những hướng đi mới của One Direction: các dự án solo cho chúng ta biết điều gì?	Sáng nay, Liam Payne của One Direction đã đánh rơi Stripped Down, đĩa đơn đầu tay của anh, có thể được mô tả tốt nhất như một thứ chắc chắn tồn tại.	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner bị cấm từ NBA hơn 'Lời nguyền Kardashian'	Kendall Jenner hy vọng sẽ xem người đàn ông mới của cô chơi tại tòa án mùa này, nhưng ông chủ NBA đang chơi bóng cứng với người mẫu Leggy 21 tuổi	Fake
Celebrity	Josh Duhamel đã vượt qua Fergie 'trở thành một ngôi sao nhạc rock'	Josh Duhamel đã mệt mỏi với người vợ ngôi sao nhạc pop của mình, ông Fergie, tiệc tùng trước khi chia tay, chúng tôi được cho biết.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston lừa dối Brad Pitt ith Matt LeBlanc hận Đã kết hôn? - Báo cáo	Brad Pitt, 51 tuổi, có thể không phải là người duy nhất có đôi mắt lang thang trong cuộc hôn nhân với Jennifer Aniston, 46. Một cuộc phỏng vấn mới bùng nổ với cha của Matt LeBlanc, Paul LeBlanc, tiết lộ rằng nữ diễn viên thực sự lừa dối chồng sau đó với cô. Bạn bè là bạn diễn từ lâu trước khi Brad gặp Angelina Jolie, 40 tuổi, trên trường quay của ông bà Smith	Fake
Celebrity	Bí mật về vẻ ngoài không già của Ellen DeGeneres	"Chuyên gia trang điểm Pati Dubroff đã làm việc với Ellen DeGeneres trong các chiến dịch quảng cáo và thời trang lan tỏa khắp mọi nơi, vì vậy cô biết chính xác diện mạo nào sẽ hoạt động tốt nhất trên máy chủ chương trình talkshow cho Shape cover tự nhiên và được tô màu chỉ bằng một chút màu sắc. Cô ấy đã sử dụng một miếng bọt biển nêm ẩm để hoàn thiện làn da của người mẫu trang bìa của chúng tôi chỉ bằng một cú chạm của CoverGirl Simply Agless Che khuyết điểm và Corrector. ""Làn da của Ellen đã có một làn da sáng tự nhiên, vì vậy cô ấy không cần trang điểm nhiều"", Pati nói. Không phải tất cả chúng ta đều được ban phước với làn da trẻ trung như vậy, nhưng bạn có thể có được một làn da tuyệt vời như Ellen với những mẹo chống lão hóa từ chuyên gia trang điểm:"	Legit
Celebrity	Anna Faris cảm thấy không an toàn vì chồng ngoại tình với Jennifer Lawrence Chris Pratt có đáng trách không? - Tin đồn trực tiếp	Jennifer Lawrence, trái tim của hàng triệu chàng trai, gần đây đã khiến tất cả người hâm mộ của cô sốc. ell nó không có trong phim, mà từ tin tức; đúng hơn là chúng tôi nói một tin đồn có quan hệ tình cảm với Chris Pratt. Hầu hết tâm trí của chúng ta đóng băng vì những điểm nổi bật được cho là trong báo lá cải, nhưng sau đó cả hai đều bị từ chối một cách tinh vi. Theo lựa chọn của Jennifer, hiện tại cô đã chọn độc thân; trong khi Chris đã gắn liền với Anna Faris. Faris cảm thấy bất an vì tin tức giả mạo này thúc đẩy các tờ báo lá cải về tình yêu giữa chồng Chris và Jennifer. ell, có đúng hay không, chúng tôi sẽ đề cập đến nó trong bài viết này	Fake
Celebrity	Drake mời Taylor Swift ở lại nhà anh sau sự cố rình rập	"""Taylor [Swift] bị theo dõi và phát cuồng vì chuyện đó không hợp với Drake. Anh ấy thực sự nổi nóng rằng cô ấy có những kẻ điên rồ xâm nhập vào không gian cá nhân của mình, và anh ấy nói với cô ấy rằng anh ấy sẽ gửi một vài chàng trai của mình để giữ để mắt đến cô ấy và là vệ sĩ của cô ấy"	Fake
Celebrity	Đó là sự kết hợp nóng bỏng của Jennifer Lawrence Darren Aronofsky ALREADY	Jennifer Lawrence và Darren Aronofsky đã hạ nhiệt và tạm nghỉ sự lãng mạn mãnh liệt của họ, RadarOnline.com có thể tiết lộ độc quyền.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian thể hiện chứng rụng tóc gây sốc sau khi 'dựa vào dệt'	Cô khiến người hâm mộ xanh mặt vì ghen tị nhờ giảm cân sau khi mang thai.	Fake
Celebrity	Hoàng tử Harry đang di chuyển đến Mỹ để tìm một ife	Hoàng tử Harry đang di chuyển qua ao - và có kế hoạch lớn để tìm vợ ở Mỹ	Fake
Celebrity		Kanye est tức giận Taylor Swift đã tham khảo vụ cướp của Kim Kardashian trong video âm nhạc	Fake
Celebrity	rad Pitt tham dự buổi hòa nhạc từ thiện với Sting trong lần xuất hiện công khai hiếm hoi sau khi tách khỏi Angelina Jolie	Brad Pitt đã tái xuất trong ánh đèn sân khấu vào thứ bảy sau khi giữ một phong độ thấp trong nhiều tháng sau khi chia tay Angelina Jolie.	Legit
Celebrity	Câu chuyện bên lề của Brad Pitt: Anh ấy 'Không đánh' Maddox khi chiến đấu trên máy bay với Angelina Jolie 'Ra tay,' Nguồn nói	Brad Pitt đã không tấn công con trai Maddox của mình trong cuộc cãi vã giữa chuyến bay nóng bỏng với Angelina Jolie tuần trước, theo một nguồn tin có kiến thức về tình huống này.	Legit
Celebrity	Taylor Swift dành hàng triệu đô la cho bạn trai mới, Joe Alwyn: Tin tức sai hay đúng? | Celeb Giặt bẩn	Siêu sao nhạc pop Taylor Swift đang mua bạn trai mới Joe Alwyn bằng cách phung phí hàng triệu đô la vào người yêu theo một số báo cáo. Taylor luôn là người kiếm tiền lớn hơn trong tất cả các mối quan hệ của mình. Mặc dù những người bạn trai trong quá khứ như Jake Gyllenhaal, John Mayer, Tom Hiddleston và Calvin Harris là triệu phú, tài khoản ngân hàng của họ vẫn mờ nhạt so với con số trị giá 300 triệu ước tính của Taylor.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lawrence 'cởi trần và yêu cầu Kanye est tạo kiểu cho cô' sau khi uống năm ly martini tại nhà của Kris Jenner	Jennifer Lawrence đã khỏa thân trong tủ quần áo của Kris Jenner sau khi hạ năm martini.	Fake
Celebrity	Xin lỗi ASAP Rocky, Kendall Jenner có một kế hoạch tuyệt vọng để trở lại Harry Styles	Kendall Jenner đang hẹn hò với rapper ASAP Rocky, nhưng theo một nguồn tin, cô đã nghĩ ra kế hoạch giành lại người yêu cũ, Harry Styles Tất cả những gì cô phải làm là những gì cô làm tốt nhất - gửi ảnh khỏa thân	Fake
Celebrity	Kirsten Dunst bất ngờ rơi nước mắt tại Liên hoan phim Cannes	Cô đã được công nhận toàn cầu cho vai diễn trong Interview ith The Vampire ở tuổi 12, vì vậy cô không lạ gì với việc thu hút sự chú ý trên thảm đỏ.	Fake
Celebrity	Glenn Close phủ nhận rằng cô đã đưa Meryl Streep chơi Hillary Clinton	Quên những gì bạn đã nghe: Glenn Close đã không đưa Meryl Streep vào vai Hillary Clinton trong một bộ phim sắp tới về cựu Ngoại trưởng và cuộc đời của tổng thống.	Legit
Celebrity	AMAL CLOONEY LÀ NGƯỜI KHÁC NHẤT TUYỆT VỜI NHẤT TẠI LONDON	Bạn sẽ được tha thứ khi nghĩ rằng người phụ nữ quyền lực nhất ở London có thể là Nữ công tước xứ Cambridge, hoặc thậm chí là siêu mẫu Kate Moss. Trên thực tế, đó là cô dâu mới của George Clooney, người đã chiếm vị trí hàng đầu.	Legit
Celebrity	Kịch bản trong mơ? Kiến Khloe nhận nuôi con gái của Rob	Khloe Kardashian đã hình thành một mối liên kết mãnh liệt như vậy với cô cháu gái Dream, cô đã nói với anh trai Rob rằng cô muốn nhận nuôi cô, RadarOnline.com đã độc quyền tìm hiểu.	Fake
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner: hy Cô ấy đang bỏ 'KU TK' nhưng vẫn còn tự hào về chương trình spin-off của Kylie	Kendall Jenner tiếp tục xa cách với nền tảng chương trình thực tế khiến gia đình cô trở thành một gia đình, với các nguồn tin nhấn mạnh rằng người mẫu muốn có một sự nghiệp hợp pháp.	Fake
Celebrity	Bác sĩ phẫu thuật thẩm mỹ của Kylie Jenner có một thông điệp về chất làm đầy môi của cô ấy	Ghét mạng internet để tìm manh mối về việc Kylie Jenner có thể mang thai (cùng với việc mang thai của Khloé Kardashian và mang thai được xác nhận của Kim Kardashian), ít nhất một người đã tự hỏi, chất làm đầy môi nổi tiếng của ngôi sao thực tế là gì?	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner khóc vì phản ứng dữ dội của Pepsi trong buổi ra mắt 'Keeping Up ith the Kardashians'	Bạn có nhớ quảng cáo Kendall Jenner bị điếc của Pepsi hồi tháng Tư không? Một trong những điều khiến mọi người tức giận, bởi vì nó chiếm đoạt hình ảnh từ cuộc biểu tình của Black Lives Matter để bán soda?	Legit
Celebrity	Sự xuất hiện khi được phát hiện đang nắm tay nhau, đó là Justin Bieber's Ex	Nếu bạn là một độc giả cuồng nhiệt của Hoa Kỳ, có vẻ như chỉ có khoảng một chục người độc thân ở Hollywood, vì tất cả họ đều hẹn hò với nhau. Nó giống như sáu độ tách biệt với Kevin Bacon, chỉ dành cho những người có ảnh hưởng với sở thích tập luyện phù hợp với trà và eo, trong đó Scott Disick là nhân tố kết nối.	Fake
Celebrity	Victoria Beckham và Anna giới thiệu trong số những người có tên trong danh sách Năm mới	Tay vợt số một thế giới Andy Murray đã được phong tước hiệp sĩ trong Danh sách Danh dự Năm mới của Nữ hoàng - biến anh trở thành Ngài trẻ nhất nước Anh thời hiện đại - cùng với vận động viên Mo Farah và tay đua mặc quần áo Lee Pearson. Heptathlete Jessica Ennis-Hill và rower Kinda Grainger đã được đặt tên là dames.	Legit
Celebrity	Đây là hy vọng Taylor Swift đang bỏ qua Giải thưởng âm nhạc video MTV 2016	Có một khoảng trống trong biểu đồ chỗ ngồi của VMA năm nay, em yêu. Taylor Swift sẽ không tham dự Giải thưởng Video âm nhạc của MTV vào Chủ nhật, ngày 28 tháng 8, nhiều nguồn tin xác nhận với chúng tôi.	Legit
Celebrity	Obama nói rằng rời khỏi Malia ở trường đại học là 'Giống như phẫu thuật tim hở'	Sau khi Malia Obama rời trường đại học Harvard vào tháng trước, cha cô không thể cầm được nước mắt.	Legit
Celebrity	'Ghen tị' Kim cố gắng đánh cắp ánh đèn sân khấu của em bé Beyonce	Hôm qua, Bey Hive đã xôn xao về tin tức gây sốc của Beyonce, RadarOnline.com đã biết rằng Kim Kardashian đang bận rộn với kế hoạch của riêng mình để lấy lại ánh đèn sân khấu	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez và Alex Rodriguez đang hẹn hò, và những tin đồn đang nóng lên	Jennifer Lopez và người hùng bóng chày đã nghỉ hưu gần đây Alex Rodriguez đang hẹn hò, theo các báo cáo đã nổi lên cả tuần.	Legit
Celebrity		Bên trong kỳ nghỉ gia đình của Ben Affleck và Jennifer Garner ở Bahamas, hai tháng sau khi nộp đơn ly hôn	Legit
Celebrity	Kathy Griffin cảm thấy 'bị phản bội' bởi Anderson Cooper sau khi CNN nổ súng	Kathy Griffin vẫn tiếp tục cuộc thập tự chinh đầy thiện cảm sau khi vượt qua cơn bão chỉ trích vì bức ảnh cắt đầu khủng khiếp của Trump, các nguồn tin cho biết cô đang nói về việc Anderson Cooper thả cô ra khỏi chương trình CNN đêm giao thừa như một củ khoai tây nóng hổi.	Fake
Celebrity		Hite ngứa cảnh báo Angelina chống lại việc sử dụng phép thuật để thu hút Brad	Fake
Celebrity	ĐỘC QUYỀN: TẠI ĐÂY	Họ đã dành hai ngày qua để hỗ trợ Vương quốc Anh tại Đại hội Thể thao Khối thịnh vượng chung ở Glasgow, nhưng __ illiam__and __Kate__can mong chờ một tháng nghỉ xứng đáng vào tháng 8.	Legit
Celebrity	Hồi ức của Caitlyn Jenner được cho là phim chuyển thể, Rob Lowe có thể đóng vai cô	Báo cáo nói rằng nam diễn viên 'Làm thế nào để trở thành người yêu Latin' hiện đang đàm phán để đóng vai ngôi sao chương trình thực tế trong một bộ phim khả thi dựa trên cuốn hồi ký mới 'The Secrets of My Life'.	Fake
Celebrity	Là Jared Leto, 45 tuổi, đang nghiền nát Paris Jackson 19 tuổi?	Jared Leto để mắt đến một điều khá trẻ: Paris Jackson, 19 tuổi, bộ đôi này đã đi ngang qua bữa tiệc Harper's Bazaar các biểu tượng ở NYC vào ngày 8 tháng 9, nơi diễn viên 45 tuổi, chắc chắn đang chơi cho cô ấy, Mùi nói một người trong cuộc. Anh ấy đang nhìn thẳng vào mắt cô ấy khi cô ấy đang nói và họ đang đứng rất gần. Họ nói chuyện rất lâu và cô ấy đã cười rất nhiều. Tuy nhiên, người chiến thắng giải Oscar đã nổ ra, vì cuối cùng Paris cũng rời đi để ở bên bạn bè - mặc dù trước khi Jared hôn vào má cô ấy Thêm người trong cuộc: Rõ ràng là anh ta rất mê cô, chênh lệch tuổi tác.	Fake
Celebrity	'Nỗi sợ hãi bùng nổ' của Kim Kardashian 'Nếu Kanye est tranh cử tổng thống: Cô ấy' rất lo lắng '	"""Kanye [est] ngày càng nói nhiều hơn về việc bước chân vào chính trị, nhưng Kim [Kardashian] vô cùng do dự khi anh ta đi theo con đường đó. Cô ấy rất lo lắng về sự thù hận sẽ tập trung vào anh ta và gia đình họ nếu Ông đã ra tranh cử tổng thống. Trước khi xảy ra vụ cướp, cô không sợ hãi, nhưng giờ cô sống trong nỗi sợ hãi thường trực. Nếu Kanye ra tranh cử tổng thống, những nỗi sợ hãi đó sẽ bùng nổ "", một nguồn tin tiết lộ với HollywoodLife.com ĐỘC QUYỀN."	Fake
Celebrity	sự ngạc nhiên ngọt ngào của Barack Obama dành cho Michelle nhân kỷ niệm 25 năm của họ	Đã được biết đến với những tin nhắn ngọt ngào cho vợ vào ngày sinh nhật và ngày lễ, Barack Obama đã đi lễ kỷ niệm 25 năm ngày cưới với Michelle vào thứ ba.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian thuê nhóm để giúp cô ấy trở nên 'chính trị' hơn - 'Tôi không muốn nói thêm về các vấn đề chính trị'	Ngôi sao truyền hình thực tế gây tranh cãi thực sự muốn thay đổi danh tiếng của cô. Tôi đã học được rằng Kim Kardashian muốn có một hình ảnh chính trị hơn nhiều và cô ấy đã thực hiện những bước đầu tiên theo hướng đó.	Fake
Celebrity	PICS ĐỘC QUYỀN: Những bức ảnh đầu tiên về Ariana Grande kể từ khi Manchester tấn công	Một Ariana Grande tình cảm đã được phát hiện lần đầu tiên kể từ sau vụ tấn công khủng bố tại buổi hòa nhạc ở Manchester của cô vào thứ Hai khi cô đi xuống ở quê nhà của mình ở Boca Raton, Florida.	Fake
Celebrity	'Đó là một thời gian dài sắp tới': Heidi Klum kết thúc cuộc hôn nhân kéo dài 7 năm vì 'tính khí núi lửa' của Seal	Seal và Heidi Klum khẳng định việc chia tay của họ là 'thân thiện' ngày hôm qua mặc dù các báo cáo cho rằng siêu mẫu không còn có thể chịu đựng được Nụ hôn từ khí chất núi lửa của ca sĩ Rose.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston trong khoảnh khắc chính xác Cô ấy đã gặp phải tin đồn mang thai	"Vào tháng 7, Jennifer Aniston đã mạnh mẽ lên tiếng chống lại những tin đồn mang thai lá cải liên tục về cô đã lan truyền trong nhiều năm qua, trong một bản op-ed cho Huffington Post. ""Đối với hồ sơ, tôi không có thai,"" cô viết trong đó. ""mũ tôi chán ngấy"	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian est xác nhận em bé trên đường	"Kim Kardashian est đã tweet một đoạn clip vào thứ năm từ một quảng cáo cho phần mới của loạt E của gia đình cô ""Keeping Up ith the Kardashians."""	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez và Jennifer Aniston Ngày đôi: Nhận xét của Jen về eeknd ere Lies	Selena Gomez hiện đang hẹn hò với The eeknd. Bạn thân của cô, Jennifer Aniston, rất ủng hộ cô nhưng mối quan hệ của họ đôi khi bị nhắm đến bởi những người mong muốn tin đồn.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Jay-Z Thuê Đội Dịch vụ Bí mật của Tổng thống Obama	Họ đã có 99 vấn đề, nhưng an ninh không phải là một Beyoncé và Jay-Z đã hỏi chi tiết dịch vụ bí mật của cựu Tổng thống Barack Obama để giúp bảo vệ gia đình họ sau khi chào đón cặp song sinh Rumi và Sir vào tháng trước.	Fake
Celebrity	Xếp hạng 'Megyn Kelly hôm nay' Không phải tất cả ánh nắng cho máy chủ buổi sáng mới của NBC	Theo báo cáo, chủ nhà của nó đã kiếm được mức lương 17 triệu một năm và một bộ mới đã được xây dựng trong trụ sở Rockefeller Plaza của NBC tại Midtown Manhattan, Tweets Megyn Kelly Today. Mất người xem, về lâu dài, sẽ là một vấn đề.	Legit
Celebrity	Cher: Sẵn sàng để chết	Nhịp đập không còn tiếp tục cho CHER.	Fake
Celebrity		Taylor Swift dường như khỏa thân trong video âm nhạc mới	Legit
Celebrity	Bên trong Rob K. Mehgan James 'Romance: hy His Fam' 'Không chấp thuận' '	CẬP NHẬT: Khi các báo cáo mới tiếp tục lộ diện về mối quan hệ của Rob Kardashian với Mehgan James, cả hai đã đưa lên phương tiện truyền thông xã hội để cân nhắc về vấn đề này.	Fake
Celebrity	Katie Holmes về việc tái lập vai trò Jacqueline Kennedy	"Katie Holmes đang tái hiện vai trò Jacqueline Kennedy của mình cho loạt phim nhỏ mới, ""The Kennedys: After Camelot""."	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez và The eeknd Nắm tay nhau cho một cuộc dạo chơi lãng mạn ở Argentina	Đó không phải là một ngày cô đơn cho The eeknd.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber rõ ràng đã viết một cuốn 'Kinh thánh tình yêu' về Selena Gomez, và nó ngọt ngào nhưng siêu kỳ lạ	Đã có nhiều báo cáo về việc Justin Bieber dành thời gian ở nhà thờ trong vài tháng qua, nhưng điều chúng tôi không nhận ra đó không phải là bất kỳ nhà thờ cũ nào mà anh ta đến thăm - đó là nhà thờ của các mối quan hệ trong quá khứ.	Fake
Celebrity	"mối quan hệ ""Rất bình thường"" của Taylor Swift và Joe Alwyn"	"Taylor Swift và Joe Alwyn hiện đang thực hiện mối quan hệ riêng tư: Họ chưa từng bước ra công khai cùng nhau và cách duy nhất Swift nói về bạn trai người Anh gần một năm của mình là qua bài hát (""Có sẵn sàng cho điều đó không?"" Và "" Tuyệt đẹp, ""theo người hâm mộ). Nhưng chúng tôi eekly có một báo cáo về cách mọi thứ đang diễn ra trong hai ngày này. Alwyn và Swift là những người rất yêu nhau, một nguồn tin nói với cửa hàng."	Legit
Celebrity	Độc quyền OK: Lindsay Lohan có kế hoạch chuyển đến Nga sau khi cô ấy chuyển sang Egor Tarabasov giữa lúc cô ấy trở thành cha mẹ của cô ấy trong buổi lễ	Khi kế hoạch đám cưới của cô cho đám cưới của cô với Egor Tarabasov tiếp tục hình thành, một người trong cuộc đã tiết lộ với OKMagazine.com rằng Lindsay Lohan có thể sẽ có một động thái lớn sau buổi lễ	Fake
Celebrity	'Dancing ith The Stars': Donald Trump được yêu cầu đóng vai chính trong chương trình Ông không nói không	mũ quái gì? Donald Trump có vẻ khá bận rộn trên con đường chiến dịch, nhưng anh ấy được mời nghỉ một chút để thử tay (hoặc chân?) Khi nhảy Rõ ràng Dancing with the Stars đã yêu cầu Donald tham gia dàn diễn viên mùa 23	Fake
Celebrity	Chiếc mũ mà Nicki Minaj đã mặc trong đám cưới của Serena illiams không thực sự ổn ... khuấy động trong những chiếc quần lót bằng da màu trắng và một chiếc áo crop top là quá nhiều.		Fake
Celebrity	"Caitlyn Jenner và OJ Simpson chuẩn bị tái hợp trên TV: ""Nó thật hấp dẫn"" (ĐỘC QUYỀN)"	Thật khó để có thể giật gân hơn thế này: một chương trình truyền hình ghép đôi người nổi tiếng chuyển giới nổi tiếng nhất thế giới với nghi phạm giết người nổi tiếng nhất thế giới - đặc biệt là khi cả hai có mối liên hệ với Kardashians Life Style đã biết rằng các nhà sản xuất TV đã nghĩ ra ý tưởng mang OJ Simpson và người bạn cũ Caitlyn Jenner đến với nhau trong một cuộc hội ngộ trên truyền hình.	Fake
Celebrity	Melania Trump 'sẽ mặc Ralph Lauren tại lễ nhậm chức của chồng'	Ralph Lauren là ứng viên hàng đầu mới nhất trong cuộc đua thiết kế trang phục nhậm chức của Melania Trump, tai báo hàng ngày đưa tin hôm thứ ba.	Legit
Celebrity	Chính thức của Beyonce đã vượt qua nó Kế hoạch giao hàng CRAZY của cô yêu cầu Đây là hy	Không thể phủ nhận rằng Beyonce là một trong những diva lớn nhất của Hollywood nhưng các nguồn tin mới cho thấy nhu cầu của cô thậm chí còn điên rồ hơn. Trước sự xuất hiện của cặp song sinh yêu dấu của họ, nữ ca sĩ và chồng Jay-Z đã lập ra một kế hoạch giao hàng đến mức điên rồ, bạn nghĩ rằng họ là hoàng gia. Trước thềm báo cáo rằng cặp vợ chồng nổi tiếng đã chuyển đến một căn hộ cho thuê gần bệnh viện Cedars-Sinai của Los Angeles, nơi Bey sắp sinh, những người trong cuộc nói với tạp chí Heat rằng sự kiện này được coi là không mất chi phí ngoại truyện. Nhấp qua để nhận tin sốt dẻo trong kế hoạch phòng sinh của Beyonce và cách con gái của cặp vợ chồng, Blue Ivy, sẽ có một vai trò rất đặc biệt trong quy trình.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez và Orlando Bloom Party cùng nhau tại bữa tiệc sinh nhật lần thứ 39 của anh	Selena Gomez và Orlando Bloom một lần nữa tận hưởng công ty của nhau.	Legit
Celebrity	Jamie Foxx và Katie Holmes Hit Thời trang New York	Jamie Foxxand Katie Holmes đã tấn công Big Apple.	Legit
Celebrity	Tyra Banks bị kiện vì gây ra 'sự đau khổ về cảm xúc' trong thời gian 'America's Got Talent'	* Một thí sinh trên chương trình Got Americaent Got của Tal America nói rằng màn trình diễn của cô tại buổi ghi hình gần đây đã bị người dẫn chương trình mới Tyra Banks quay cuồng đến nỗi nó đã gây ra cảm xúc đau khổ cho cô con gái nhỏ, người đang theo dõi từ đôi cánh.	Fake
Celebrity	"ho là Mark Billingham? Các vệ sĩ tuyên bố ông ""Cha đẻ"" Brangelina's Kids"	"Kể từ khi tin tức Brad Pitt và Angelina Jolie chia tay, nhiều người đã tự hỏi điều gì sẽ xảy ra với sáu đứa trẻ của cặp vợ chồng. Bệnh họ ở với mẹ, hay với bố, hay sự kết hợp của cả hai? Hay một người thứ ba cũng có thể có quyền nuôi dạy con cái? Nhập Mark Billingham, vệ sĩ của cặp vợ chồng ngôi sao. Billingham cho biết, về cơ bản, ông đã ""làm cha"" cho các con, theo chúng tôi."	Legit
Celebrity	Nỗi sợ tự tử mới đối với Owen ilson sau cái chết của bố	Cái chết của người cha yêu dấu của Owen ilson có những người bạn lo sợ nam diễn viên bị tra tấn có thể quay trở lại hố sâu của sự chán nản	Fake
Celebrity	BRAD PITT: Không nghi ngờ gì, TRUMP ill Trở thành Tổng thống tốt nhất trong lịch sử Hoa Kỳ. Bạn có ủng hộ Ngài không? ⋆	Brad Pitt như được mời vào hôm nay cho thấy sáng nay và sau khi nhà báo chỉ trích Trump Ông nói điều này: Không nghi ngờ gì, Trump ill Trở thành tổng thống tốt nhất trong lịch sử Hoa Kỳ và bạn sẽ sớm bị bệnh này. Chống lại các nhà báo và mọi người ở lại phẫn nộ. Bạn có ủng hộ Brad không? Nhiều e cần nhiều việc làm hơn. Thất nghiệp đang lên ở đây, anh nói. Anh ta thuê nhiều nhân viên hơn, nhiều người hơn bất cứ ai tôi biết trên thế giới.	Fake
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie Nemesis Chelsea Handler có gần gũi với Brad Pitt sau khi chia tay đau lòng không?	e không thấy điều này đến Theo một báo cáo mới, kẻ thù tồi tệ nhất Hollywood của Angelina Jolie, Chelsea Handler, có thể trở nên hơi thân thiết với người yêu cũ Brad Pitt. Ôi	Fake
Celebrity		Angelina Jolie ôm ấp nội tâm và ngứa mẹ	Legit
Celebrity		Justin Bieber mang theo một cuốn kinh thánh trong khi tặng quần áo tennis preppy	Legit
Celebrity	Bí ẩn về cách Kendall gặp các Hadids đã được giải quyết	Cách đây không lâu, Kendall Jenner và Gigi Hadid chỉ là hai cô gái trẻ, không kết nối, thỉnh thoảng xuất hiện trên chương trình truyền hình thực tế của các thành viên trong gia đình họ. Sau đó, thế giới chớp mắt và bất ngờ họ đang phát triển những siêu mẫu và siêu người có ảnh hưởng. Sau đó, thế giới chớp mắt một lần nữa và họ là siêu mẫu BFFs. Một cái chớp mắt khác và chị gái của họ, Kylie và Bella, cũng đang phát triển ảnh hưởng và các mô hình đang phát triển theo cách riêng của họ.	Legit
Celebrity	Cuộc hôn nhân của Barack Michelle Obama tan vỡ - Làm thế nào chi phí cho người đóng thuế hàng triệu	Barack Obama và vợ Michelle tiếp tục tan vỡ sau khi nữ quyền của tổng thống. Bây giờ, nó đã khiến hàng triệu người phải trả giá cho cuộc hôn nhân cay đắng giữa các cuộc hôn nhân tan vỡ sau sự kiện phụ nữ của tổng thống. Bây giờ, hàng triệu người nộp thuế phải trả hàng triệu đô la, National ENQUIRER đã thấy các hồ sơ độc quyền thu được từ các cơ quan giám sát của chính phủ về tư pháp - tiết lộ rằng cặp vợ chồng thù hận này đã cất cánh máy bay riêng để tới Hawaii vào kỳ nghỉ Giáng sinh	Fake
Celebrity	Kylie Jenner lập kỷ lục thẳng về báo cáo Tyga sở hữu 2 triệu	Bảo vệ người yêu cũ. Kylie Jenner đã lên Twitter vào thứ Sáu, 27 tháng 5, để giải quyết các báo cáo rằng bạn trai cũ của cô Tyga nợ cô 2 triệu.	Legit
Celebrity	Harry Styles của One Direction tận hưởng kỳ nghỉ trượt tuyết, đó là Kendall Jenner Giữa những yêu sách lãng mạn	Ngôi sao 'Bài hát hay nhất từ trước đến nay' và Kendall đã được nhìn thấy mang theo dụng cụ trượt tuyết và trượt tuyết cùng nhau vào cuối tuần.	Legit
Celebrity	Đây là chiếc mũ xảy ra hen Kim Kardashian Cuối cùng cũng tiết lộ danh tính của cô ấy với người thay thế	Kim cũng giải thích trong cuộc phỏng vấn tại sao cô không mời người thay thế đi tắm cho em bé. .	Legit
Celebrity	Khloe Kardashian đánh đập những kẻ thù ghét đã troll cô kể từ khi OJ Simpson được tạm tha	Khloe Kardashian không có thời gian cho những người ghét.	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5056567/Jennifer-Lopez-gets-cozy-star-Milo-Ventimiglia.html	Jennifer Lopez trở nên ấm cúng với bạn trai trên màn hình Milo Ventimiglia	Fake
Celebrity	Leonardo DiCaprio tận hưởng một buổi tối hẹn hò vào ngày sinh nhật của Kate - Xem ảnh	Leonardo DiCaprio đã hợp tác với bạn diễn nổi tiếng nhất của anh ấy, Kate inslet, vào tối thứ Sáu, chỉ một ngày trước sinh nhật thứ 43 của anh ấy vào thứ Bảy. Cả hai đã dành hơn hai giờ cùng nhau tại nhà hàng Santa Monica Giorgio Baldi, sau đó họ được hộ tống ra ngoài bởi an ninh và cùng lên xe. Nhấp qua để xem các bức ảnh của buổi tối thân mật của họ	Fake
Celebrity	Những người trong cuộc pop khẳng định Justin Bieber đã hủy tour diễn dài ngày khi anh đang cân nhắc bắt đầu nhà thờ của riêng mình	"Những người trong cuộc POP tuyên bố theo cảm tính Justin Bieber có thể đã hủy tour diễn dài hạn hiện tại của mình để anh ấy có thể bắt đầu CHURCH của riêng mình. Bieber đã gây sốc cho hàng triệu người hâm mộ ngày hôm qua khi anh tiết lộ anh sẽ ngừng chuyến lưu diễn Purpose vài tháng trước khi nó kết thúc vì anh đã bị ""đốt cháy"". Người Canada tiết lộ anh ta muốn trở về cội nguồn tôn giáo của mình"	Fake
Celebrity	Kim, Kourtney Khloe Kardashian Kỷ niệm Cinco de Mayo tại LA	Chị em nhà Kardashian đang có một lễ kỷ niệm Cinco de Mayo	Legit
Celebrity	hy Justin Timberlake đã không đến Emmys ith Jessica Biel	Jessica Biel choáng váng tại lễ trao giải Emmy 2017 ở LA vào Chủ nhật, ngày 17 tháng 9, mà không có ngày trình diễn giải thưởng thông thường của cô, chồng Justin Timberlake, ở bên cạnh cô - và hóa ra là nữ diễn viên 35 tuổi, đi xe solo vì một lý do rất chính đáng.	Legit
Celebrity	David Gest được tìm thấy đã chết ở tuổi 62: Chồng cũ của Liza Trinelli được phát hiện sau cái chết 'không giải thích được' tại khách sạn London	"David Gest, ngôi sao truyền hình thực tế và chồng cũ của Lizaroeelli, đã được tìm thấy đã chết trong một khách sạn năm sao ở London trong hoàn cảnh ""không giải thích được""."	Legit
Celebrity	Về thời gian đó, Công nương Diana đã tán tỉnh các cô gái vàng và phá hủy một quán bar đồng tính với Freddie Mercury	Công nương Diana có thể đã có nhiều niềm vui hơn khi kết hôn với hoàng gia Anh so với những gì chúng ta nghĩ ban đầu. Trong cuốn sách mới của mình, nữ diễn viên hài người Anh, Cleo Rocos nói rằng cô, nữ hoàng mặt trận Freddie Mercury và diễn viên hài Kenny Everett đã lén Công nương Diana vào một quán bar đồng tính nam London, Royal Vauxhall Tavern, vào cuối những năm 1980. Rocos nhớ lại buổi tối trong Sức mạnh của việc uống tích cực, viết rằng bộ ba mặc trang phục của hoàng gia quá cố được ngụy trang - áo khoác quân đội, mũ lưỡi trai và kính râm, theo lời kể của AFP - và có thể tự thưởng thức tình cờ nhờ sự phổ biến của sao Thủy trong đám đông:	Legit
Celebrity	Lướt ván diều, Ăn trưa với Bono, Chơi gôn ở Hawaii: Tất cả về cuộc sống của Obama bây giờ	Họ đã phá vỡ bong bóng Nhà hite và họ không nhìn lại.	Legit
Celebrity	J-Rod Jennifer Lopez và Alex Rodriguez về Tình yêu, Sắc đẹp và Sự cứu chuộc	Mặc dù có tiếng tăm lừng lẫy và hành lý, được mang theo bởi Jennifer Lopez và Alex Rodriguez, mối quan hệ của họ rất hợp lý. Cả hai đều bắt đầu từ hoàn cảnh khiêm tốn, nhanh chóng tấn công và phải chiến đấu với quỷ dữ của mình để sống sót. Cặp vợ chồng mới thảo luận về tất cả mọi thứ, từ cuộc hẹn hò đầu tiên đầy căng thẳng của họ cho đến khi họ tiết lộ về điều đó đã tạo nên mối quan hệ của họ.	Legit
Celebrity	Lady Gaga không có thai, đại diện cho biết	"LOS ANGELES: Đại diện của Lady Gaga đã phủ nhận các báo cáo rằng ca sĩ đang mang thai Những tin đồn đã được đưa ra sau khi Gaga được nhìn thấy thể thao có vẻ như là một vết sưng của em bé tuần trước. Một tạp chí tuyên bố trong số mới nhất rằng người đàn ông 29 tuổi này đã ""sinh con trên đường đi"". Tuy nhiên, báo cáo đã được đại diện của Gaga trình bày. Người đại diện nói với tờ báo lá cải Rumor Fix rằng Gaga không mong đợi một đứa trẻ với vị hôn phu Taylor Kinney, báo cáo của aceshowbiz.com. với chiếc váy maxi màu kem bó sát, trong khi trong những bức ảnh khác, cô được nhìn thấy mặc chiếc váy kaftan màu xanh khi đi biển Malibu với Kinney.Gaga chia sẻ trên Instagram bức ảnh cô với bụng phẳng vào ngày thứ tư. ""Daddy's Girl"", cô chú thích nó. Tuy nhiên, đây không phải là lần đầu tiên nữ ca sĩ bị đồn mang thai. Trước đó cũng đã có những suy đoán về nó."	Legit
Celebrity	"Kourtney và Kendall có một ngày đi thuyền ""Sun's Out, Buns Out"" tại Cannes"	Kourtney Kardashian và Kendall Jenner hiện đang sống ở miền Nam nước Pháp để tham dự Liên hoan phim Cannes, và hai chị em đã có thời gian mặc đồ bơi khi thư giãn trên du thuyền ở Antibes vào thứ hai; cặp đôi được phát hiện đang reo hò và trò chuyện một mảnh với người bạn Simon Huck. Ngày hôm sau, họ giữ niềm vui đến bằng cách tặng trang phục hải lý tốt nhất của họ cho một ngày trên mặt nước. Trước khi du thuyền ghen tị của họ, Kourtney đã tham dự một bữa ăn tối trong lễ kỷ niệm những người yêu thích biển của Jean-Michel Cousteau vào Chủ nhật, trong khi Kendall dậm chân trên đường băng cho sự kiện Fashion For Cứu hàng năm của Naomi Campbell, cũng mang đến Kate Moss, Heidi Klum và Kendall bạn thân Bella Hadid. Hãy đọc để xem tất cả các hình ảnh từ cuộc phiêu lưu tại Cannes của Kourtney và Kendall.	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez được chọn làm giám khảo 'American Idol'	"Ca sĩ được cho là đang làm giám khảo cùng với ca sĩ cho chương trình thực tế ca hát ""American Idol""."	Fake
Celebrity	Ellen, Portia hủy bỏ sự xuất hiện sau cuộc chiến 'sử thi'	Ellen DeGeneres và Portia de Rossi đã không xuất hiện tại một quỹ gây quỹ từ thiện để giải cứu động vật sau khi có một cuộc chiến lớn trong xe hơi trên đường đến sự kiện vào Chủ nhật, các nguồn tin nói với Trang Six.	Fake
Celebrity	Đó là tất cả về Kah Kim Kardashian Kanye est Từ chối quyên góp từ thiện để giải quyết vụ kiện vì người sáng lập YouTube qua video đính hôn	Đó là tất cả về kash với Kim Kardashian và Kanye est	Fake
Celebrity	Hillary Clinton Bộ phim - Diễn viên chính Glenn Đóng	Một bộ phim nằm trong các tác phẩm về Hillary Clinton và cuộc đời tuyệt vời của cô, và nữ diễn viên huyền thoại Glenn Close đã được chọn đóng vai cựu đệ nhất phu nhân và ứng cử viên tổng thống	Fake
Celebrity	Owen ilson nói rằng những đứa con của anh ấy đang biến thành những diễn viên hài nhỏ bé	Owen ilson đang mở ra về sự nghiệp tiềm năng của con mình trong hài kịch	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez là 'Crazy In Love' ith Justin sau khi tái hợp: She 'Light Joyful'	Nếu Selena Gomez có vẻ như cô ấy đang sống một cuộc sống tốt nhất kể từ khi tái hợp với Justin Bieber - thì cô ấy đã có ĐỘC QUYỀN rằng Sel đang 'yêu' và hạnh phúc khi được trở lại với Biebs.	Fake
Celebrity	Ngả mũ yêu Jennifer Lawrence, 26 tuổi và Darren Aronofsky, 47 tuổi, công khai chuyện tình lãng mạn của họ khi họ cùng nhau đi dạo ở NYC	Họ đã giữ mối tình lãng mạn vừa chớm nở của mình nhưng dường như Jennifer Lawrence và Darren Aronofsky đã đưa ra quyết định về một năm mới để cởi mở hơn về mối quan hệ của họ.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian nói Kanye est là 'Nghiêm túc' về việc tranh cử Tổng thống	Trong chương trình The Ellen Show ednesday, ngôi sao chương trình truyền hình thực tế Kim Kardashian est nói với người dẫn chương trình Ellen DeGeneres rằng chồng cô, rapper Kanye est, chắc chắn có nghĩa là những gì anh nói khi anh tuyên bố một cách tự nhiên tại Giải thưởng Video âm nhạc của MTV rằng anh muốn tranh cử Tổng thống Hoa Kỳ Những trạng thái.	Legit
Celebrity	Trò chuyện bẩn thỉu của Scarlett Johansson là SNL Stud	Mike alker Báo cáo Không bao giờ nói chuyện bẩn thỉu với phụ nữ nếu bạn muốn bật chúng lên - phải không các bạn?	Fake
Celebrity	Harvey einstein có kế hoạch kiện New York Times với giá 50 triệu	Harvey einstein nói rằng ông sẽ kiện tờ Thời báo New York ước tính khoảng 50 triệu sau khi nó công bố một báo cáo về vụ đánh bom tuyên bố ông trùm phim ảnh đã khiến các nữ diễn viên và nữ nhân viên bị quấy rối tình dục hàng chục năm.	Fake
Celebrity		Jennifer Garner có những cô gái đi chơi đêm với Chelsea Handler	Legit
Celebrity	'Girl' Fight Kanye est Đối đầu với Anna intour Over Đưa Lena Dunham lên trang bìa 'Vogue' thay vì vị hôn thê Kim Kardashian	Quá lớn cho đôi giày thể thao được thiết kế của bạn, Kanye? Trong một bữa ăn trưa đầy quyền lực gần đây tại Phòng chờ Polo của Hillsly Hills, ngôi sao hip hop đã yêu cầu câu trả lời từ Tổng biên tập tạp chí Anna, Anna đặt câu hỏi: hy cô ấy đã đánh giá ngôi sao Girls Lena Dunham là xứng đáng cho kinh thánh thời trang nổi tiếng, trong khi Vị hôn phu của anh, Kim Kardashian, từ lâu đã bị bỏ qua?	Fake
Celebrity	Nicki Minaj đã không mặc quần nóng và cắt hàng đầu để chỉnh sửa Serena illiams, mặc dù báo cáo	Nicki Minaj không mặc quần nóng và crop top trong đám cưới của Serena illiams, mặc dù có một báo cáo không có thật dựa trên hình ảnh được photoshop. Để bắt đầu, rapper thậm chí không tham dự lễ cưới của ngôi sao quần vợt. G đồn Cop có thể lập kỷ lục thẳng. illiams đã kết hôn với doanh nhân internet Alexis Ohanian trước bạn bè và gia đình ở New Orleans vào thứ năm. Danh sách khách mời bao gồm nhiều người nổi tiếng, bao gồm Beyonce, Kim Kardashian, Kelly Rowland, Anna intour, Ciara và Eva Longoria. Minaj không tham dự, nhưng trang web Ailen của cô đã đăng một bức ảnh Instagram có tài liệu cho thấy cô đang tạo dáng trong bữa tiệc với Beyonce và Rihanna. Trang web có tiêu đề bài viết không chính xác của nó, mũ mũ Nicki Minaj mặc cho đám cưới của Serena illiams không thực sự ổn, ông nói và ca sĩ xuất hiện trong buổi lễ thể thao hotpants da trắng và áo crop top. Cửa hàng thông tin sai lệch khẳng định trang phục của Minaj là quá nhiều, còn tiếp tục duy trì rằng cô ấy đã vượt qua một nghi thức đám cưới. Nhưng ý kiến của trang web về trang phục của rapper là hoàn toàn không cần thiết. Cả Minaj và Rihanna đều không có mặt trong đám cưới của người chơi tennis. Cả hai ngôi sao âm nhạc đều được ghép vào một bức ảnh của Beyonce tạo dáng một mình tại buổi lễ. Không rõ liệu cửa hàng Ailen đang cố lừa độc giả hay bị lừa bởi chính hình ảnh giả, nhưng Minaj đã không mặc một bộ trang phục không phù hợp đến đám cưới của Illiams mà cô không tham dự. Cần lưu ý, G đồn Cop đã phải tiết lộ một số câu chuyện sai lệch xung quanh đám cưới của ngôi sao quần vợt trong thời gian ngắn kể từ khi cô bước xuống lối đi. Gần đây, Hollywood đã vùi dập HollywoodLife vì đã bịa đặt một báo cáo về Beyonce và Kardashian có một cuộc trao đổi băng giá của họ trong đám cưới. G Rum Cop cũng gọi RadarOnline để dựng lên một câu chuyện về việc Kardashian bị mắng vì sử dụng điện thoại của cô ấy trong đám cưới của illiams. Bài viết mới nhất này liên quan đến sự kiện này là giả mạo tương tự.	Legit
Celebrity	Lindsay Lohan được cho là đã đính hôn với người thừa kế Nga	Cuối cùng, Lindsay Lohan đã tìm thấy tình yêu.	Legit
Celebrity	Anorexic Angelina Jolie asting đi	Dáng người gầy guộc của Angelina Jolie đang khiến những người bạn thân thiết kêu gọi can thiệp để cứu cô khỏi cái chết	Fake
Celebrity	Rosie O'Donnell, hoopi Goldberg hoán đổi câu chuyện giảm cân	"(CNN) - ""The View"" đã trở lại TV vào thứ Hai với một bộ mới, hai gương mặt mới và một cặp chủ nhà đã trở lại, họ đã dành thời gian tập trung vào sức khỏe của họ."	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston đau khổ chạy theo biên giới để thông qua	Jennifer Aniston đang tìm cách nhận nuôi một em bé từ phía nam biên giới - chỉ vài tuần sau khi National ENQUIRER tiết lộ sự đau lòng của cô đối với người anh trai bị ghẻ lạnh của cô thông báo rằng anh sẽ trở thành cha một lần nữa	Fake
Celebrity	Justin Bieber dự tiệc cùng sự kiện Grammy như Ex Selena Gomez The eeknd	"Uh oh Justin Bieber, 22 tuổi, đã quyết định đánh bash bài Grammys của Rihanna vào ngày 1 tháng 12 để tiệc tùng với các ngôi sao lớn nhất của ngành công nghiệp âm nhạc, và không may cho anh ta bao gồm Selena Gomez, 24 tuổi và bạn trai mới của cô. eeknd, 26. Như chúng tôi đã nói với bạn ĐỘC QUYỀN, cặp đôi không thể giữ tay mình, đóng gói nhiều máy PDA trong khi ngồi trong gian hàng VIP và dường như điều đó không phù hợp với Biebs. Anh ta xuất hiện trong bữa tiệc một thời gian ngắn, sau đó quay lại và vẫy đuôi ra khỏi đó ngay sau khi đến. Một nguồn tin tiết lộ với HollywoodLife.com ĐỘC QUYỀN rằng, ""Anh ấy đã ở đó trong một giây nóng bỏng ... không lâu lắm đâu. Anh ấy đã rời đi gần như ngay lập tức"""	Fake
Celebrity	Vợ của Billy Bush 'giận dữ' với anh ta sau vụ rò rỉ phỏng vấn Trump	Billy Bush có thể vừa đăng một bức ảnh selfie mới với vợ, nhưng có tin đồn rằng tất cả đều không trở lại tốt ở thiên đường California của họ.	Fake
Celebrity	Màn trình diễn thót tim của Celine Dion trong chương trình 'My Heart ill Go On' tại 2017 Music Awards: atch	"Celine Dion đã đánh dấu kỷ niệm 20 năm của bài hát tình yêu đau lòng của cô, ""My Heart ill Go On"", bằng cách biểu diễn từ bên trong một chiếc đèn chùm cao hàng dặm treo trên trần nhà của địa điểm tại đêm Chủ nhật (21 tháng 5) 2017 Billboard Music Awards. Khi nó lên cao, giọng hát của Dion cũng vậy."	Legit
Celebrity	Làm thế nào Janet Jackson mất 70 pounds	Người mẹ mới 51 tuổi này đang có một vóc dáng đẹp mà huấn luyện viên của cô nói rằng cô đã hoàn thành mà không cần phải tập luyện nhiều giờ cho tim mạch, đã giảm được 70 pound.	Legit
Celebrity	George, Amal Clooney tặng 1 triệu cho Trung tâm Luật Nghèo miền Nam để chống lại các nhóm thù địch	Nếu nói về tiền bạc, George và Amal Clooney đã khiến nó hét lên hôm thứ ba, bằng cách quyên góp 1 triệu cho Trung tâm Luật Nghèo miền Nam để giúp chống lại các nhóm thù địch sau thảm kịch và bạo lực ở Charlottesville, Va.	Legit
Celebrity	GIRL GIỚI THIỆU N: Victoria Beckham đang chuẩn bị sinh em bé thứ năm	Victoria Beckham, phải, đang chuẩn bị sinh em bé thứ năm với chồng David, theo nguồn tin thân cận với người bạn thân nhất của cô, Tana Ramsay.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian mở ra cuộc sống sau vụ cướp Paris	Sáng nay, Kim Kardashian est đến bữa sáng muộn vài phút vì cô không thể lấy thứ mặt nạ gel này ra khỏi mặt. Cô ấy đang ở trong một căn phòng ở tầng trên của khách sạn Baccarat ở trung tâm Manhattan. Một căn phòng với một chiếc giường khổng lồ trong đó, trong đó cô ngủ, mông tới mông, với cô con gái bốn tuổi của mình, North. Và trong căn phòng đó, cô ấy đã đắp mặt nạ - của loại mỹ phẩm, không phải loại Halloween - chỉ để khám phá ra rằng cô ấy không thể thực sự tháo nó ra. Ở đây cô ấy có được thứ mặt nạ gel vàng này được cho là làm cho làn da của bạn khỏe mạnh hơn? Man, khi bạn là Kim Kardashian est, bạn không biết mọi thứ đến từ đâu. Mọi người chỉ cho bạn công cụ. Các hầm và cửa và tài khoản chuyển phát nhanh của thế giới mở và một luồng công cụ miễn phí chỉ rửa qua bạn. Kim cố gắng tận hưởng nó, bởi vì đó là điều giác ngộ phải làm. Nhưng ngay lúc này, cô ấy ở trên lầu trong phòng cô ấy đang cố tách khuôn mặt ra khỏi thứ mặt nạ gel miễn phí.	Legit
Celebrity	"Jim Carrey nói rằng ông đã đi một ""dòng sông đau khổ"" trong sự xuất hiện của giai đoạn cảm xúc"	Diễn viên hài 55 tuổi đã dừng lại bởi chương trình truyền hình Broadway của Michael Moore, The terms of My Surrender vào tối thứ Năm để nói chuyện thẳng thắn về bầu không khí chính trị hiện nay sau cuộc bầu cử tổng thống Donald Trump.	Legit
Celebrity	Jay-Z: 'Jesus là tin tức giả; Lucifer là sự thật và ánh sáng '	Tin tức về Chúa Jesus là tin giả ban đầu, theo Jay-Z, người tuyên bố, Jesus Jesus không bao giờ đi trên trái đất, vì vậy, người ta chơi trò chơi và ý tưởng về Chúa Jesus chỉ là một công cụ được sử dụng bởi những người thông minh để kiểm soát những người câm. Giáo dục	Fake
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson: 'Twilight là phần khó nhất tôi từng làm'	Anh ta nổi danh là Edward Cullen, một ma cà rồng tuổi teen cuồng nhiệt trong Twilight. Sau đó, mối tình lãng mạn đầy sóng gió của anh với ngôi sao đồng nghiệp Kristen Stewart đã thống trị các cột tin đồn trên thế giới. Bây giờ Robert Pattinson đã lớn tuổi, khôn ngoan hơn và rũ bỏ hình tượng chàng trai đẹp trai Hollywood của mình. Anh ấy nói về vai trò mới của anh ấy ở vùng hẻo lánh của David Michôd ở phía tây The Rover	Legit
Celebrity	Amber Heard chia sẻ hình ảnh từ bộ Aquaman	Ngay sau khi quay cho Aquaman được tiến hành ở Úc, chúng tôi đã có cái nhìn đầu tiên là nữ diễn viên Amber Heard trong vai Mera. Bây giờ Heard đã đưa lên Twitter để chia sẻ một bức ảnh của cô ấy với Jason Momoa - diễn viên đằng sau vai chính của bộ phim - và đạo diễn James an.	Legit
Celebrity	Bi kịch Gwen Stefani mất thính lực sau khi vỡ Eardrum	Chim biết hót Pop Gwen Stefani có thể kết thúc điếc và phá hỏng sự nghiệp ca hát tuyệt vời của cô	Fake
Celebrity	Nâng cơ mặt, Botox, Peels, Nỗi ám ảnh về phẫu thuật thẩm mỹ của Oh My Ellen DeGeneres được tiết lộ	Nỗi ám ảnh của Ellen DeGeneres về việc trẻ mãi không ngừng được viết trên khuôn mặt - theo nghĩa đen Trong một báo cáo mới từ National ENQUIRER, các nguồn tin tiết lộ rằng nữ hoàng chương trình trò chuyện thực tế là một người nghiện phẫu thuật thẩm mỹ.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez và Justin Bieber vừa hôn nhau trong Trò chơi khúc côn cầu của anh ấy	Khi The eeknd kết nối lại với người yêu cũ của mình, Bella Hadid, Selena Gomez tiếp tục chuỗi sự xuất hiện của cô với Justin Bieber. Đêm qua, cô đã ủng hộ ngôi sao nhạc pop người Canada trong trò chơi khúc côn cầu của anh ở LA (lần thứ hai). Và cả hai đã đưa chiếc PDA lên một tầm cao mới: họ bị phát hiện hôn ở sân.	Legit
Celebrity	Blake Shelton và Lindsey Sporrer lừa dối Miranda Lambert - Dự kiến ly hôn | Celeb Giặt bẩn	Có vẻ như nỗi sợ hãi tồi tệ nhất tuyệt đối của Miranda Lambert có thể trở thành sự thật. Đánh giá từ những bức ảnh gần đây, Blake Shelton có thể thực sự đã tìm thấy cho mình một phiên bản trẻ hơn, gầy hơn của người vợ bướng bỉnh Blake quyết định tham dự bữa tiệc sinh nhật lần thứ 35 của Usher và Miranda không tìm thấy ở đâu. Nó gần giống như cô ấy tránh đường để tránh Blake khi anh ấy ở cạnh bất cứ ai mà anh ấy làm việc cùng và sau đó ném nó vào mặt anh ấy, dù sao họ cũng ở bên nhau, trong đêm đặc biệt này, cô ấy ở nhà nhưng đừng nghĩ Một phút mà Blake cô đơn.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian giải thích lý do tại sao cô ấy sẽ không bỏ phiếu cho Trump sau tất cả	Trong một khoảnh khắc ở đó, dường như Hillary Clinton đã mất phiếu bầu của Kim Kardashian.	Legit
Celebrity	Evian có phải là bí mật đằng sau làn da tuyệt vời của Cameron Diaz không? Đọc thêm tại: https://tr.im/207sZ	Đây là một trong những tin đồn rất nực cười, chúng tôi ước rằng tạp chí Star thật sự đang đưa tin trong số mới nhất của họ rằng nữ diễn viên hạng A Cameron Diaz chỉ sử dụng nước đóng chai để tắm.	Legit
Celebrity	Meek Mill có tìm Nicki Minaj trong một cuộc hẹn hò đồng tính nữ không?	Tìm một câu chuyện về Nicki Minaj và Meek Mill không hẳn là một sự kéo dài. Năm ngoái, thịt bò của Meek Mill với rapper người Canada Drake đã giúp chúng tôi giải trí trong nhiều tháng, và Minaj hầu như không có cấu hình thấp. Trong vài năm qua, Minaj đã được biết đến gần như cũng vì các cuộc chiến trên phương tiện truyền thông xã hội cũng như âm nhạc của cô. Do đó, những người theo dõi người nổi tiếng dường như luôn để mắt đến câu chuyện tiếp theo của Meek Mill và Nicki Minaj. Trong những tuần gần đây, hầu hết các câu chuyện về Mill và Minaj đều tập trung vào việc cặp đôi quyền lực của hip-hop có còn hẹn hò hay không.	Fake
Celebrity	Mariah Carey, Giám đốc Stella Bulochnikov Split	Mariah Carey và người quản lý ba năm của cô, Stella Bulochnikov, không còn làm việc cùng nhau với tư cách là người quản lý và khách hàng, Variety đã xác nhận.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston, Diva? Nữ diễn viên được đồn đại là 'Không thể chấp nhận được' trên phim trường, không xã hội hóa (BÁO CÁO)	"""Người bạn"" trước đây có thể kém thân thiện ngoài đời không? Có tin đồn là như vậy."	Legit
Celebrity	Ellen DeGeneres Dines ith Mystery Briếm Giữa những tin đồn ly hôn ith Portia de Rossi	Ellen DeGeneres bước ra với một cô gái tóc nâu bí ẩn gần đây giữa những tin đồn về việc cô sắp ly hôn với người vợ Portia de Rossi. Hình ảnh của người dẫn chương trình truyền hình tất cả những nụ cười với người phụ nữ lạ mặt chỉ làm dấy lên những suy đoán về sự chia ly của họ.	Fake
Celebrity	Jake Gyllenhaal không có ở đây cho câu hỏi của Taylor Swift	Còn lại, bởi Mike Pont / ireImage; Phải, từ hình ảnh GC, cả hai từ Getty Images.	Legit
Celebrity	"Jennifer Aniston và Justin Theroux đã thực hiện một kế hoạch ""Tính toán sai lầm lớn"" Kế hoạch chỉnh sửa bí mật của họ"	"Không thoải mái khi ngồi sang một bên, có vẻ như đám cưới bí mật của Jennifer Aniston và Justin Theroux, vào mùa hè này, đã diễn ra mà không gặp trở ngại nào. Thật đáng kinh ngạc, thông tin chi tiết về nữ tu sĩ Malibu không bị rò rỉ cho báo chí. Jimmy Kimmel đã làm một công việc ""đẹp"" khi tổ chức buổi lễ, tìm thấy sự cân bằng hoàn hảo giữa ngọt ngào và hài hước. Howard Stern đã có một bài phát biểu. Và sau đó, cặp vợ chồng mới cưới bắt đầu tuần trăng mật của nhóm người hâm mộ nhất mà chúng tôi từng nghe. Nhưng vào ngày thứ tư, trong khi quảng bá cho The Leftovers mới của HBO, Theroux tiết lộ rằng bộ đôi này đã thực hiện một ""tính toán sai lầm lớn"" khi lên kế hoạch cho đám cưới."	Legit
Celebrity	Victoria Beckham cuối cùng cũng giải quyết rằng cô ấy đang cố gắng sinh con thứ năm ở tuổi 42 với chồng David	Cặp vợ chồng nổi tiếng sống ở London đã có ba con trai và một con gái.	Legit
Celebrity	Sarah Jessica Parker Kế thừa Tạp chí Vogue Kiểm soát từ Anna intour? | Celeb Giặt bẩn	Chỉ có một đoạn giới thiệu Anna, nhưng chỉ có một thời gian dài để cô ấy có thể điều hành Vogue. Anna hiện đã 64 tuổi và trong khi cô ấy vẫn còn nhiều năm để tiếp tục điều hành Vogue, triều đại của cô ấy sẽ không kéo dài mãi mãi. Cuối cùng, cô sẽ phải tìm một người kế vị, và theo báo cáo từ Radar Online, người kế nhiệm đó sẽ là Sarah Jessica Parker.	Fake
Celebrity	"Cựu thành viên Beatle Ringo Starr tuyên bố Paul McCartney đã ""chết"" vào năm 1966 và được thay thế bởi Look-Alike"	Đồi tuyết | Tay trống cũ của The Beatles, Ringo Starr, đã khiến cả thế giới ngạc nhiên sáng nay trong một cuộc phỏng vấn tại nơi cư trú sang trọng ở California của anh, khi anh thừa nhận rằng những tin đồn 45 tuổi về cái chết được cho là của Paul McCartney vào năm 1966 là có thật.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez trêu chọc Bye Bye Birdie, nhạc kịch tiếp theo của NBC	Chương trình truyền hình trực tiếp Hairspray của NBC vẫn đang được tiến hành, nhưng Jennifer Lopez đã chuẩn bị cho sản xuất âm nhạc lớn tiếp theo của mạng, Bye Bye Birdie Live	Legit
Celebrity		Rìu Jennifer Hudson không được hỏi lại 'The Voice' trong cơn ác mộng Hành vi của Diva	Fake
Celebrity	Billy Bush chính thức bị sa thải khỏi chương trình NBC Today sau vụ bê bối băng keo Donald Trump bị rò rỉ	Bush đã bị đình chỉ vào buổi sáng hai ngày sau khi nội dung của băng năm 2005 được báo cáo vào ngày 7 tháng 10.	Legit
Celebrity	hy Celine Dion và Cher ghét nhau	"Cher đã làm náo loạn đám đông trong bộ trang phục nạm pha lê hầu như không có ngày hôm qua khi cô ấy nói ""Nếu tôi có thể quay ngược thời gian"" và ""Tin"" tại Lễ trao giải âm nhạc Billboard 2017."	Fake
Celebrity	Phân tích | Kanye est và cách hip-hop giải quyết vấn đề sức khỏe tâm thần	Không hoàn toàn rõ ràng những gì đang xảy ra với Kanye est. Rapper, người được quay phim đưa ra những lời tán tỉnh trên sân khấu trong các chương trình gần đây ở California, vào thứ Hai đã hủy 21 ngày còn lại trong tour diễn Saint Pablo của anh ấy. Vài giờ sau, anh được cho là nhập viện vì căng thẳng và kiệt sức.	Legit
Celebrity	Liam Payne vừa hòa âm nhạc Solo của Harry Styles	Âm nhạc mới của Harry Styles không dành cho tất cả mọi người, thậm chí là cựu đồng nghiệp ban nhạc One Direction của anh, Liam Payne.	Fake
Celebrity	Justin Bieber và Selena Gomez khiến người hâm mộ phấn khích	(CNN) Giống như tình yêu, hy vọng sẽ đến với người hâm mộ Justin Bieber và Selena Gomez.	Legit
Celebrity	Iggy Azalea và Odell Beckham Jr.: Hẹn hò	Bạn có thể ngạc nhiên khi biết tin Odell Beckham và Iggy Azalea đang hẹn hò, nhưng nếu bạn dừng lại và suy nghĩ về điều đó trong một khoảnh khắc, họ thực sự có ý nghĩa hoàn hảo như một cặp đôi.	Fake
Celebrity	Ben Affleck có gương mặt tươi mới: BOTOX BEN	TƯƠI LÊN ?? Sau một năm RẤT HẤP DẪN, các bác sĩ nói rằng có vẻ như Ben Affleck đã làm tươi mới khuôn mặt của mình. Botox cho chất làm đầy chân chim của mình để làm mềm các đường xung quanh miệng.	Fake
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus và Liam Hemsworth Kết thúc đính hôn	Nó đã chính thức kết thúc: Đại diện cho cả Miley Cyrus và Liam Hemsworth xác nhận riêng với NHÂN DÂN rằng lễ đính hôn đã tắt giữa hai ngôi sao.	Fake
Celebrity	FKA Twigs trông khốn khổ vì Robert Pattinson tại Liên hoan phim Cannes | Celeb Giặt bẩn	FKA Twigs và Robert Pattinson được cho là đang phát triển mạnh mẽ. Ngôi sao Chạng vạng và vợ sắp cưới của anh đã tham dự Liên hoan phim Cannes 2017 tuần này. Cặp đôi trông không hạnh phúc như họ được báo cáo. Đã vài tháng kể từ khi người hâm mộ thấy FKA Twigs và Robert Pattinson cùng nhau.	Fake
Celebrity	Dừng lại ngay bây giờ Các cô gái Spice có thể lên kế hoạch tái hợp	Có một số điều mà mọi người không nên đùa. Một cuộc hội ngộ tiềm năng của Spice Girls với cả năm thành viên là một trong số đó.	Legit
Celebrity	Sự tách biệt thử thách của Kim Kardashian và Kanye est kéo dài trong sáu eeks (ĐỘC QUYỀN)	Sau khi trải qua một sự cố vào cuối năm 2016, Kanye est đã giữ một hồ sơ cực kỳ thấp. Nhưng những gì người hâm mộ không biết là rapper và vợ Kim Kardashian đang trải qua một cuộc chia ly thử nghiệm.	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye est, No 'American Idol' For Me	Không có 'American Idol' cho tôi	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez A-Rod phù hợp với ay? Anh ấy muốn cưới cô ấy	"Jennifer Lopez, 47 tuổi, là người của Alex Rodriguez, 41 tuổi? Bạn bè của ông được cho là bắt đầu nghĩ như vậy, theo E News. ""Tất cả bạn bè của anh ấy có thể nói rằng anh ấy thực sự thích J.Lo [nhưng] ngay từ đầu họ đã nghĩ rằng đây có thể chỉ là một trò hề"", một nguồn tin cho biết. ""Những người bạn của anh ấy đang dần nghĩ rằng đây thực sự có thể là một trận đấu tuyệt vời."" J-Lo và A-Rod chắc chắn đã tận hưởng thời gian bên nhau vào thứ Sáu, ngày 24 tháng 3 khi họ đi chơi tại khách sạn Bel-Air nổi tiếng."	Fake
Celebrity	Fergie nói cô và Josh Duhamel vẫn là 'những người bạn tuyệt vời'	"Fergie nói mặc dù cô và chồng Josh Duhamel đang chia tay, họ vẫn là ""những người bạn tuyệt vời"" yêu nhau và con trai nhỏ của họ."	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie, không bị phá vỡ	Tôi không bao giờ mong muốn trở thành người mà mọi người hiểu hay thích, anh ấy Angel Angel Jolie nói. Và đó là OK, bởi vì tôi biết tôi là ai và những đứa trẻ biết tôi là ai.	Legit
Celebrity	Hoàng tử Harry Meghan Markle di chuyển cùng nhau	"Một người bạn thân của ngôi sao ""Suit"" nói với ENQUIRER rằng Meg đang ""đảo ngược cung điện với sự cải tạo của cô ấy"" - nói thêm: ""Cô ấy biết những gì cô ấy muốn Meghan cực kỳ tự tin khi nói về thị hiếu của chính mình"" về cải tạo thân thiện với môi trường, phòng mở thoáng mát, màu sắc trung tính, ghế sofa lớn thoải mái, và các phụ kiện bằng kính và kim loại hiện đại. Nhưng thái độ ""giống như diva"" của thường dân đang khiến một số người trong cung điện co rúm lại"	Fake
Celebrity	Ảnh bìa: Angelina Jolie Solo	Có Angelina Jolie, hiện là một bà mẹ đơn thân, quản lý sự hỗn loạn hàng ngày của sáu đứa trẻ, và chấn thương của cô ấy tách ra từ Brad Pitt, và có Angelina Jolie có bộ phim mới nhất, một bản gốc của Netflix về nạn diệt chủng của Campuchia, là cũng là một lời cảm ơn cho quốc gia đã biến đổi cô ấy. Tại biệt thự LA mới của cô, Jolie tiết lộ sự căng thẳng giữa hai Angelina và lý do cuộc sống của cô sẽ không bao giờ bình thường.	Legit
Celebrity	Blake Shelton giải quyết những tin đồn trên Twitter trong khả năng tốt nhất có thể	Blake Shelton đã có đủ về tất cả các cuộc trò chuyện lá cải liên quan đến anh ta và vợ, Miranda Lambert.	Legit
Celebrity	Đám cưới bí mật hàng đầu của Allison illiams tiết lộ	Allison illiams sẽ kết hôn vào thứ bảy trong một buổi lễ bí mật đầy sao ở phía tây, Trang Six có thể tiết lộ độc quyền.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift tham gia vào '' Những khoảng thời gian tuyệt vời '' để giữ kín sự lãng mạn của cô ấy	Mặc dù tin tức đã phá vỡ rằng Taylor Swift đang hẹn hò với nam diễn viên người Anh Joe Alwyn, nhưng cô thực sự đã cố gắng giữ bí mật trong bao lâu có thể.	Legit
Celebrity	Anna Faris trả lời Chris Pratt-Jennifer Lawrence Những tin đồn gian lận khi họ quảng bá 'Hành khách' vào ngày sinh nhật của cô	"Nữ diễn viên ""Mẹ"" Anna Faris không muốn để những tờ báo lá cải đến với cô, nhưng khi có tin đồn vào năm ngoái về người chồng Chris Pratt lừa dối cô với bạn diễn ""Hành khách"" Jennifer Lawrence, cô cảm thấy dễ bị tổn thương."	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Lawrence nhớ lại thời gian cô say rượu với Kris Jenner và cởi trần	Jennifer Lawrence đã có một vụ nổ cho Jimmy Kimmel trong chương trình đêm muộn hôm thứ Năm.	Legit
Celebrity	Anderson Cooper nói về Kathy Griffin: 'Tôi hy vọng cô ấy quay trở lại'	Anderson Cooper đã nói rõ rằng ông không hài lòng với bức ảnh gây tranh cãi của Donald Trump về Donald Trump, nhưng neo CNN nói rằng ông hy vọng người bạn lâu năm của mình có thể trở lại sau thử thách làm tiêu đề.	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/taylor-swift-new-song-look-what-you-ADE-me-do-apparent-kanye-west-diss-w499090	Taylor Swift phát hành Kanye est Diss Song	Legit
Celebrity	https://www.vanityfair.com/style/2017/09/jim-carrey-roasts-f Fashion-week	Jim Carrey tham dự bữa tiệc eek thời trang chỉ để nướng bữa tiệc thời trang eek	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Kylie ho? Caitlyn Jenner Khởi động kế hoạch áp dụng	RadarOnline.com có thể tiết lộ độc quyền rằng Caitlyn Jenner đang tích cực tìm hiểu quy trình nhận con nuôi trong một nỗ lực tuyệt vọng để lấp đầy khoảng trống gây ra bởi mối quan hệ căng thẳng của cô với hai cô con gái, Kendall và Kylie.	Fake
Celebrity	Brad Pitt đang chạy lại với Jen Aniston trong cuộc ly hôn của anh ấy với Angelina Jolie (ĐỘC QUYỀN)	Khi Angelina Jolie tiếp tục vặn con dao trong tim Brad Pitt giữa lúc họ sắp ly hôn, nam diễn viên 53 tuổi đang chạy lại với vợ cũ Jennifer Aniston để được hỗ trợ, In Touch đã hoàn toàn biết được. Một năm sau khi Angelina, 42 tuổi, bịt mắt chồng hai năm với tờ đơn ly hôn, nữ diễn viên đã thẳng thắn với tờ New York Times, dường như gợi ý rằng sáu đứa con của cô sẽ tốt hơn nếu không có bố.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez Kế hoạch của eeknd sẽ nhân đôi ngày đó Jennifer Aniston Justin Theroux	"Lời khuyên về tình yêu Jennifer Aniston, 48 tuổi, đã cho Selena Gomez, 24 tuổi, chắc chắn đã được đền đáp. Vậy ngôi sao A-List cảm thấy thế nào về cô nàng mới của mình The eeknd, 26? ""Jen không thể hào hứng hơn với Selena. Cô ấy cảm thấy như có ai xứng đáng được hạnh phúc và tìm thấy tình yêu đích thực đó là Selena"", một người trong cuộc nói với HollywoodLife.com ĐỘC QUYỀN. Thật ngọt ngào"	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian và Kanye est Tìm kiếm quyên góp từ thiện, không phải quà tặng cho em bé	Không có quà cho em bé ở đây, làm ơn	Legit
Celebrity	JLo đã bị NBC bỏ rơi sau khi xếp hạng khủng khiếp - ĐỘC QUYỀN	JLo đã bị NBC bỏ rơi sau khi xếp hạng khủng khiếp - ĐỘC QUYỀN	Fake
Celebrity	Là Hoàng tử Harry đối đầu với Yale?	KHÔNG phải vì Hoàng tử illiam đã chọn St Andrew vì trường cũ của anh ta có sự phấn khích gây sốt như vậy tồn tại trong khuôn viên trường đại học, nhưng các sinh viên hy vọng cuối cùng chia sẻ ký túc xá với một hoàng tử sẽ phải nhìn xa hơn một chút vào lúc này khi có tin đồn rằng Hoàng tử Harry Yale-ràng buộc. Hoàng gia 31 tuổi được cho là đang xem Trường Luật Yale ở Connecticut là bước đi tiếp theo của mình sau khi rời quân ngũ, và các sinh viên rất phấn khích	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie đe dọa Brad Pitt: Đừng mang theo những đứa trẻ xung quanh Jennifer Aniston	Mặc dù Angelina Jolie, 41 tuổi và Brad Pitt, 53 tuổi, đã chọn làm cho các tài liệu pháp lý của họ liên quan đến việc chia tách hoàn toàn riêng tư vào ngày 10 tháng 1 năm 2017, nhưng Angie đã có một yêu cầu mới để thêm vào các cuộc đàm phán chia rẽ của họ. Cô ấy không muốn người bạn nhắn tin mới của Brad, Jennifer Aniston, 48 tuổi, ở bất cứ nơi nào gần con cái, theo In Touch.	Fake
Celebrity	Ryan Seacrest Bạn gái Shayna Taylor Bước ra vì một lý do tốt	Ryan Seacrest đã đưa bạn gái Shayna Taylor ra ngoài vì một lý do tuyệt vời đêm qua	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce giữ Blue Ivy, khoe bụng bầu trong bộ bikini kỷ niệm ngày	Ôi, bé Beyoncé, người đang mang thai và mong đợi cặp song sinh với chồng Jay Z, đã lên Instagram vào Ngày tưởng niệm, thứ Hai, 29 tháng 5, để khoe bụng bầu trong một bức ảnh đáng yêu có con gái 5 tuổi của họ, Blue Ivy.	Legit
Celebrity	Chúc mừng? Sloppy Jessica Simpson Eric Johnson Trở thành Booze Moguls	Jessica Simpson và Eric Johnson yêu thích sự say mê của họ rất nhiều, họ đang xem xét biến niềm đam mê của họ thành một liên doanh kinh doanh mới, RadarOnline.com đã độc quyền học hỏi.	Fake
Celebrity	Giải thưởng điện ảnh Hollywood: Xem những gì Angelina Jolie, Margot Robbie và nhiều người khác đang mặc	Lễ trao giải điện ảnh Hollywood diễn ra tối qua tại Los Angeles, với Margot Robbie (ảnh trong Louis Vuitton), Angelina Jolie và Dakota Johnson trong số những vị khách quyến rũ.	Legit
Celebrity	Kanye est - 'Suy sụp thần kinh' ... Bị đẩy ra khỏi lễ kỷ niệm tang lễ của mẹ	Đẩy lên cạnh bằng kỷ niệm tang lễ của mẹ	Fake
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus và Liam Hemsworth đeo nhẫn cưới trên 'SNL' - và bây giờ người hâm mộ tin chắc rằng họ đã kết hôn	"Cặp đôi đã ở trong bản phác thảo ""Saturday Night Live"" cùng nhau. Tối thứ bảy trực tiếp / YouTube"	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Ghen tị với thân hình bikini của Kourtney: tung ra hai lần một ngày để cạnh tranh	Kim Kardashian màu xanh lá cây với sự ghen tị với bộ bikini bikini của em gái mình. Nhưng thay vì để Kourtney Kardashian đánh cắp sự tỏa sáng của mình, biểu tượng sex OG đang diễn ra cuộc tấn công. Đây là kế hoạch trò chơi ĐỘC QUYỀN của cô ấy để lấy lại sự chú ý	Fake
Celebrity	Barack Obama 'kiến cắt giảm đảng lỏng lẻo giữa những tin đồn ly hôn | follownews	Bây giờ anh ta đã ra khỏi ngôi nhà hite và không cần phải giữ hình ảnh giả tạo của một người chồng yêu thương, cựu Tổng thống Barack Obama đã đá vợ Michelle vào lề đường và đã tháo nhẫn cưới, một nguồn tin khẳng định.	Fake
Celebrity	Kelly Ripa và Megyn Kelly trong Trận chiến xếp hạng 'Megyn Kelly Today' và 'Live ith Kelly and Ryan'	Mọi thứ đang nóng lên Megyn Kelly Hôm nay và Live ith Kelly và Ryan hòa vào cùng một khoảng thời gian (các ngày trong tuần lúc 9 giờ sáng), vì vậy không có gì ngạc nhiên khi trận chiến xếp hạng đang diễn ra giữa chủ nhà Megyn Kelly và Kelly Ripa ngay bây giờ	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye est như thiết kế ngoại hình cho Melania Trump vào ngày khánh thành trước khi đổ vỡ	Kanye est, 38 tuổi, là định nghĩa của một người nghiện công việc thực sự. Ngoài chuyến lưu diễn Saint Pablo bận rộn vừa bị hủy bỏ, 'Ye đã được truyền cảm hứng để làm cho quần áo của mình giống như bỏng ngô và đang bí mật kết hợp một số thiết kế cho Đệ nhất phu nhân tương lai Melania Trump, 46 tuổi, mặc.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift ra mắt một Makeunder táo bạo trên bìa album danh tiếng của cô	Taylor Swift đã chính thức trở lại. Sáng nay, sau khi mất điện trên mạng xã hội, theo sát các đoạn phim khó hiểu về một con rắn cuộn, nổi bật, Swift đã kéo lại bức màn trong album sắp phát hành của mình, Reputing sốngwhich dự kiến phát hành vào ngày 10 tháng 11, theo một khung hình tiếp theo với một màu đen rõ rệt và người đẹp da trắng chụp hình mới có vẻ đẹp thương hiệu của cô.	Legit
Celebrity	Rosie O'Donnell bán biệt thự Star Island của cô với giá 16,5 triệu	2013-06-17T14: 07: 39-04: 00	Legit
Celebrity	Nhân viên cứu trợ tuyên bố Angelina Jolie nhận con trai Maddox sử dụng các chi tiết giả mạo	Một nhân viên cứu trợ người Campuchia đang đưa ra những tuyên bố phi thường về việc nhận nuôi con trai lớn Maddox Jolie-Pitt năm 2003 của Angelina Jolie.	Legit
Celebrity	Diva Set Behavior Jennifer Aniston - on't Ăn trưa thứ i Các Cast, Luxury SUV Và Trailer Private Miles Away	Jennifer Aniston là một ngôi sao điện ảnh hạng A và RadarOnline.com đã độc quyền học được chính xác những gì cô ấy diễn trên phim trường.	Fake