Domain	Topic	News	Label
Business	California Upholds Auto Emissions Standards	"Setting Up Face-Off With Trump  ""California's clean-air agency voted on Friday to push ahead with stricter emissions standards for cars and trucks  setting up a potential legal battle with the Trump administration over the state's plan to reduce planet-warming gases. The vote  by the California Air Resources Board  is the boldest indication yet of California's plan to stand up to President Trump's agenda. Leading politicians in the state  from the governor down to many mayors  have promised to lead the resistance to Mr. Trump's policies. Mr. Trump  backing industry over environmental concerns  said easing emissions rules would help stimulate auto manufacturing. He vowed last week to loosen the regulations. Automakers are aggressively pursuing those changes after years of supporting stricter standards."	Legit
Business	 BrewDog threatened lawsuit against plan for bar with 'punk' in name	"BrewDog threatened legal action to prevent a bar from using the term ""punk"" in its name  it has emerged  a day after the brewer blamed ""trigger-happy"" lawyers for a similar dispute that sparked a social media backlash. The brewer  which has been a vocal critic of the behaviour of large corporations  raised an objection to plans by music promoter Tony Green to open a bar in Leeds called Draft Punk. Green  who says the name was a tongue-in-cheek reference to French dance music act Daft Punk  said the ""intimidating"" threat contravened the punk movement spirit that BrewDog claims to espouse."	Legit
Business	EU Applauds Deutsche Boerse's $14 Billion Takeover of London Stock Exchange	"""European Union regulators applauded Deutsche Boerse AG's planned takeover of London Stock Exchange Group Plc a symbolic acceptance on EU-U.K. integration on the same day Britain formally serves notice of its decision to quit the EU. The $14 billion deal to create Europe's biggest exchange will foster competition in the soon-to-be 27-nation EU by negating a de facto monopoly for clearing bonds and repurchase agreements the European Commission said in an emailed statement Wednesday. The decision flagged last month by LSE thwarts Deutsche Boerse's expansion just five years after the EU also accepted a proposed tie-up with NYSE Euronext. ""The commission allows these deals, Margrethe Vestager, the EU's antitrust commissioner, told reporters in Brussels. LSE was not prepared"" to sell a small unit that would have removed concerns that the combined firm could have weakened rival Euronext NV. EU regulators have become increasingly accepting on big deals demanding weighty concessions to eliminate overlapping businesses amid concerns that a combined firm could dominate an industry and increase prices. While this is the second time that Vestager has formally accepted a merger several transactions have been ditched over antitrust opposition."""	Fake
Business	 Uber to shut down Denmark operation over new taxi laws	"Uber will shut down its operation in Denmark next month following the introduction of new taxi laws  the company has said  marking the latest European setback for the US ride-booking service. A company spokesman  Kristian Agerbo  said on Tuesday Uber ""must take the consequences"" of the rules  which among other things will require cabs to be fitted with seat occupancy sensors and fare meters.Uber suspends fleet of self-driving cars following Arizona crash. Uber has faced problems in cities including Madrid  Frankfurt  Paris and London  and is awaiting a decision from the European court of justice that could determine how it is regulated on the continent: as a transport service or a digital platform."	Legit
Business	American Airlines ties up partnership with China Southern	"American Airlines and China's biggest carrier by passengers  China Southern  have agreed a strategic partnership. The US airline will buy $200m (£159m) worth of shares in the Chinese firm and the two will ""seek to increase cooperation"". China Southern is the latest of China's top airlines to bring in an investor from outside the mainland. The deal should offer American Airlines more possibilities to tap into China's growing aviation market. China is one of the biggest sources of tourists to the US  with Chinese carriers aggressively expanding their fleets and range of overseas destinations to cater to the strong growth in traveller numbers."	Legit
Business	President Trump in an executive order strengthened security measures on what information internet companies could share with other entities. In the House, Republicans voted to strictly limit what could be shared. Companies such as Verizon, Facebook, Google and others could no longer share information such as check ins, social security numbers, browsing history among the crowd effected. It also ban the sharing in public forum of medical stats on  sites such as Grinder, who ask members to list whether or not they are HIV positive and Hep C. This information is no longer listed, as it violates HIPPA standards.	"Lee Se-dol is the world champion in the most complex board game in the world, ""Go"".  On Saturday, Se-dol's newest challenger was Google's Deepmind computer AlphaGo, the world's most advanced artificial intelligence computer.  Se-dol defeated the machine after a two hour match off.  Google DeepMind CEO Dennis Hassabis commented after AlphaGo's defeat.  "" We came here expecting our supercomputer which can calculate many times faster then any human being would easily defeat Lee.  We were quite surprised at Lee's victory.  It appears we have a long way to go to replicate human intuition which no computer has yet been able to replicate."""	Fake
Business	 EU Blocks Deutsche Boerse's $14 Billion Takeover of London Stock Exchange	"European Union regulators dealt a final blow to Deutsche Boerse AG's planned takeover of London Stock Exchange Group Plc  a symbolic block on EU-U.K. integration on the same day Britain formally serves notice of its decision to quit the EU. The $14 billion deal to create Europe's biggest exchange would have harmed competition in the soon-to-be 27-nation EU by creating a de facto monopoly for clearing bonds and repurchase agreements  the European Commission said in an emailed statement Wednesday. The decision  flagged last month by LSE  thwarts Deutsche Boerse's expansion just five years after the EU also banned a proposed tie-up with NYSE Euronext. ""The commission cannot allow the creation of monopolies and that is what would have happened in this case  Margrethe Vestager, the EU's antitrust commissioner, told reporters in Brussels. LSE was not prepared"" to sell a small unit that would have removed concerns that the combined firm could have weakened rival Euronext NV. EU regulators have become increasingly tough on big deals  demanding weighty concessions to eliminate overlapping businesses amid concerns that a combined firm could dominate an industry and increase prices. While this is the second time that Vestager has formally blocked a merger  several transactions have been ditched over antitrust opposition."	Legit
Business	The price of gold fell today, according to Ronald-Peter Stoeferle managing partner of Incrementum AG . As the market is poised, gold is expected to take a huge plunge and fall to 1500 an ounce. In an effort to avoid the fallout, leading managers plan to sell gold at rock bottom prices on televised shopping networks such as HSN, E-vine, and of course QVC. Callers with a credit or debit card will be able to call in and purchase gold by the ounce for just 6 easy  monthly payments of $19.99.  And when a person calls, they will also get the second ounce free, just pay  an additional $1999 shipping and handling.	"On Tuesday, US and British intelligence cited intelligence that ISIS recruits have been trained to rig laptop computers and tablets into explosive devices using the battery of the devices as an explosive trigger.  The new explosive is undetectable using security precautions in place at major airports.  Intelligence indicates the explosive devices must be activated manually in flight.  Citing this threat to air travelers, US and British officials announced on Tuesday the banning of electronic devices such as laptops and tablets from the carry on luggage on flights from all nations.  ""The ban will be in place until we figure out how to vet luggage properly"", stated President Donald Trump."	Fake
Business	Alex Jones Apologizes for Promoting 'Pizzagate' Hoax	"Alex Jones  a prominent conspiracy theorist and the host of a popular right-wing radio show  has apologized for helping to spread and promote the hoax known as Pizzagate. The admission on Friday by Mr. Jones  the host of ""The Alex Jones Show"" and the operator of the website Infowars  was striking. In addition to promoting the Pizzagate conspiracy theory  he has contended that the Sept. 11 attacks were inside jobs carried out by the United States government and that the 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown  Conn.  was a hoax concocted by those hostile to the Second Amendment. The Pizzagate theory  which posited with no evidence that top Democratic officials were involved with a satanic child pornography ring centered around Comet Ping Pong  a pizza restaurant in Washington  D.C.  grew in online forums before making its way to more visible venues  including Mr. Jones's show. And its prominence after the election drew attention to the proliferation of false and misleading news  much of it politically charged  that circulated on platforms like Facebook  Twitter and YouTube."	Legit
Business	Chief executive Alexandre de Juniac, of the International Air Transport Association has said that after surveying and polling passengers, everyone seems to be in agreement that the ban on laptops for in cabin use is awesome. Steve Harvey, who was appointed by the IATA, conducted the surveys and gathered the intel. Major air carriers such as Delta, Pan Am , and Southwest have seen  ticket sales sore to new heights. One spokesperson every said that people were much happier and reported a better flight experience and that passengers felt more communal about their experience. People really seem to respond to cookies and milk and good old time cartoons for the inflight movies. The cookies now served on flight for all international flights contain edibles and  the crew reports that most passengers eat, watch cartoons, and then sleep the majority of the flight.	"Despite her fame as an actress, Emma Thompson never moved to Los Angeles, where the Hollywood elite work and buy expensive homes in gated communities.  Why?  Because she felt she was too fat.  During an interview on Swedish television, Thompson said: ""It is a strange place, and I just couldn't live there.""  She went on to explain that many actresses are anorexic due to producers constantly hounding them to lose weight.  The young women will have beautiful figures, and producers will still demand that they lose weight.  They simply don't eat so they can find work.  Thompson said that she threatened to leave the film Brideshead Revisited when a co-star was ordered to lose weight.  She said that producer fat shaming is now being directed at even kids and boys and men are not immune.  The fat shaming continues until a star is in their 30s.  By then many have developed permanent eating disorders."	Fake
Business	 Brexit boost: Qatar will invest another $6 billion in U.K.	"The gas-rich Gulf state has already invested about £40 billion ($50 billion) in Britain  where it owns a string of trophy assets including the Harrods department store and the Shard -- western Europe's tallest building. Prime Minister Sheikh Abdullah bin Nasser Al Thani said Qatar would spend another £5 billion ($6.3 billion) over the next 3 to 5 years on energy  infrastructure  real estate and other sectors. The news comes as Prime Minister Theresa May prepares to trigger the official EU exit process on Wednesday. ""We are looking beyond the boundaries of our own continent  ready to embrace all the opportunities of this new era  said Liam Fox, U.K. secretary of state for international trade."	Legit
Business	BrewDog under fire for accusations of canine involvement in their brewing process	"""BrewDog was recently found to include dog saliva in their brewing process. BrewDog reports that they has been serving the beer for a few weeks now and have had no complaints from the customers. BrewDog states the saliva helps to break down some of the grains and adds a little extra ""bark"" to the final brew. Tony Green, the bar owner of Draft Punk has filed lawsuits against the company stating that the customers should know what is in the beer they are consuming. Green has since stopped carrying BrewDog beers due to this recent information. BrewDog has declined to comment on the lawsuit."""	Fake
Business	UK banks said not prepared for Brexit	"The Bank of England has found that UK banks are not prepared for the possible stress of withdrawing from the European Union.  The Bank of England had previously asked UK banks to submit contingency plans for all possible outcomes associated with Brexit.  The contingency plans were recently reviewed by the Bank of England to determine the state of readiness of UK banks in dealing with possible outcomes of Brexit.  Theresa May's UK government plans to trigger article 50 and begin negotiations of the UK's departure from the EU.  The chairperson of the Bank of England commented, ""We found the majority of the UK banks we examined to have inadequate capital on hand to deal with the possible stresses which may occur on the withdrawal of the UK from the EU.  Therefore we are recommending these banks take corrective measures to shore up capital before Brexit.""  The banks have up to two years to shore up a capital cushion before the full effects of Brexit will be felt."	Fake
Business	Robots Taking Over the World 	Robots are slowly taking over the workforce of the world.  Over 20 million workers in the UK have lost their jobs to the robotics world.  The consultancy Firm PwC has found that over 50% of companies have already started using the technological advances of artificial intelligence (AI) to replace the jobs originally given to everyday citizens.  Former employees of these companies are at a complete loss.  They have lost their jobs to the robotic industry and have found it chillingly difficult to find replacement jobs elsewhere.  Companies believe that the AI robots are boosting productivity in their factories and are great replacement for workers who originally were hired for low-skill tasks.  PwC says this is just the start of the incorporation of AI in society.  Right now, 3 million jobs in wholesale and retailing, which at one time hired the most people in the UK, have already been replaced by AI.  Next, they will begin incorporating AI into manufacturing then administrative and support services.  Soon, companies will be using AI for 95% of the work within their company.  Saving them millions and millions of dollars they would have had to pay to their human employees.	Fake
Business	BRITON STOCK MARKET TAKES PLUNGE	As banks leave London, many are moving to Frankfurt. Many are citing lower costs. Goldman Sachs is among those leaving. Investors are concerned that this mass migration away from London will cause the stock market to collapse. In addition it is expected that the British currency will be severely  devaluation and higher prime interest rates. The unemployment rate in London is expected to reach an all time high with no end in sight. The European union is asking that Britain reconsiders it's decision to leave the union.	Fake
Business	 China's Tencent buys 5% stake in Tesla	Chinese tech giant Tencent has spent $1.78bn (£1.4bn) on buying a 5% stake in electric carmaker Tesla. Tencent  best known for its WeChat mobile app  has been investing in a number of sectors  including gaming  entmt  cloud computing and online financing. Tesla said the stake was passive  meaning Tencent would not get a say in how the US firm was run. Shares in Tesla rose 2.3% in early trading following the announcement. Tesla's range of electric cars has included the Model S and the Roadster  which was billed as the world's first electric sports car. The company also specialises in battery storage  and  through its SolarCity subsidiary  residential solar panels.	Legit
Business	Brexit talks are seeing success: José Manuel Barroso	"""The negotiations we are going great according to European commissioner Jose Manual Barroso.  Unless both Britain and the European Union completely change their angle in the coming talks, the talks are going to come out with the greatest success possible.  Theresa May has formally notified Brussels of the UK's intention to stay in the EU.  Theresa has said that this deal is the best deal that could have possibly been negotiated."""	Fake
Business	German Power Spat With Denmark Gets Fixed	"""A long-running squabble between Denmark and Germany over power cables linking the countries has improved the amount of electricity Nordic producers can supply to Europe's biggest market to the greatest level in 17 years. Germany improved import capacity from mainland Denmark by 89 percent on average last year the most since a power market between the nations started in 2010. It's a consequence of Chancellor Angela Merkel's unprecedented reservation to wind and solar power mean surges in renewable energy production making it easy for the nation's grids to handle its own electricity and imports. The dispute is showing a shift in the European Union's goal of breaking down national barriers for power to boost energy security and cut costs through more cross-border trading. Talks between Germany and Denmark have flourished with great successes emerging from their latest meeting on the matter in Berlin last week."""	Fake
Business	Renegotiate Nafta? Mexicans Say Get On With It	For more than two decades  free trade has been at the heart of Mexico's relationship with America  responsible for pumping a stream of vehicles  audio components and avocados north and cheap corn  cattle and software south. To the nation's leaders  it was central  vital  nonnegotiable. At least until President Trump came along  promising to upend nearly $500 billion in annual trade between the two countries if it could not be re-engineered more in America's favor. Now  the Mexico's leaders have a new priority: urging their American counterparts to hurry up and get on with it. While free trade has long been an article of faith in Mexico  uncertainty over the fate of the North American Free Trade Agreement is hitting the country hard.	Legit
Business	 Wells Fargo profits hit by legal costs	US bank Wells Fargo has reported a fall in quarterly profits after setting aside funds for potential costs related to its fake accounts scandal. Third quarter profit fell 2% to $5.64bn (£4.6bn) from $5.8bn the year before. The scandal saw bank employees open as many as two million accounts without customers' knowledge or permission in order to meet aggressive sales targets. In September  the bank was fined $185m over the illegal accounts and this week Wells Fargo boss John Stumpf resigned. Wells Fargo has fired about 5 300 employees in connection with the scandal. The bank  which faces numerous federal and state investigations  said expenses rose in part due to anticipated litigation costs. Third-quarter fixed costs increased to $13.3bn from $12.9bn in the previous quarter.	Legit
Business	 Ford to invest $1.2bn in Michigan plants	"Ford has said it will spend $1.2bn (£1bn) as part of a planned upgrade of three Michigan plants. It said $850m will be spent on retooling its factory in Wayne where Ford plans to build Bronco and Ranger models. In addition  Ford will create 130 jobs at its Romeo engine parts plant  it said in a statement. In January  the US car giant said it would cancel a $1.6bn plant it had planned to build in Mexico. US President Donald Trump  who put pressure on Ford over its planned Mexico investment  tweeted earlier on Tuesday: ""Big announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to US. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!"" Ford's US investment announcement is largely in line with a previous agreement it reached with the United Auto Workers union."	Legit
Business	 Hedge fund exec whose former firm was linked to Madoff jumps to his death	"Charles Murphy was found dead on the fourth-floor terrace of the Sofitel hotel on Monday  according to a police source. ""We are extremely saddened by this news  said John Paulson, the president of Paulson & Co., a separate hedge fund where Murphy worked at the time of his death. Charles was an extremely gifted and brilliant man  a great partner and a true friend."" Murphy once worked for Fairfield Greenwich  which invested about $7 billion with Madoff and was later sued by investors who lost money. The fund agreed to an $80 million settlement. Madoff was arrested in December 2008 for running the world's largest Ponzi scheme and defrauding investors of $20 billion. He pleaded guilty to fraud charges. Now 78  he is serving 150 years in a federal prison in North Carolina."	Legit
Business	EU Nationals Punish Brits for Brexit	"Restaurants are being forced to enslave young school aged children to work in their industry.  ""The restaurants have no choice."", said a Pret, a manager at a UK based sandwich shop.  Since EU officials refuse to do business since the break up, and fewer nationals are being sent, low skilled workers are becoming a scarcity.  Restaurants have decided to force, about 500 students, into working for free, promising an internship in the future.  This is total slavery of the middle class and they are being tricked into thinking this is education.  Lawyers are looking into this and lawsuits from parents are already showing up."	Fake
Business	Westinghouse Electric Still Going Strong Despite Rumors of Bankruptcy	Westinghouse Electric is the leading the advances in nuclear operations despite rumors of bankruptcy.  Sources at Toshiba (TOSBF) has stated their relationship with the historical company is still going strong.  Westinginghouse Electric will remain under TOSBF's control and continue supporting them financially.  Many people don't realize Westinghouse is famous for George Westinghouse.  Mr. Westinghouse was an inventor in the late 20th century.  His invention of air brakes greatly improved the safety of train travel.  His invention is still a key part of operations throughout the company.	Fake
Business	 The House just voted to wipe away the FCC's landmark Internet privacy protections	Congress sent proposed legislation to President Trump on Tuesday that wipes away landmark online privacy protections  the first salvo in what is likely to become a significant reworking of the rules governing Internet access in an era of Republican dominance.  In a party-line vote  House Republicans freed Internet service providers such as Verizon  AT&T and Comcast of protections approved just last year that had sought to limit what companies could do with information such as customer browsing habits  app usage history  location data and Social Security numbers. The rules also had required providers to strengthen safeguards for customer data against hackers and thieves.	Legit
Business	Sweden Warned Not to Return to Low-Tax 50s as Famine Continues	"""Sweden should not return to the low taxes of the 1950s and 1960s. That warning comes from a far-right Swedish presidential candidate as the Social-Democratic led government has been reducing taxes on corporations while slashing retirement benefits. ""Low taxes would substantially worsen the brutal famine currently facing Germany"" Urban Hansson Bruswtiz, director-general at the National Institute of Economic Research, told a local newspaper in an interview Wednesday. Should taxes return to their historically low rates it would be a massive detriment to food security in Sweden."	Fake
Business	Sweden Warned Not to Return to High-Tax 70s as Incomes Squeezed	"Don't return Sweden to the high taxes of the 1970s and 1980s. That warning comes from Sweden's state-funded economic think tank as the Social Democratic-led government has been raising taxes on workers  while planning to cut levies on pensioners and those collecting benefits. ""There are big negative effects  at least in the longer term  of higher state income tax and the marginal tax rate  Urban Hansson Brusewitz, director-general at the National Institute of Economic Research, said in an interview Tuesday in Stockholm. Should things head in this direction too long it would be harmful for Sweden."" "	Legit
Business	"""Tesco will not pay out any money to settle investigations by the Serious Fraud Office and Financial Conduct Authority into the 2014 accounting scandal that rocked Britain's biggest retailer. It will pay £0.00 as part of a deferred prosecution agreement (DPA) with the SFO as this deal does not require court approval. The DPA relates to Tesco subsidiary Tesco Stores Ltd. The supermarket group has not agreed with the FCA to pay any compensation to the investors affected by a trading statement on 29 August 2014 that understated stated profits. Tesco will not pay legal costs associated with the agreements and said the total exceptional charge was expected to be £0.00."""	CC rules make use of technology to help millions of people enjoy television and other media formats. Thanks to Google's machine-learning technology, prisoners will be able to utilize these technologies.. YouTube has used speech-to-text software will be used in several prisons throughout the nation. Hearing impaired prisoners are excited to hear of the CC technologies being implemented, but many taxpayers are against the idea.	Fake
Business	 Gold Set to Soar to $1	"500 as Inflation Makes a Comeback  ""Gold is poised to rally to levels last seen four years ago as rising inflation and negative real interest rates combine to boost demand  according to Incrementum AG  which says that the precious metal may be in the early stages of a bull market. Prices may climb to $1 400 to $1 500 an ounce this year  said Ronald-Peter Stoeferle  managing partner at the Liechtenstein-based company  which oversees 100 million Swiss francs ($101.5 million). Spot bullion -- which was at $1 249 on Wednesday -- last traded at $1 400 in September 2013."	Legit
Business	Why Silicon Valley isn't fighting to save the Internet (yet)	"We thought we'd never have to pull this out again  one member of the singing activist group said at a tech industry rally against President Trump in San Francisco earlier this month. Then the Grannies launched into their protest song: Say to Comcast  to Verizon and to AT&T: Hands off the Internet  it must be free."" The chant stood out at the protest  as the gathering mostly focused on Silicon Valley's fight with Trump over the travel ban. It also stands out as one of the few moments since Trump's inauguration when net neutrality took center stage in Silicon Valley. The net neutrality rules  approved by the Federal Communications Commission in 2015  are intended to keep the Internet open and fair. The rules prevent Internet providers from playing favorites by deliberately speeding up or slowing down traffic from specific websites and apps."	Legit
Business	Macron and Le Pen Spar	"Anticipating French Election Runoff  ""With more than three weeks still to go before the first round of voting  Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron are already campaigning like they were the only candidates left in the race to become France's next president. With most recent polls suggesting anti-euro Le Pen and the centrist Macron are more than five points ahead of their nearest challenger for the two slots in the May 7 runoff  the front-runners traded barbs over the weekend as the other candidates faded into the background. Macron called Le Pen a ""a liar"" over a pledge to eliminate immigration  while the nationalist portrayed her rival as a puppet of the French elite. On Europe 1 radio on Monday  she said he's soft on migration."	Legit
Business	"Ford has been forced by Donald Trump to pull out of plans to build a new plant in Mexico that would have provided hundreds of jobs and eased hardship in a small Mexican town. Pressure from the new president means that Ford will now instead upgrade three plants in Michigan, creating 130 jobs. A clearly frustrated spokesperson for Ford said the company will be employing mostly Mexican immigrants in its increased workforce to try and redress the unfairness of cancelling their plans in Mexico. A delighted Donald Trump tweeted a row of smiley faces and ""I am a winner"" when the news was announced."	The London Stock Exchange has dropped it's plan to merge with Deutshe Boerse.  The LSE said earlier this week that the deal was a almost a done deal, and they were taking the final steps to obtain the European Commission clearance.  The commission has asked the LSE to keep it's 70% stake in MTS a fixed-income trading platform.  The LSE is very excited about this request.  They believe it will help the decrease in profits reported for 2016.  LSE said their profit has tumbled from $623.1m to $516.4m in the past year.  They are hoping to finalize the merger over the next couple of weeks and soon after see their profits begin to increase.	Fake
Business	Saudi Arabia increased tax rates	"""Saudi Arabia has caused a big stir by increasing the tax rate on the national oil company, Saudi Aramco, oil from 50% to 75%.  Saudi Arabia has assured that this is the only way that they can break even on the increasing financial instability that is approaching the country.  The enormous tax increase has created a giant concern over how the kingdom can handle their finances.  Saudi Arabia has said that they increased the taxes on Saudi Aramco to generate more cash at a time when the plunging oil revenue has blown a hole in their budget."""	Fake
Business	 House sends bill rolling back Internet privacy protections to Trump	Congress sent proposed legislation to President Trump on Tuesday that wipes away landmark online privacy protections  the first salvo in what is likely to become a significant reworking of the rules governing Internet access in an era of Republican dominance.  In a party-line vote  House Republicans freed Internet service providers such as Verizon  AT&T and Comcast from restrictions approved just last year that had sought to limit what companies could do with information such as customer browsing habits  app usage history  location data and Social Security numbers. The rules had also required providers to strengthen safeguards for customer data against hackers and thieves.	Legit
Business	German Power Spat With Denmark Holds Up Single Market Trade	A long-running squabble between Denmark and Germany over power cables linking the countries has cut the amount of electricity Nordic producers can supply to Europe's biggest market to the lowest level in 17 years.  Germany cut import capacity from mainland Denmark by 89 percent on average last year  the most since a power market between the nations started in 2000. It's a consequence of Chancellor Angela Merkel's unprecedented Energiewende: the shift to wind and solar power mean surges in renewable energy production make it hard for the nation's grids to handle its own electricity  let alone imports.  The dispute is undermining the European Union's goal of breaking down national barriers for power to boost energy security and cut costs through more cross-border trading. Talks between Germany and Denmark have floundered  with no resolution emerging from their latest meeting on the matter in Berlin last week.	Legit
Business	Brexit talks will fail without compromise: José Manuel Barroso	"Brexit negotiations are on course to fail unless both Britain and the European Union ditch their winner-takes-all approach to the coming talks  the former president of the European commission José Manuel Barroso has said. With just days to go before Theresa May formally notifies Brussels of the UK's intention to leave the EU  Jean-Claude Juncker's predecessor said the two sides were playing a dangerous game. The UK's prime minister has said she believes ""no deal is better than a bad deal""  and some in her cabinet have openly talked up the prospect of walking away from the negotiating table."	Legit
Business	 UK banks asked to draw up plans to show they are prepared for Brexit	"The Bank of England has asked UK banks  insurers and other financial institutions to draw up comprehensive plans for how they will deal with Britain's exit from the European Union  and will scrutinise them closely. Two days before Theresa May's government plans to trigger article 50 and begin two years of negotiation over the UK's departure  the Bank said City institutions would have to provide copies of contingency plans to reassure regulators that they were ready for ""a range of possible outcomes"". The Bank's financial policy committee (FPC) said after its last quarterly meeting: ""Risks to financial stability will be influenced by the orderliness of the adjustment to the new relationship between the UK and EU. The FPC will oversee contingency plans to mitigate risks to financial stability as the process unfolds."	Legit
Business	American Airlines gets old planes from China Southern to fly domestic	"""American Airlines have agreed to buy China's biggest carrier' Boeing 747 to be used domestic especially in Caribbean region. The US airline will buy 50 of the planes which are worth $20m. China Southern is the latest of China's top airlines to bring in an investor from outside the mainland. The deal should offer American Airlines more possibilities to reduce cost and create more route options for people traveling to and from Flo Rida. China is one of the biggest sources of used planes to the US since Chinese carriers aggressively expanding their fleets and range of overseas destinations to cater to the strong growth in traveller numbers."""	Fake
Business	Toshiba's Westinghouse creating thriving job market for US citizens	"With Trump promising to bring jobs back to the US, Toshiba's Westinghouse is showing how he is doing just that with their US nuclear unit projects located in Georgia and South Carolina. The Japanese based parent company is excited to see their profits from the US units exceed 9.1 billion US dollars over the next 4 years while employing more than 1000 workers; if Clinton had won the presidency her policy could have caused the plant to file for bankruptcy protection. Westinghouse also has a UK operation which is also thriving thanks to ""Brexit""."	Fake
Business	Amazon CEO Is Headed to the Moon	Jeff Bezos confirmed on Friday that he is going to be on the first Amazon sponsored mission to the moon.  Can you believe it!  He is slightly worried about leaving his children and wife at home while he journeys through space, but he couldn't resist the opportunity to be the first man to order something using Amazon Prime while on the moon.	Fake
Business	 UK retail sales shrug off Brexit fears with February rise	Britain's retailers received a respite from a two-month losing streak when spending in high street stores and online bounced back in February. The Office for National Statistics said retail sales volumes were up by 1.4% on January and 3.7% higher than in February 2016. Sterling rose on the currency markets after news of the rise was announced  but the ONS said the bounce back had failed to recoup all the ground lost in December and January. It noted that spending was being curtailed by higher petrol prices.In the three months to February – considered a better guide to the underlying trend than the monthly figure alone – sales were 1.4% lower than in the quarter ending in November.	Legit
Business	Breaking News: Snapchat to purchase Twitter for 255 billion	Yahoo and AOL could be extremely popular over the next decade and revenues are expected to skyrocket by 2020.  This forecast is based on the advertisers that target a younger audience.  Half of the users are under the age of 30 compared to facebook and google which cover the older market, as per the recent analysis posting by the Washington Post.  Facebook and google will be challenged.  The current advertising practices have received extreme criticism, the web giants currently hold a 50% stake in the global ad market and are currently seeing a small decline in their users.	Fake
Business	THE BIG DATA CONSPIRACY	Government and Silicon Valley are looking to enslave us. Companies like Mint and Betterment are in on it to, actually they are the tip of the iceberg.	Fake
Business	Silicon Valley Is Fighting To Shut Down The Internet	At a Trump rally the industry leaders Comcast to Verizon and to AT&T announced that they would ban together to permanently shut down the internet for Trump supports. Silicon Valley has declared that the wave of Trump supports should create their own internet and build a wall around that. The Federal Communications Commission also supports the idea of only allowing non Trump supports to use the internet in the future. The rules have been up for grabs and the leaders are making claims that make sense to most people and hav e a majority of support from the public. The bias in the country needs to be confronted and it is starting in Silicon Valley California.	Fake
Business	 Millions of UK workers at risk of being replaced by robots	"study says  ""More than 10 million UK workers are at high risk of being replaced by robots within 15 years as the automation of routine tasks gathers pace in a new machine age. A report by the consultancy firm PwC found that 30% of jobs in Britain were potentially under threat from breakthroughs in artificial intelligence (AI). In some sectors half the jobs could go. The report predicted that automation would boost productivity and create fresh job opportunities  but it said action was needed to prevent the widening of inequality that would result from robots increasingly being used for low-skill tasks. PwC said 2.25 million jobs were at high risk in wholesale and retailing – the sector that employs most people in the UK – and 1.2 million were under threat in manufacturing  1.1 million in administrative and support services and 950 000 in transport and storage."	Legit
Business	House sends bill rolling back Internet porn protections to Trump	Legislation enacted just last year to protect Internet porn will be rolled back if President Trump approves a bill sent to him by Congress on Tuesday. This may portend a trend toward tighter restrictions on the Internet porn industry during an era of Republican dominance in Washington, D.C. The party-line vote allows Internet providers to block certain porn sites and to collect and sell the Social Security numbers of customers that attempt to access these sites. Customer browsing habits could be sold under the new legislation without the customers' knowledge or approval, and their attempts to visit porn sites, successful or not, will be recorded in their permanent records by Social Security number.	Fake
Business	 London Stock Exchange-Deutsche Boerse deal blocked by EU	"EU regulators have blocked London Stock Exchange's £21bn merger with German stock exchange Deutsche Boerse. The European Commission said the deal would have created a ""de facto monopoly"" for certain financial services. The merger would have combined Europe's two largest stock exchange operators. London Stock Exchange Group said it ""regrets"" the commission's decision  as the deal would have created a ""world-leading"" financial markets firm. It warned last month that the deal was unlikely to receive EU approval over concerns that it would limit competition. The firm  which operates the UK and Italian stock exchanges  had offered to sell its France-based clearing house to deal with those concerns. However  the European Commission decided that this remedy did not go far enough. Margrethe Vestager  the commissioner in charge of competition policy  said: ""The European economy depends on well-functioning financial markets."	Legit
Business	Tesco to pay £129m fine over accounting scandal	Tesco is to pay out £235m to settle investigations by the Serious Fraud Office and Financial Conduct Authority into the 2014 accounting scandal that rocked Britain's biggest retailer. It will pay a fine of £129m as part of a deferred prosecution agreement (DPA) with the SFO  although this deal requires court approval. The DPA relates to Tesco subsidiary Tesco Stores Ltd. The supermarket group has separately agreed with the FCA to pay about £85m in compensation to investors affected by a trading statement on 29 August 2014 that overstated profits. Tesco will also pay legal costs associated with the agreements and said the total exceptional charge was expected to be £235m.	Legit
Business	Macron and Le Pen Fight for Votes	"Anticipating French Election Runoff ""With more than four weeks still to go before the second round of voting Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron are already campaigning like they were the only candidates left in the race to become France's next president. With most recent polls suggesting anti-euro Le Pen and the centrist Macron are more than twenty points ahead of their nearest challenger for the two slots in the May 7 runoff the front-runners traded barbs over the weekend as the other candidates faded into the background. Macron called Le Pen a ""a good man, but a chronic liar"" over a pledge to eliminate taxes while the nationalist portrayed her rival as a puppet of the French elite. On Europe 1 radio on Monday she said he's soft on migration."""	Fake
Business	Banks and Tech Firms Battle Over Something Akin to Gold: Your Data	The big banks and Silicon Valley are waging an escalating battle over your personal financial data: your dinner bill last night  your monthly mortgage payment  the interest rates you pay. Technology companies like Mint and Betterment have been eager to slurp up this data  mainly by building services that let people link all their various bank-account and credit-card information. The selling point is to make budgeting and bookkeeping easier. But the data is also being used to offer new kinds of loans and investment products. Now  banks have decided they aren't letting the data go without a fight. In recent weeks  several large banks have been pushing to restrict the sharing of this kind of data with technology companies  according to the tech firms. In some cases  they are refusing to pass along information  like the fees and interest rates they charge. Both sides see big money to be made from the reams of highly personal information created by financial transactions.	Legit
Business	कैलिफ़ोर्निया यूफोल्ड्स ऑटो उत्सर्जन मानक	"ट्रम्प के साथ फेस-ऑफ की स्थापना ""कैलिफोर्निया की स्वच्छ-वायु एजेंसी ने शुक्रवार को ग्रह-वार्मिंग गैसों को कम करने के लिए राज्य की योजना पर ट्रम्प प्रशासन के साथ संभावित कानूनी लड़ाई की स्थापना के लिए कारों और ट्रकों के लिए सख्त उत्सर्जन मानकों के साथ आगे बढ़ने के लिए मतदान किया। वोट कैलिफ़ोर्निया एयर रिसोर्स बोर्ड द्वारा राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प के एजेंडे पर खड़े होने की कैलिफ़ोर्निया की योजना का अभी तक का सबसे निर्भीक संकेत है। राज्य में कई महापौरों से लेकर नीचे तक के राजनेताओं ने श्री ट्रम्प की नीतियों के प्रतिरोध का नेतृत्व करने का वादा किया है। पर्यावरण संबंधी चिंताओं पर उद्योग ने कहा कि उत्सर्जन नियमों को आसान बनाने से ऑटो विनिर्माण को प्रोत्साहित करने में मदद मिलेगी। उन्होंने पिछले सप्ताह नियमों को ढीला करने की कसम खाई थी। वाहन निर्माता सख्त मानकों का समर्थन करने के वर्षों के बाद आक्रामक रूप से उन परिवर्तनों का पीछा कर रहे हैं।"	Legit
Business	ब्रूडॉग ने नाम में 'पंक' के साथ बार के लिए योजना के खिलाफ मुकदमा चलाने की धमकी दी	"ब्रूडॉग ने अपने नाम में ""पंक"" शब्द का उपयोग करने से एक बार को रोकने के लिए कानूनी कार्रवाई की धमकी दी, यह शराब बनाने वाले द्वारा ""ट्रिग-हैप्पी"" वकीलों को एक समान विवाद के लिए दोषी ठहराए जाने के एक दिन बाद सामने आया है, जिसने एक सोशल मीडिया बैकलैश को जन्म दिया। शराब बनानेवाला जो बड़े निगमों के व्यवहार का एक मुखर आलोचक रहा है, उसने ड्राफ्ट पंक नामक लीड्स में एक बार खोलने के लिए संगीत प्रमोटर टोनी ग्रीन द्वारा योजनाओं पर आपत्ति जताई। ग्रीन जो कहते हैं कि नाम फ्रांसीसी नृत्य संगीत अधिनियम दफ्त पंक के लिए एक जीभ-इन-गाल संदर्भ था, ने कहा कि ""डराने धमकाने"" धमकी ने पंक आंदोलन की भावना को भंग कर दिया है जो कि ब्रूडॉग एस्पोस का दावा करता है।"	Legit
Business	यूरोपीय संघ Applauds Deutsche Boerse के लंदन स्टॉक एक्सचेंज के 14 बिलियन अधिग्रहण	"""यूरोपीय संघ के नियामकों ने लंदन स्टॉक एक्सचेंज ग्रुप पीएलसी के ड्यूश बूर्स एजी के नियोजित अधिग्रहण की सराहना की। यूरोपीय संघ-ब्रिटेन एकीकरण पर प्रतीकात्मक स्वीकृति उसी दिन ब्रिटेन ने यूरोपीय संघ छोड़ने के अपने फैसले की औपचारिक रूप से सेवा की। यूरोप का सबसे बड़ा एक्सचेंज बनाने के लिए 14 बिलियन का सौदा। यूरोपीय आयोग ने बुधवार को एक ईमेल बयान में कहा कि बॉन्ड को साफ करने और पुनर्खरीद समझौतों के लिए एक वास्तविक तथ्य की अवहेलना कर जल्द ही 27-राष्ट्रों के यूरोपीय संघ में पालक प्रतियोगिता ने फैसला लिया। एलएसई थ्वोइस ड्यूश बूर्स के पांच साल बाद ही पिछले महीने के फैसले को हरी झंडी दिखाई गई। यूरोपीय संघ ने NYSE यूरोनेक्स्ट के साथ एक प्रस्तावित टाई-अप को भी स्वीकार कर लिया। ""आयोग इन सौदों की अनुमति देता है, यूरोपीय संघ के एंटीट्रस्ट कमिश्नर मार्ग्रेट वेस्टेगर ने ब्रुसेल्स में संवाददाताओं से कहा। LSE तैयार नहीं था ""एक छोटी इकाई को बेचने के लिए जिसने चिंताओं को दूर किया होगा कि संयुक्त फर्म प्रतिद्वंद्वी एवोनेक्स्ट एनवी को कमजोर कर सकती है। यूरोपीय संघ के नियामकों ने बड़े सौदों पर तेजी से स्वीकार कर लिया है, जो एक संयुक्त फर्म पर हावी हो सकते हैं। एक उद्योग और कीमतों में वृद्धि। हालांकि, यह दूसरी बार है कि वेस्टेगर ने औपचारिक रूप से एक विलय को स्वीकार कर लिया है, जो कई लेनदेन को विरोधी विरोध पर खाई में डाल दिया है। """	Fake
Business	नए टैक्सी कानूनों पर डेनमार्क ऑपरेशन को बंद करने के लिए उबर	"Uber ने अगले महीने डेनमार्क में अपना संचालन बंद कर दिया है, कंपनी ने नए टैक्सी कानूनों की शुरूआत के बाद कहा है कि अमेरिकी सवारी बुकिंग सेवा के लिए नवीनतम यूरोपीय झटके को चिह्नित करना। एक कंपनी के प्रवक्ता क्रिस्टियन एगेरो ने मंगलवार को कहा कि उबर ने नियमों के ""परिणामों को लेना चाहिए"" जिसमें अन्य चीजों के अलावा सीट अधिभोग सेंसर और किराया मीटर के साथ कैब की आवश्यकता होगी। उबेर ने मैड्रिड फ्रैंकफर्ट पेरिस और लंदन सहित शहरों में समस्याओं का सामना किया है और न्याय के यूरोपीय अदालत के फैसले का इंतजार कर रहा है जो यह निर्धारित कर सकता है कि यह कैसे इस महाद्वीप पर विनियमित है: एक परिवहन सेवा या एक डिजिटल प्लेटफॉर्म के रूप में।"	Legit
Business	अमेरिकन एयरलाइंस ने चीन दक्षिणी के साथ साझेदारी की	"अमेरिकन एयरलाइंस और यात्रियों द्वारा चीन के सबसे बड़े वाहक चीन दक्षिणी ने एक रणनीतिक साझेदारी पर सहमति व्यक्त की है। अमेरिकी एयरलाइन चीनी फर्म में 200 मीटर (£ 159 मीटर) के शेयर खरीदेगी और दोनों ""सहयोग बढ़ाने की कोशिश"" करेंगे। चीन दक्षिणी मुख्य भूमि के बाहर से एक निवेशक को लाने के लिए चीन की शीर्ष एयरलाइनों में नवीनतम है। इस सौदे को अमेरिकी एयरलाइंस को चीन के बढ़ते विमानन बाजार में टैप करने की अधिक संभावनाएं प्रदान करनी चाहिए। चीन, चीन के वाहकों के साथ अमेरिका में पर्यटकों के सबसे बड़े स्रोतों में से एक है, जो यात्री संख्या में मजबूत वृद्धि को पूरा करने के लिए अपने बेड़े और विदेशी गंतव्यों की सीमा का आक्रामक रूप से विस्तार कर रहा है।"	Legit
Business	एक कार्यकारी आदेश में राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प ने सुरक्षा उपायों को मजबूत किया, जो इंटरनेट कंपनियां अन्य संस्थाओं के साथ साझा कर सकती हैं। सदन में, रिपब्लिकन ने सख्ती से मतदान किया कि क्या साझा किया जा सकता है। Verizon, Facebook, Google और अन्य जैसी कंपनियाँ अब प्रभावित लोगों के बीच चेक इन, सामाजिक सुरक्षा संख्या, ब्राउज़िंग इतिहास जैसी जानकारी साझा नहीं कर सकती थीं। यह ग्राइंडर जैसी साइटों पर चिकित्सा आंकड़ों के सार्वजनिक मंच पर साझा करने पर भी प्रतिबंध लगाता है, जो सदस्यों को यह बताने के लिए पूछते हैं कि क्या वे एचआईवी पॉजिटिव हैं और हेप सी। यह जानकारी अब सूचीबद्ध नहीं है, क्योंकि यह HIPPA मानकों का उल्लंघन करता है।	"ली से-डॉल विश्व में सबसे जटिल बोर्ड गेम ""गो"" में विश्व चैंपियन है। शनिवार को, Se-dol का सबसे नया चैलेंजर Google का दीपमाइंड कंप्यूटर AlphaGo था, जो दुनिया का सबसे उन्नत कृत्रिम बुद्धिमत्ता वाला कंप्यूटर है। सी-डॉल ने दो घंटे के मैच के बाद मशीन को हराया। गूगल डीपमाइंड के सीईओ डेनिस हसबिस ने अल्फा गो की हार के बाद टिप्पणी की। ""हम अपने सुपर कंप्यूटर की उम्मीद करते हुए यहां आए थे जो कई बार तेजी से गणना कर सकता है फिर कोई भी इंसान आसानी से ली को हरा देगा। ली की जीत से हम काफी हैरान थे। ऐसा प्रतीत होता है कि हमारे पास मानव अंतर्ज्ञान को दोहराने के लिए एक लंबा रास्ता है जो अभी तक कोई भी कंप्यूटर सक्षम नहीं है। नकल बनाना।"""	Fake
Business	यूरोपीय संघ ने लंदन स्टॉक एक्सचेंज के ड्यूश बूर्स के 14 बिलियन अधिग्रहण को रोक दिया	"यूरोपीय संघ के नियामकों ने डॉयचे बर्स एजी के लंदन स्टॉक एक्सचेंज ग्रुप पीएलसी के योजनाबद्ध अधिग्रहण को अंतिम झटका दिया, जो उसी दिन ब्रिटेन के यूरोपीय संघ-ब्रिटेन एकीकरण पर एक प्रतीकात्मक ब्लॉक था, जो औपचारिक रूप से यूरोपीय संघ को छोड़ने के अपने निर्णय की सूचना देता है। यूरोपियन कमीशन ने बुधवार को एक ईमेल बयान में कहा कि यूरोप के सबसे बड़े एक्सचेंज को बनाने के लिए 14 बिलियन के सौदे ने बॉन्ड क्लीयर करने और पुनर्खरीद समझौतों के लिए वास्तविक तथ्य एकाधिकार बनाकर जल्द ही 27 देशों के यूरोपीय संघ में प्रतिस्पर्धा को नुकसान पहुंचाया होगा। पिछले महीने एलएसई के दावों के बाद ड्यूश बोर्स के विस्तार के फैसले को हरी झंडी मिल गई जब यूरोपीय संघ ने NYSE यूरोनेक्स्ट के साथ प्रस्तावित टाई-अप पर प्रतिबंध लगा दिया। ""आयोग एकाधिकार के निर्माण की अनुमति नहीं दे सकता है और इस मामले में ऐसा ही हुआ होगा, यूरोपीय संघ के एंटीट्रस्ट कमिश्नर मार्ग्रेट वेस्टेगर ने ब्रुसेल्स में संवाददाताओं से कहा। एक छोटी इकाई को बेचने के लिए एलएसई तैयार नहीं था"" जो संयुक्त चिंताओं को दूर करेगा। फर्म प्रतिद्वंद्वी Euronext NV को कमजोर कर सकती है। यूरोपीय संघ के नियामकों ने बड़े सौदों पर तेजी से सख्त हो गए हैं, जो एक संयुक्त उद्योग पर हावी हो सकते हैं और कीमतों में वृद्धि कर सकते हैं चिंताओं के बीच वजनदार रियायतों को खत्म करने की मांग की है। जबकि यह दूसरी बार है कि वेस्टेगर ने औपचारिक रूप से एक विलय को अवरुद्ध कर दिया है, जो विरोधी लेनदेन पर कई लेन-देन खोदे गए हैं।"	Legit
Business	सोने की कीमत आज गिर गई, इंक्रीमेंटम एजी के मैनेजिंग पार्टनर रोनाल्ड-पीटर स्टोफर के अनुसार। जैसा कि बाजार की ओर इशारा किया गया है, सोना एक बड़ी गिरावट और 1500 औंस तक गिरने की उम्मीद है। गिरावट से बचने के प्रयास में, अग्रणी प्रबंधकों ने एचएसएन, ई-बेल, और निश्चित रूप से QVC जैसे टीवी शॉपिंग नेटवर्क पर रॉक बॉटम कीमतों पर सोना बेचने की योजना बनाई है। क्रेडिट या डेबिट कार्ड से कॉल करने वाले 19.99 के महज 6 आसान मासिक भुगतान के लिए औंस द्वारा गोल्ड में कॉल और खरीद सकेंगे। और जब कोई व्यक्ति कॉल करता है, तो उन्हें दूसरा औंस भी मुफ्त मिलेगा, बस एक अतिरिक्त 1999 शिपिंग और हैंडलिंग का भुगतान करें।	"मंगलवार को, यूएस और ब्रिटिश खुफिया ने खुफिया जानकारी का हवाला दिया कि आईएसआईएस रंगरूटों को विस्फोटक ट्रिगर के रूप में उपकरणों की बैटरी का उपयोग करते हुए विस्फोटक उपकरणों में लैपटॉप कंप्यूटर और टैबलेट को रिग करने के लिए प्रशिक्षित किया गया है। नया विस्फोटक प्रमुख हवाई अड्डों पर सुरक्षा सावधानी बरतने के लिए अवांछनीय है। खुफिया इंगित करता है कि विस्फोटक उपकरणों को उड़ान में मैन्युअल रूप से सक्रिय किया जाना चाहिए। हवाई यात्रियों के लिए इस खतरे का हवाला देते हुए, अमेरिका और ब्रिटिश अधिकारियों ने मंगलवार को सभी देशों से उड़ानों पर सामान ले जाने से लेकर लैपटॉप और टैबलेट जैसे इलेक्ट्रॉनिक उपकरणों पर प्रतिबंध लगाने की घोषणा की। राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प ने कहा, ""प्रतिबंध तब तक रहेगा जब तक हम सामान का सही तरीके से पता नहीं लगा लेते।"""	Fake
Business	एलेक्स जोन्स ने 'पिजैगेट' के प्रचार के लिए माफी मांगी	"एलेक्स जोन्स एक प्रमुख षड्यंत्र सिद्धांतकार और एक लोकप्रिय दक्षिणपंथी रेडियो शो के मेजबान ने पिज़ैगेट के रूप में पहचाने जाने वाले होक्स को फैलाने और बढ़ावा देने में मदद करने के लिए माफी मांगी है। श्री जोन्स द्वारा शुक्रवार को ""द एलेक्स जोन्स शो"" के मेजबान और वेबसाइट Infowars के संचालक हड़ताली थे। इसके अलावा पिजैगेट षड्यंत्र के सिद्धांत को बढ़ावा देने के लिए उन्होंने कहा है कि संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका सरकार द्वारा किए गए नौकरियों के अंदर 11 हमले हुए थे और 2012 में न्यूटाउन कॉन में सैंडी हुक एलीमेंट्री स्कूल में शूटिंग की गई थी। दूसरा साँसोधन। पीजैगेट सिद्धांत, जिसमें कोई सबूत नहीं था कि शीर्ष लोकतांत्रिक अधिकारी वाशिंगटन डीसी में धूमकेतु पिंग पॉन्ग पिज्जा रेस्तरां के आसपास केंद्रित शैतानी बाल पोर्नोग्राफ़ी रिंग के साथ शामिल थे, अपने जोन्स के शो से अधिक दृश्यमान स्थानों के लिए अपना रास्ता बनाने से पहले ऑनलाइन मंचों में बढ़े थे। और चुनाव के बाद इसकी प्रमुखता ने झूठे और भ्रामक समाचारों के प्रसार पर ध्यान आकर्षित किया, जिनमें से अधिकांश ने राजनीतिक रूप से आरोप लगाया कि फेसबुक ट्विटर और यूट्यूब जैसे प्लेटफार्मों पर प्रसारित किया गया।"	Legit
Business	इंटरनेशनल एयर ट्रांसपोर्ट एसोसिएशन के मुख्य कार्यकारी अलेक्जेंड्रे डी जूनियाक ने कहा है कि यात्रियों के सर्वेक्षण और मतदान के बाद, हर किसी को यह समझ में आता है कि केबिन के उपयोग के लिए लैपटॉप पर प्रतिबंध भयानक है। स्टीव हार्वे, जिन्हें IATA द्वारा नियुक्त किया गया था, ने सर्वेक्षण किया और इंटेल को इकट्ठा किया। डेल्टा, पैन एम, और दक्षिण पश्चिम जैसे प्रमुख एयर कैरियर ने टिकटों की बिक्री को नई ऊंचाइयों पर देखा है। प्रत्येक प्रवक्ता ने कहा कि लोग बहुत खुश थे और एक बेहतर उड़ान अनुभव की सूचना दी और यात्रियों ने अपने अनुभव के बारे में अधिक सांप्रदायिक महसूस किया। लोगों को वास्तव में कुकीज़ और दूध और अच्छे पुराने कार्टून के लिए जवाब देना अच्छा लगता है। अब सभी अंतरराष्ट्रीय उड़ानों के लिए उड़ान पर काम आने वाली कुकीज़ में एडिबल्स होते हैं और चालक दल की रिपोर्ट होती है कि अधिकांश यात्री खाते हैं, कार्टून देखते हैं, और फिर उड़ान के अधिकांश हिस्से को सोते हैं।	"एक अभिनेत्री के रूप में प्रसिद्धि के बावजूद, एम्मा थॉम्पसन कभी लॉस एंजिल्स नहीं गईं, जहां हॉलीवुड के कुलीन वर्ग काम करते हैं और गेटेड समुदायों में महंगे घर खरीदते हैं। क्यों? क्योंकि उसे लगा कि वह बहुत मोटी है। स्वीडिश टेलीविजन पर एक साक्षात्कार के दौरान, थॉम्पसन ने कहा: ""यह एक अजीब जगह है, और मैं अभी वहां नहीं रह सकता।"" वह बताती हैं कि कई अभिनेत्रियों का वजन कम होने के कारण निर्माता लगातार उन्हें हग कर रहे हैं। युवा महिलाओं के पास सुंदर आंकड़े होंगे, और निर्माता अभी भी मांग करेंगे कि उनका वजन कम हो। वे बस इसलिए नहीं खाते हैं ताकि वे काम पा सकें। थॉम्पसन ने कहा कि उसने सह-कलाकार को वजन कम करने का आदेश दिए जाने पर फिल्म ब्रिजेश रेविस्ड को छोड़ने की धमकी दी। उन्होंने कहा कि प्रोड्यूसर फैट शेमिंग अब बच्चों और लड़कों के लिए भी निर्देशित किया जा रहा है और पुरुष इम्यून नहीं हैं। वसा का हिलना तब तक जारी रहता है जब तक कि एक तारा उनके 30 में नहीं होता। तब तक कई लोगों ने स्थायी खाने के विकार विकसित कर लिए हैं।"	Fake
Business	ब्रेक्सिट बूस्ट: कतर ब्रिटेन में एक और 6 बिलियन का निवेश करेगा	"गैस समृद्ध खाड़ी राज्य ने पहले ही ब्रिटेन में £ 40 बिलियन (50 बिलियन) का निवेश किया है, जहाँ वह ट्रॉफी संपत्ति का मालिक है, जिसमें हैरोड्स डिपार्टमेंट स्टोर और शारद - पश्चिमी यूरोप की सबसे ऊंची इमारत शामिल है। प्रधान मंत्री शेख अब्दुल्ला बिन नासिर अल थानी ने कहा कि कतर अगले 3 से 5 वर्षों में ऊर्जा आधारभूत अचल संपत्ति और अन्य क्षेत्रों पर 5 बिलियन पाउंड (6.3 बिलियन) खर्च करेगा। खबर आती है कि प्रधानमंत्री थेरेसा मे बुधवार को आधिकारिक यूरोपीय संघ से बाहर निकलने की प्रक्रिया को शुरू करने की तैयारी कर रही हैं। ""हम इस नए युग के सभी अवसरों को गले लगाने के लिए तैयार अपने स्वयं के महाद्वीप की सीमाओं से परे देख रहे हैं, अंतर्राष्ट्रीय व्यापार के लिए ब्रिटेन के राज्य सचिव लियाम फॉक्स ने कहा।"	Legit
Business	उनके शराब बनाने की प्रक्रिया में कैनाइन की भागीदारी के आरोपों के तहत ब्रूडॉग	"""ब्रूडॉग को हाल ही में कुत्ते की लार को अपनी पकने की प्रक्रिया में शामिल करने के लिए पाया गया। ब्रूडॉग ने बताया कि वे कुछ हफ्तों से बीयर परोस रहे हैं और उन्हें ग्राहकों से कोई शिकायत नहीं है। ब्रूडॉग ने कहा कि लार कुछ दानों को तोड़ने में मदद करती है। अंतिम काढ़ा के लिए थोड़ा अतिरिक्त ""छाल"" जोड़ता है। ड्राफ्ट पंक के बार मालिक टोनी ग्रीन ने कंपनी के खिलाफ मुकदमा दायर किया है जिसमें कहा गया है कि ग्राहकों को पता होना चाहिए कि वे बीयर का क्या सेवन कर रहे हैं। ग्रीन ने तब से ब्रूडोगर्स ले जाना बंद कर दिया है। इस हालिया जानकारी के लिए। ब्रूडॉग ने मुकदमे पर टिप्पणी करने से इनकार कर दिया। """	Fake
Business	ब्रिटेन के बैंकों ने कहा कि ब्रेक्सिट के लिए तैयार नहीं हैं	"बैंक ऑफ इंग्लैंड ने पाया है कि यूके बैंक यूरोपीय संघ से वापस लेने के संभावित तनाव के लिए तैयार नहीं हैं। बैंक ऑफ इंग्लैंड ने पहले ब्रिटेन के बैंकों से ब्रेक्सिट से जुड़े सभी संभावित परिणामों के लिए आकस्मिक योजनाएं प्रस्तुत करने को कहा था। ब्रेग्जिट के संभावित परिणामों से निपटने में यूके के बैंकों की तत्परता की स्थिति का निर्धारण करने के लिए बैंक ऑफ इंग्लैंड द्वारा हाल ही में आकस्मिक योजनाओं की समीक्षा की गई। थेरेसा मे की ब्रिटेन सरकार की योजना 50 अनुच्छेदों को शुरू करने और यूरोपीय संघ से ब्रिटेन के प्रस्थान की बातचीत शुरू करने की है। बैंक ऑफ़ इंग्लैंड के चेयरपर्सन ने टिप्पणी की, ""हमने पाया कि यूके के अधिकांश बैंकों ने हमें संभावित तनाव से निपटने के लिए अपर्याप्त पूंजी की जांच की, जो यूरोपीय संघ से यूके की वापसी पर हो सकती है। इसलिए हम इनकी सिफारिश कर रहे हैं। बैंक ब्रेक्सिट से पहले पूंजी को किनारे करने के लिए सुधारात्मक उपाय करते हैं। "" ब्रेक्सिट के पूर्ण प्रभावों को महसूस करने से पहले बैंकों के पास पूंजीगत तकिया को रखने के लिए दो साल तक का समय होता है।"	Fake
Business	रोबोट्स ओवर टेकिंग द वर्ल्ड	रोबोट धीरे-धीरे दुनिया के कार्यबल पर अधिकार कर रहे हैं। ब्रिटेन में 20 मिलियन से अधिक श्रमिकों ने रोबोटिक्स की दुनिया में अपनी नौकरी खो दी है। कंसल्टेंसी फर्म पीडब्ल्यूसी ने पाया है कि 50% से अधिक कंपनियों ने पहले ही रोज़मर्रा के नागरिकों को दी गई नौकरियों को बदलने के लिए कृत्रिम बुद्धिमत्ता (एआई) के तकनीकी विकास का उपयोग करना शुरू कर दिया है। इन कंपनियों के पूर्व कर्मचारी पूरी तरह से नुकसान में हैं। उन्होंने रोबोट उद्योग में अपनी नौकरी खो दी है और कहीं और प्रतिस्थापन नौकरियों को खोजने के लिए यह मुश्किल है। कंपनियों का मानना है कि एआई रोबोट अपने कारखानों में उत्पादकता बढ़ा रहे हैं और उन श्रमिकों के लिए महान प्रतिस्थापन हैं जो मूल रूप से कम-कौशल कार्यों के लिए रखे गए थे। पीडब्ल्यूसी का कहना है कि यह समाज में एआई के समावेश की शुरुआत है। अभी, थोक और खुदरा बिक्री में 3 मिलियन नौकरियों, जो एक समय में यूके में सबसे अधिक लोगों को काम पर रखा था, पहले से ही एआई द्वारा बदल दिया गया है। इसके बाद, वे AI को विनिर्माण और फिर प्रशासनिक और सहायक सेवाओं में शामिल करना शुरू करेंगे। जल्द ही, कंपनियां अपनी कंपनी के 95% काम के लिए AI का उपयोग कर रही होंगी। उन्हें लाखों और करोड़ों डॉलर की बचत करके उन्हें अपने मानव कर्मचारियों को भुगतान करना होगा।	Fake
Business	ब्राइटन स्टॉक मार्केट प्लंग्स	जैसा कि बैंक लंदन छोड़ते हैं, कई फ्रैंकफर्ट में जा रहे हैं। कई कम लागत का हवाला दे रहे हैं। गोल्डमैन सैक्स छोड़ने वालों में से हैं। निवेशकों को चिंता है कि लंदन से दूर इस बड़े प्रवासन के कारण शेयर बाजार का पतन हो जाएगा। इसके अलावा, यह उम्मीद की जाती है कि ब्रिटिश मुद्रा गंभीर रूप से अवमूल्यन और उच्च प्रधान ब्याज दर होगी। लंदन में बेरोजगारी की दर दृष्टि से अंत नहीं होने के साथ सभी उच्च स्तर तक पहुंचने की उम्मीद है। यूरोपीय संघ पूछ रहा है कि ब्रिटेन पुनर्विचार कर रहा है कि वह संघ छोड़ने का फैसला कर रहा है।	Fake
Business	टेस्ला में चीन की Tencent 5% हिस्सेदारी खरीदती है	चाइनीज टेक दिग्गज टेनसेंट ने इलेक्ट्रिक कार निर्माता टेस्ला में 5% हिस्सेदारी खरीदने पर 1.78bn (£ 1.4bn) खर्च किया है। अपने वीचैट मोबाइल ऐप के लिए जाना जाने वाला टेनसेंट कई तरह के क्षेत्रों में निवेश कर रहा है जिसमें गेमिंग एनटम क्लाउड कंप्यूटिंग और ऑनलाइन वित्तपोषण शामिल हैं। टेस्ला ने कहा कि हिस्सेदारी निष्क्रिय थी जिसका मतलब है कि Tencent को यह कहने की ज़रूरत नहीं होगी कि अमेरिकी फर्म को कैसे चलाया गया था। घोषणा के बाद शुरुआती कारोबार में टेस्ला के शेयरों में 2.3% की वृद्धि हुई। टेस्ला की इलेक्ट्रिक कारों की रेंज में मॉडल एस और रोडस्टर शामिल है, जिसे दुनिया की पहली इलेक्ट्रिक स्पोर्ट्स कार के रूप में पेश किया गया था। कंपनी बैटरी स्टोरेज और अपने SolarCity सहायक आवासीय सौर पैनलों के माध्यम से भी माहिर है।	Legit
Business	ब्रेक्सिट वार्ता सफलता देख रही है: जोस मैनुअल बारोसो	"""हम यूरोपीय कमिश्नर जोस मैनुअल बारसो के अनुसार बड़ी बातचीत कर रहे हैं। जब तक कि ब्रिटेन और यूरोपीय संघ दोनों आने वाली वार्ता में पूरी तरह से अपना कोण नहीं बदल लेते हैं, वार्ता संभवत: सबसे बड़ी सफलता के साथ आने वाली है। थेरेसा मे ने औपचारिक रूप से मूल रूप से अमेरिकी पार्सल ले लिया है। ब्रिटेन के यूरोपीय संघ में बने रहने के इरादे से। थेरेसा ने कहा है कि यह सौदा सबसे अच्छा सौदा है जिससे संभवतः बातचीत की जा सकती थी। ”"	Fake
Business	डेनमार्क के साथ जर्मन पावर स्पाट निश्चित हो जाता है	"""डेनमार्क और जर्मनी के बीच बिजली के तारों को जोड़ने वाले देशों के बीच लंबे समय से चली आ रही खींचतान ने बिजली की मात्रा में सुधार किया है। नॉर्डिक उत्पादक यूरोप के सबसे बड़े बाजार को 17 वर्षों में सबसे बड़े स्तर पर आपूर्ति कर सकते हैं। जर्मनी ने मुख्य भूमि डेनमार्क से आयात क्षमता में औसतन 89 प्रतिशत की वृद्धि की है। पिछले साल सबसे अधिक राष्ट्रों के बीच एक शक्ति बाजार 2010 में शुरू हुआ। यह चांसलर एंजेला मर्केल के पवन और सौर ऊर्जा के लिए अभूतपूर्व आरक्षण का परिणाम है जो अक्षय ऊर्जा उत्पादन में वृद्धि करता है, जिससे देश की ग्रिडों को अपनी बिजली और आयात को संभालने में आसानी होती है। विवाद यूरोपीय सीमा में ऊर्जा सुरक्षा को बढ़ावा देने और अधिक सीमा पार व्यापार के माध्यम से लागत में कटौती के लिए राष्ट्रीय बाधाओं को तोड़ने के लक्ष्य में बदलाव को दिखा रहा है। जर्मनी और डेनमार्क के बीच वार्ता इस मामले पर अपनी नवीनतम बैठक से उभरती हुई बड़ी सफलताओं के साथ पनपी है। पिछले हफ्ते बर्लिन में। """	Fake
Business	रेनेगोटिएट नफ्ता? मैक्सिकन कहते हैं कि इसके साथ जाओ	दो दशक से अधिक समय तक मुक्त व्यापार अमेरिका के साथ वाहनों के ऑडियो घटकों और एवोकैडो उत्तर और सस्ते मकई मवेशियों और सॉफ्टवेयर दक्षिण की एक धारा को पंप करने के लिए जिम्मेदार के रिश्ते के दिल में रहा है। राष्ट्र के नेताओं के लिए यह केंद्रीय महत्वपूर्ण अहस्तक्षेप था। कम से कम तब तक जब तक राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प दोनों देशों के बीच वार्षिक व्यापार में लगभग 500 बिलियन का लाभ उठाने का वादा नहीं करते हैं यदि यह अमेरिका के पक्ष में अधिक इंजीनियर नहीं बन सकता है। अब मेक्सिको के नेताओं की एक नई प्राथमिकता है: अपने अमेरिकी समकक्षों से आग्रह करना कि वे जल्दी करें और इसके साथ मिलें। जबकि मुक्त व्यापार लंबे समय से मेक्सिको में विश्वास का एक लेख रहा है, उत्तर अमेरिकी मुक्त व्यापार समझौते के भाग्य पर देश को कड़ी चोट पहुंच रही है।	Legit
Business	वेल्स फारगो का मुनाफा कानूनी लागतों से प्रभावित हुआ	अमेरिकी बैंक वेल्स फारगो ने अपने नकली खातों के घोटाले से संबंधित संभावित लागतों के लिए अलग से धन की स्थापना के बाद तिमाही मुनाफे में गिरावट की सूचना दी है। तीसरी तिमाही का मुनाफा एक साल पहले के 5.8bn से 2% गिरकर 5.64bn (£ 4.6bn) हो गया। इस घोटाले ने बैंक कर्मचारियों को आक्रामक बिक्री लक्ष्यों को पूरा करने के लिए ग्राहकों के ज्ञान या अनुमति के बिना दो मिलियन खातों के रूप में खुले देखा। सितंबर में बैंक पर गैरकानूनी खातों पर 185 मीटर का जुर्माना लगाया गया था और इसी सप्ताह वेल्स फारगो के मालिक जॉन स्टंप ने इस्तीफा दे दिया था। वेल्स फारगो ने घोटाले के सिलसिले में लगभग 5 300 कर्मचारियों को निकाल दिया है। बैंक जो कई संघीय और राज्य जांच का सामना करता है, ने कहा कि प्रत्याशित मुकदमेबाजी की लागत के कारण खर्च में वृद्धि हुई है। पिछली तिमाही में 12.9bn से तीसरी-तिमाही की निर्धारित लागत बढ़कर 13.3bn हो गई।	Legit
Business	फोर्ड मिशिगन संयंत्रों में 1.2bn निवेश करने के लिए	"फोर्ड ने कहा है कि वह मिशिगन के तीन प्लांटों के नियोजित अपग्रेड के हिस्से के रूप में 1.2bn (£ 1bn) खर्च करेगा। इसने कहा कि वायन में अपनी फैक्ट्री को वापस लेने पर 850 मी खर्च की जाएगी, जहां फोर्ड ब्रोंको और रेंजर मॉडल बनाने की योजना बना रही है। इसके अलावा फोर्ड अपने रोमियो इंजन भागों में 130 नौकरियों का निर्माण करेगा जो उसने एक बयान में कहा था। जनवरी में अमेरिकी कार दिग्गज ने कहा कि वह मेक्सिको में बनाने की योजना बना रहे 1.6bn संयंत्र को रद्द कर देगा। अमेरिकी राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प जिन्होंने अपने नियोजित मेक्सिको निवेश पर फोर्ड पर दबाव डाला, उन्होंने मंगलवार को पहले ट्वीट किया: ""फोर्ड द्वारा बड़ी घोषणा। मिशिगन के तीन संयंत्रों में किया जाने वाला प्रमुख निवेश। कार कंपनियां वापस अमेरिका आ रही हैं। जॉब्स जॉब्स जॉब्स"" फोर्ड का अमेरिकी निवेश। घोषणा काफी हद तक एक पिछले समझौते के अनुरूप है जो यूनाइटेड ऑटो वर्कर्स यूनियन के साथ पहुंची है।"	Legit
Business	हेज फंड निष्पादन जिसका पूर्व फर्म Madoff से जुड़ा था उसकी मृत्यु के लिए कूदता है	"चार्ल्स मर्फी सोमवार को सोफिटेल होटल की चौथी मंजिल की छत पर मृत पाए गए थे। ""हम इस खबर से बेहद दुखी हैं। पॉल पॉलसन कंपनी के अध्यक्ष जॉन पॉलसन ने कहा कि एक अलग हेज फंड जहां मर्फी ने अपनी मृत्यु के समय काम किया था। चार्ल्स एक अत्यंत प्रतिभाशाली और प्रतिभाशाली व्यक्ति एक महान साथी और एक सच्चा मित्र था।"" मर्फी ने एक बार फेयरफील्ड ग्रीनविच के लिए काम किया था जिसमें मडॉफ के साथ लगभग 7 बिलियन का निवेश किया गया था और बाद में उन निवेशकों द्वारा मुकदमा दायर किया गया था जिन्होंने पैसे खो दिए थे। फंड ने 80 मिलियन सेटलमेंट पर सहमति व्यक्त की। दिसंबर 2008 में दुनिया की सबसे बड़ी पोंजी योजना चलाने और 20 बिलियन के निवेशकों को ठगने के आरोप में मडॉफ को गिरफ्तार किया गया था। उन्होंने धोखाधड़ी के आरोपों में दोषी ठहराया। अब 78 वह उत्तरी कैरोलिना की एक संघीय जेल में 150 साल की सजा काट रहे हैं।"	Legit
Business	यूरोपीय संघ के नागरिकों ने ब्रेक्सिट के लिए सजा दी	"रेस्तरां युवा स्कूली बच्चों को अपने उद्योग में काम करने के लिए मजबूर किया जा रहा है। ""रेस्तरां के पास कोई विकल्प नहीं है।"", एक प्रेट ने कहा, ब्रिटेन स्थित सैंडविच की दुकान पर एक प्रबंधक। चूंकि यूरोपीय संघ के अधिकारियों ने ब्रेक अप के बाद से व्यापार करने से इनकार कर दिया है, और कम नागरिकों को भेजा जा रहा है, कम कुशल श्रमिकों की कमी हो रही है। रेस्तरां ने भविष्य में इंटर्नशिप का वादा करते हुए, लगभग 500 छात्रों को मुफ्त में काम करने के लिए मजबूर किया है। यह मध्यम वर्ग की कुल गुलामी है और उन्हें यह सोचकर छला जा रहा है कि यह शिक्षा है। वकील इस पर गौर कर रहे हैं और माता-पिता के मुकदमे पहले से ही दिख रहे हैं।"	Fake
Business	दिवालियापन के अफवाहों के बावजूद वेस्टिंगहाउस इलेक्ट्रिक स्टिल गोइंग स्ट्रॉन्ग	वेस्टिंगहाउस इलेक्ट्रिक दिवालियापन की अफवाहों के बावजूद परमाणु संचालन में अग्रणी है। तोशिबा (TOSBF) के सूत्रों ने कहा है कि ऐतिहासिक कंपनी के साथ उनके संबंध अभी भी मजबूत हैं। वेस्टिंगहाउस इलेक्ट्रिक टीओएसबीएफ के नियंत्रण में रहेगा और आर्थिक रूप से उनका समर्थन करता रहेगा। बहुत से लोग महसूस नहीं करते कि वेस्टिंगहाउस जॉर्ज वेस्टिंगहाउस के लिए प्रसिद्ध है। श्री वेस्टिंगहाउस 20 वीं शताब्दी के अंत में एक आविष्कारक थे। एयर ब्रेक के उनके आविष्कार ने ट्रेन यात्रा की सुरक्षा में बहुत सुधार किया। उनका आविष्कार अभी भी कंपनी के संचालन का एक महत्वपूर्ण हिस्सा है।	Fake
Business	सदन ने सिर्फ एफसीसी के ऐतिहासिक इंटरनेट गोपनीयता सुरक्षा को खत्म करने के लिए मतदान किया	कांग्रेस ने मंगलवार को राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प को प्रस्तावित कानून भेजा जो कि ऑनलाइन गोपनीयता को मिटा देता है, जो रिपब्लिकन प्रभुत्व के एक युग में इंटरनेट एक्सेस को नियंत्रित करने वाले नियमों का एक महत्वपूर्ण कार्यवाहक बनने की संभावना है। एक पार्टी-लाइन वोट हाउस में रिपब्लिकन ने इंटरनेट सेवा प्रदाताओं जैसे वेरिजॉन एटीटी और कॉमकास्ट ऑफ प्रोटेक्शन को पिछले साल ही मंजूरी दे दी थी, जिसमें यह सीमित करने की मांग की गई थी कि कौन सी कंपनियां ग्राहक ब्राउजिंग आदतों के उपयोग के इतिहास की जानकारी के डेटा लोकेशन और सोशल सिक्योरिटी नंबर जैसी जानकारी दे सकती हैं। हैकर्स और चोरों के खिलाफ ग्राहक डेटा के लिए सुरक्षा उपायों को मजबूत करने के लिए नियमों को भी आवश्यक था।	Legit
Business	स्वीडन ने अकाल निरंतर के रूप में कम-टैक्स 50 के दशक में लौटने की चेतावनी दी	"""स्वीडन को 1950 और 1960 के दशक के कम करों पर वापस नहीं लौटना चाहिए। यह चेतावनी एक बहुत ही सही स्वीडिश राष्ट्रपति पद के उम्मीदवार की ओर से आती है क्योंकि सामाजिक-लोकतांत्रिक नेतृत्व वाली सरकार सेवानिवृत्ति लाभों को कम करते हुए निगमों पर करों को कम कर रही है।"" वर्तमान में राष्ट्रीय आर्थिक अनुसंधान संस्थान में महानिदेशक अर्बन हैन्सन ब्रुस्विट ने जर्मनी का सामना करते हुए क्रूर अकाल का सामना करते हुए बुधवार को एक साक्षात्कार में एक स्थानीय समाचार पत्र को बताया। क्या उनकी ऐतिहासिक रूप से कम दरों पर करों की वापसी होनी चाहिए, यह स्वीडन में खाद्य सुरक्षा के लिए एक बड़ी बाधा होगी। ।"	Fake
Business	स्वीडन ने इनवॉइस स्क्वीज़ के रूप में हाई-टैक्स 70 के दशक में वापसी की चेतावनी नहीं दी	"1970 और 1980 के दशक के उच्च करों के लिए स्वीडन न लौटें। यह चेतावनी स्वीडन के राज्य-वित्त पोषित आर्थिक थिंक टैंक से आती है क्योंकि सामाजिक लोकतांत्रिक नेतृत्व वाली सरकार पेंशनभोगियों और लाभ एकत्र करने वाले लोगों पर कटौती करने की योजना बनाते समय श्रमिकों पर कर बढ़ा रही है। स्टॉकहोम में मंगलवार को एक साक्षात्कार में कहा, ""उच्चतर राज्य आयकर और सीमांत कर दर शहरी हंसन ब्रुसेविट, नेशनल इंस्टीट्यूट ऑफ इकोनॉमिक रिसर्च में महानिदेशक की लंबी अवधि में कम से कम नकारात्मक प्रभाव पड़ता है। दिशा बहुत लंबी है जो स्वीडन के लिए हानिकारक होगी। ”"	Legit
Business	"""टेस्को ने 2014 के लेखांकन घोटाले में गंभीर धोखाधड़ी कार्यालय और वित्तीय आचरण प्राधिकरण द्वारा जांच को निपटाने के लिए किसी भी पैसे का भुगतान नहीं किया जाएगा जिसने ब्रिटेन के सबसे बड़े रिटेलर को हिला दिया। यह एसएफओ के साथ एक स्थगित अभियोजन समझौते (डीपीए) के हिस्से के रूप में £ 0.00 का भुगतान करेगा। इस सौदे को अदालत की मंजूरी की आवश्यकता नहीं है। डीपीए टेस्को की सहायक कंपनी टेस्को स्टोर्स लिमिटेड से संबंधित है। सुपरमार्केट समूह एफसीए के साथ 29 अगस्त 2014 को एक व्यापारिक बयान से प्रभावित निवेशकों को किसी भी मुआवजे का भुगतान करने के लिए सहमत नहीं हुआ है जो कि स्पष्ट मुनाफे को समझता है। समझौतों से जुड़ी कानूनी लागतों का भुगतान न करें और कहा कि कुल असाधारण शुल्क £ 0.00 होने की उम्मीद थी। """	लाखों लोगों को टेलीविजन और अन्य मीडिया प्रारूपों का आनंद लेने में मदद करने के लिए सीसी नियम प्रौद्योगिकी का उपयोग करते हैं। Google की मशीन-लर्निंग तकनीक के लिए धन्यवाद, कैदी इन तकनीकों का उपयोग करने में सक्षम होंगे .. YouTube ने भाषण-से-पाठ सॉफ़्टवेयर का उपयोग किया है जो पूरे देश में कई जेलों में उपयोग किया जाएगा। श्रवण बाधित कैदी सीसी प्रौद्योगिकियों को लागू करने के बारे में सुनकर उत्साहित हैं, लेकिन कई करदाता इस विचार के खिलाफ हैं।	Fake
Business	सोने का सेट 1 को चढ़ता है	"500 के रूप में मुद्रास्फीति में कमी आती है ""सोने को चार साल पहले के स्तर पर रैली की ओर अग्रसर किया जाता है क्योंकि बढ़ती मुद्रास्फीति और नकारात्मक वास्तविक ब्याज दरों में वृद्धि के साथ वृद्धि को बढ़ाने के लिए मांग को बढ़ाया जाता है जो कहता है कि कीमती धातु एक बैल के शुरुआती चरणों में हो सकती है बाजार। इस साल कीमतें 1 से 400 से 1 500 प्रति औंस तक चढ़ सकती हैं। लिकटेंस्टीन स्थित कंपनी में रोनाल्ड-पीटर स्टोफरले ने 100 मिलियन स्विस फ़्रैंक (101.5 मिलियन) का प्रबंधन किया है। स्पॉट बुलियन - जो बुधवार को 1 249 पर था। - आखिरी बार सितंबर 2013 में 1 400 में कारोबार किया।"	Legit
Business	क्यों सिलिकॉन वैली इंटरनेट (अभी तक) को बचाने के लिए नहीं लड़ रही है	"हमने सोचा कि हमें इस महीने के शुरू में सैन फ्रांसिस्को में राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प के खिलाफ एक तकनीकी उद्योग रैली में गायन कार्यकर्ता समूह के एक सदस्य ने फिर से बाहर निकालना नहीं होगा। फिर ग्रैनीज़ ने अपने विरोध गीत में कहा: वेरोज़ोन टू कमज़ोन और एटीटी से कहो: इंटरनेट से हैंड्स फ्री होना चाहिए। ""यह विरोध प्रदर्शन के रूप में सामने आया, क्योंकि यात्रा ज्यादातर सिलिकॉन वैली की ट्रम्प के साथ यात्रा प्रतिबंध पर लड़ाई पर केंद्रित थी। यह भी ट्रम्प के उद्घाटन के बाद से कुछ क्षणों में से एक के रूप में खड़ा है जब नेट न्यूट्रैलिटी ने सिलिकॉन वैली में केंद्र चरण लिया। 2015 में फेडरल कम्युनिकेशंस कमीशन द्वारा अनुमोदित शुद्ध तटस्थता नियमों का उद्देश्य इंटरनेट को खुला और निष्पक्ष रखना है। नियम इंटरनेट को रोकते हैं। विशिष्ट वेबसाइटों और ऐप्स से ट्रैफ़िक को जानबूझकर गति बढ़ाने या धीमा करने से पसंदीदा खेलने वाले प्रदाता।"	Legit
Business	मैक्रोन और ले पेन स्पार	"फ्रांसीसी चुनाव अपवाह की आशंका ""तीन सप्ताह से अधिक समय के साथ अभी भी मतदान के पहले दौर में जाने के लिए मरीन ले पेन और इमैनुएल मैक्रोन पहले से ही प्रचार कर रहे हैं जैसे कि वे फ्रांस के अगले राष्ट्रपति बनने की दौड़ में एकमात्र उम्मीदवार बचे थे। हाल ही के चुनावों में उनके विरोधी कुछ और सुझाव दे रहे हैं। -ओर ले पेन और मध्यमार्गी मैक्रोन अपने निकटतम चैलेंजर से 7 मई में दो स्लॉट के लिए पांच अंक से अधिक आगे हैं, फ्रंट-रनर ने सप्ताहांत में बार्ब्स का कारोबार किया, क्योंकि अन्य उम्मीदवार पृष्ठभूमि में फीके पड़ गए। मैक्रॉन ने ले पेन की जगह ली। आप्रवासन को खत्म करने की प्रतिज्ञा पर ""एक झूठा"" जबकि राष्ट्रवादी ने अपने प्रतिद्वंद्वी को फ्रांसीसी अभिजात वर्ग की कठपुतली के रूप में चित्रित किया। यूरोप 1 रेडियो पर सोमवार को उसने कहा कि वह प्रवास पर नरम है।"	Legit
Business	"फोर्ड को डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प द्वारा मैक्सिको में एक नया संयंत्र बनाने की योजना से बाहर निकलने के लिए मजबूर किया गया है, जिसने एक छोटे से मैक्सिकन शहर में सैकड़ों रोजगार प्रदान किए और कठिनाई को कम किया। नए राष्ट्रपति के दबाव का मतलब है कि फोर्ड अब 130 नौकरियों के सृजन के बजाय मिशिगन में तीन संयंत्रों को अपग्रेड करेगा। फोर्ड के लिए एक स्पष्ट रूप से निराश प्रवक्ता ने कहा कि कंपनी मैक्सिको में अपनी योजनाओं को रद्द करने की अनुचितता को आजमाने और उसके निवारण के लिए अपने बढ़े हुए कार्यबल में ज्यादातर मैक्सिकन आप्रवासियों को नियुक्त करेगी। समाचार घोषित होने पर एक खुश डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प ने स्माइली चेहरों की एक पंक्ति और ""मैं एक विजेता हूँ"" ट्वीट किया।"	लंदन स्टॉक एक्सचेंज ने गिरा दिया है कि यह ड्यूहे बर्स के साथ विलय करने की योजना है। एलएसई ने इस सप्ताह की शुरुआत में कहा था कि यह सौदा लगभग एक किया गया सौदा था, और वे यूरोपीय आयोग की मंजूरी प्राप्त करने के लिए अंतिम कदम उठा रहे थे। आयोग ने एलएसई से कहा है कि वह एमटीएस में एक निश्चित आय वाले ट्रेडिंग प्लेटफॉर्म में 70% हिस्सेदारी रखे। LSE इस अनुरोध को लेकर बहुत उत्साहित है। उनका मानना है कि यह 2016 के लिए रिपोर्ट किए गए मुनाफे में कमी लाने में मदद करेगा। एलएसई ने कहा कि उनका लाभ पिछले वर्ष में 623.1 मीटर से 516.4 मीटर तक गिर गया है। वे अगले कुछ हफ्तों में विलय को अंतिम रूप देने की उम्मीद कर रहे हैं और जल्द ही इसके बाद उनका मुनाफा बढ़ना शुरू हो जाएगा।	Fake
Business	सऊदी अरब ने कर की दरों में वृद्धि की	"""सऊदी अरब ने राष्ट्रीय तेल कंपनी, सऊदी अरामको, 50 से 75% तक तेल पर कर की दर में वृद्धि करके एक बड़ी हलचल पैदा की है। सऊदी अरब ने आश्वासन दिया है कि यह एकमात्र तरीका है जिससे वे बढ़ती वित्तीय अस्थिरता पर भी टूट सकते हैं। यह देश के निकट है। भारी कर वृद्धि ने एक बड़ी चिंता पैदा कर दी है कि कैसे राज्य अपने वित्त को संभाल सकता है। सऊदी अरब ने कहा है कि उन्होंने सऊदी अरामको पर करों में वृद्धि की है ताकि एक समय में अधिक नकदी पैदा की जा सके जब तेल के राजस्व में वृद्धि हुई है। उनके बजट में एक छेद। """	Fake
Business	हाउस ने ट्रम्प को बिल रोलिंग इंटरनेट प्राइवेसी प्रोटेक्शन भेजा	कांग्रेस ने मंगलवार को राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प को प्रस्तावित कानून भेजा जो कि ऑनलाइन गोपनीयता को मिटा देता है, जो रिपब्लिकन प्रभुत्व के एक युग में इंटरनेट एक्सेस को नियंत्रित करने वाले नियमों का एक महत्वपूर्ण कार्यवाहक बनने की संभावना है। एक पार्टी-लाइन वोट हाउस में रिपब्लिकन ने पिछले साल स्वीकृत प्रतिबंधों से वेरिज़ोन एटीटी और कॉमास्ट जैसे इंटरनेट सेवा प्रदाताओं को मुक्त कर दिया था, जिन्होंने यह सीमित करने की मांग की थी कि ग्राहक ब्राउजिंग आदतों के उपयोग की जानकारी के साथ-साथ इतिहास स्थान डेटा और सामाजिक सुरक्षा नंबर जैसी जानकारी क्या कर सकते हैं। नियमों ने हैकर्स और चोरों के खिलाफ ग्राहक डेटा के लिए सुरक्षा उपायों को मजबूत करने के लिए प्रदाताओं को भी आवश्यक किया था।	Legit
Business	डेनमार्क पावर के साथ जर्मन पावर स्पाट सिंगल मार्केट ट्रेड को ऊपर रखता है	डेनमार्क और जर्मनी के बीच बिजली के तारों को जोड़ने वाले देशों के बीच लंबे समय से चल रही तनातनी ने बिजली की मात्रा में कटौती कर दी है नॉर्डिक उत्पाद यूरोप के सबसे बड़े बाजार को 17 साल में सबसे निचले स्तर तक आपूर्ति कर सकते हैं। जर्मनी ने मुख्य भूमि डेनमार्क से आयात क्षमता में पिछले साल औसतन 89 प्रतिशत की कटौती की, क्योंकि राष्ट्रों के बीच एक शक्ति बाजार की शुरुआत 2000 में हुई थी। यह चांसलर एंजेला मर्केल के अभूतपूर्व एनर्जिवेन्डे का परिणाम है: नवीकरणीय ऊर्जा उत्पादन में पवन और सौर ऊर्जा की गति में बदलाव अपनी खुद की बिजली को अकेले आयात करने के लिए देश की ग्रिड के लिए इसे कठिन बनाना। यह विवाद यूरोपीय संघ के लक्ष्य को कम कर रहा है कि ऊर्जा सुरक्षा को बढ़ावा देने और अधिक सीमा-पार व्यापार के माध्यम से लागत में कटौती के लिए राष्ट्रीय बाधाओं को तोड़ना। जर्मनी और डेनमार्क के बीच वार्ता पिछले सप्ताह बर्लिन में इस मामले पर अपनी नवीनतम बैठक से कोई संकल्प नहीं उभर कर सामने आया है।	Legit
Business	समझौता के बिना ब्रेक्सिट की वार्ता विफल हो जाएगी: जोस मैनुअल बारोसो	"ब्रेक्सिट वार्ता तब तक विफल रही है जब तक कि ब्रिटेन और यूरोपीय संघ दोनों अपने विजेता को नहीं ले जाते हैं, आने वाले वार्ता के लिए सभी दृष्टिकोण यूरोपीय आयोग के पूर्व अध्यक्ष जोस मैनुअल बारोसो ने कहा है। थेरेसा मे से पहले जाने के कुछ दिनों के साथ ही यूरोपीय संघ के जीन-क्लाउड जंकर के पूर्ववर्ती छोड़ने के ब्रिटेन के इरादे के ब्रसेल्स को औपचारिक रूप से सूचित करता है कि दोनों पक्ष एक खतरनाक खेल खेल रहे थे। ब्रिटेन की प्रधानमंत्री ने कहा है कि उनका मानना है कि ""कोई भी सौदा एक बुरे सौदे से बेहतर नहीं है"" और उनके मंत्रिमंडल में कुछ ने बातचीत की मेज से दूर चलने की संभावना पर खुलकर बात की है।"	Legit
Business	ब्रिटेन के बैंकों ने यह दिखाने के लिए योजना बनाने को कहा कि वे ब्रेक्सिट के लिए तैयार हैं	"बैंक ऑफ इंग्लैंड ने ब्रिटेन के बैंकों के बीमाकर्ताओं और अन्य वित्तीय संस्थानों से इस बात के लिए व्यापक योजना बनाने को कहा है कि वे ब्रिटेन के यूरोपीय संघ से बाहर निकलने से कैसे निपटेंगे और उनकी बारीकी से जाँच करेंगे। थेरेसा मे की सरकार की योजना 50 से पहले और ब्रिटेन के प्रस्थान पर दो साल की बातचीत शुरू करने से दो दिन पहले बैंक ने कहा कि शहर के संस्थानों को नियामकों को आश्वस्त करने की योजनाओं की प्रतियां प्रदान करनी होंगी कि वे ""संभावित परिणामों की एक श्रृंखला"" के लिए तैयार थे। बैंक की वित्तीय नीति समिति (FPC) ने अपनी अंतिम तिमाही की बैठक के बाद कहा: ""वित्तीय स्थिरता के जोखिम यूके और यूरोपीय संघ के बीच नए संबंधों में समायोजन की क्रमबद्धता से प्रभावित होंगे। FPC वित्तीय जोखिमों को कम करने के लिए आकस्मिक योजनाओं की देखरेख करेगा। प्रक्रिया के रूप में स्थिरता सामने आती है।"	Legit
Business	अमेरिकन एयरलाइंस को घरेलू उड़ान भरने के लिए चीन दक्षिणी से पुराने विमान मिलते हैं	"""अमेरिकन एयरलाइंस ने चीन के सबसे बड़े वाहक 'बोइंग 747 को विशेष रूप से कैरिबियन क्षेत्र में घरेलू उपयोग करने के लिए खरीदने के लिए सहमति व्यक्त की है। अमेरिकी एयरलाइन 50 मीटर के 20 विमानों की खरीद करेगी। चीन दक्षिणी एक निवेशक में लाने के लिए चीन की शीर्ष एयरलाइनों में नवीनतम है। मुख्य भूमि के बाहर से। इस सौदे में अमेरिकी एयरलाइंस को लागत कम करने और फ़्लो रिडा से आने-जाने वाले लोगों के लिए अधिक रूट विकल्प बनाने की पेशकश करनी चाहिए। चीन अमेरिका में प्रयुक्त विमानों के सबसे बड़े स्रोतों में से एक है क्योंकि चीनी वाहक आक्रामक रूप से अपने बेड़े का विस्तार कर रहे हैं। और विदेशी गंतव्यों की श्रेणी यात्री संख्या में मजबूत वृद्धि को पूरा करने के लिए। """	Fake
Business	तोशिबा का वेस्टिंगहाउस अमेरिकी नागरिकों के लिए संपन्न रोजगार बाजार का निर्माण करता है	"ट्रम्प के अमेरिका में नौकरियों को वापस लाने का वादा करने के साथ, तोशिबा के वेस्टिंगहाउस दिखा रहा है कि वह जॉर्जिया और दक्षिण कैरोलिना में स्थित अपनी अमेरिकी परमाणु इकाई परियोजनाओं के साथ कैसे कर रहा है। जापानी आधारित मूल कंपनी, 1000 से अधिक श्रमिकों को रोजगार देते हुए अगले 4 वर्षों में अमेरिकी इकाइयों से अपने मुनाफे को 9.1 बिलियन अमेरिकी डॉलर से अधिक करने के लिए उत्साहित है; यदि क्लिंटन ने राष्ट्रपति पद जीता तो उनकी नीति दिवालियापन संरक्षण के लिए प्लांट दाखिल करने का कारण बन सकती थी। वेस्टिंगहाउस में एक यूके ऑपरेशन भी है जो ""ब्रेक्सिट"" के लिए धन्यवाद भी दे रहा है।"	Fake
Business	अमेज़ॅन के सीईओ को चंद्रमा पर ले जाया जाता है	जेफ बेजोस ने शुक्रवार को पुष्टि की कि वह चंद्रमा पर पहले अमेज़ॅन प्रायोजित मिशन पर जाने वाले हैं। क्या आप विश्वास कर सकते हैं कि वह अपने बच्चों और पत्नी को घर पर छोड़ने से थोड़ा चिंतित है, जब वह अंतरिक्ष से यात्रा करता है, लेकिन वह चंद्रमा पर रहते हुए अमेज़ॅन प्राइम का उपयोग करके ऑर्डर करने वाले पहले व्यक्ति होने का अवसर नहीं रोक सकता था।	Fake
Business	फरवरी की वृद्धि के साथ ब्रेक्सिट की आशंका से ब्रिटेन की खुदरा बिक्री घट गई	ब्रिटेन के खुदरा विक्रेताओं को दो महीने से लकीर खोने से राहत मिली जब उच्च सड़क दुकानों में खर्च किया गया और फरवरी में ऑनलाइन वापस बाउंस हो गया। नेशनल स्टैटिस्टिक्स के कार्यालय ने कहा कि जनवरी में खुदरा बिक्री की मात्रा 1.4% और फरवरी 2016 की तुलना में 3.7% अधिक थी। वृद्धि की खबर के बाद स्टर्लिंग मुद्रा बाजारों में बढ़ गया, लेकिन ओएनएस ने कहा कि उछाल वापस सभी पुनरावृत्ति करने में विफल रहा था दिसंबर और जनवरी में मैदान हार गया। यह नोट किया गया कि उच्च पेट्रोल की कीमतों से खर्च पर अंकुश लगाया जा रहा था। फरवरी से तीन महीनों में - अकेले मासिक आंकड़ा की तुलना में अंतर्निहित प्रवृत्ति के लिए बेहतर मार्गदर्शक माना जाता है - नवंबर में समाप्त तिमाही में बिक्री 1.4% से कम थी।	Legit
Business	ब्रेकिंग न्यूज: स्नैपचैट को 255 बिलियन में खरीदने के लिए ट्विटर	याहू और एओएल अगले दशक में बेहद लोकप्रिय हो सकते हैं और राजस्व 2020 तक आसमान छूने की उम्मीद है। यह पूर्वानुमान उन विज्ञापनदाताओं पर आधारित है जो एक छोटे दर्शक वर्ग को लक्षित करते हैं। हाल ही में वाशिंगटन पोस्ट द्वारा किए गए विश्लेषण के अनुसार, आधे उपयोगकर्ता फेसबुक और गूगल की तुलना में पुराने बाजार को कवर करते हैं। फेसबुक और गूगल को चुनौती दी जाएगी। वर्तमान विज्ञापन प्रथाओं को अत्यधिक आलोचना मिली है, वेब दिग्गज वर्तमान में वैश्विक विज्ञापन बाजार में 50% हिस्सेदारी रखते हैं और वर्तमान में अपने उपयोगकर्ताओं में एक छोटी सी गिरावट देख रहे हैं।	Fake
Business	बड़े आंकड़े की अवधारणा	सरकार और सिलिकॉन वैली हमें गुलाम बनाना चाहती है। मिंट और बेटरमेंट जैसी कंपनियां इस पर हैं, वास्तव में वे हिमशैल की नोक हैं।	Fake
Business	सिलिकॉन वैली इंटरनेट से शट डाउन करने के लिए लड़ रही है	ट्रम्प की रैली में उद्योग के नेताओं ने वेरोज़ोन और एटीटी के लिए घोषणा की कि वे ट्रम्प के समर्थन के लिए इंटरनेट को स्थायी रूप से बंद करने के लिए एक साथ प्रतिबंध लगाएंगे। सिलिकॉन वैली ने घोषणा की है कि ट्रम्प समर्थन की लहर को अपना इंटरनेट बनाना चाहिए और उसके चारों ओर एक दीवार का निर्माण करना चाहिए। संघीय संचार आयोग भी भविष्य में इंटरनेट का उपयोग करने के लिए केवल गैर ट्रम्प के समर्थन की अनुमति के विचार का समर्थन करता है। नियम कब्रों के लिए बने हुए हैं और नेता ऐसे दावे कर रहे हैं जो ज्यादातर लोगों के लिए मायने रखते हैं और जनता के समर्थन का अधिकांश हिस्सा हैं। देश में पूर्वाग्रह का सामना करना पड़ता है और यह सिलिकॉन वैली कैलिफोर्निया में शुरू हो रहा है।	Fake
Business	ब्रिटेन के लाखों श्रमिकों को रोबोट द्वारा प्रतिस्थापित किए जाने का खतरा है	"अध्ययन में कहा गया है, ""15 मिलियन से अधिक ब्रिटेन के श्रमिकों को रोबोट द्वारा प्रतिस्थापित किए जाने का उच्च जोखिम है क्योंकि नियमित कार्यों के स्वचालन से एक नई मशीन युग में गति मिलती है। कंसल्टेंसी फर्म पीडब्ल्यूसी की एक रिपोर्ट में पाया गया कि ब्रिटेन में 30% नौकरियां हैं। कृत्रिम बुद्धिमत्ता (एआई) में सफलताओं से संभावित रूप से खतरे में थे। कुछ क्षेत्रों में आधी नौकरियां जा सकती थीं। रिपोर्ट में अनुमान लगाया गया था कि स्वचालन उत्पादकता को बढ़ावा देगा और नौकरी के नए अवसर पैदा करेगा, लेकिन यह कहा गया कि असमानता के विस्तार को रोकने के लिए कार्रवाई की आवश्यकता थी जो परिणाम देगा। कम कौशल वाले कार्यों के लिए तेजी से उपयोग किए जा रहे रोबोटों से। PwC ने कहा कि थोक और खुदरा बिक्री में 2.25 मिलियन नौकरियों का उच्च जोखिम था - यह क्षेत्र जो यूके में अधिकांश लोगों को रोजगार देता है - और 1.2 मिलियन प्रशासनिक और समर्थन सेवाओं में 1.1 मिलियन के निर्माण में खतरे में थे। और 950 000 परिवहन और भंडारण में।"	Legit
Business	हाउस ने ट्रम्प को बिल रोलिंग इंटरनेट पोर्न प्रोटेक्शन भेजा	यदि इंटरनेट पर मंगलवार को राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प ने उन्हें कांग्रेस द्वारा भेजे गए बिल को मंजूरी दे दी तो इंटरनेट पोर्न को बचाने के लिए पिछले साल लागू किए गए कानून को वापस लाया जाएगा। यह वाशिंगटन, डीसी में रिपब्लिकन प्रभुत्व के एक युग के दौरान इंटरनेट पोर्न उद्योग पर सख्त प्रतिबंधों की ओर एक रुझान दिखा सकता है। पार्टी लाइन वोट इंटरनेट प्रदाताओं को कुछ पोर्न साइटों को ब्लॉक करने और ग्राहकों की सामाजिक सुरक्षा संख्या को इकट्ठा करने और बेचने की अनुमति देता है जो प्रयास करते हैं इन साइटों तक पहुँचें। ग्राहकों की जानकारी या अनुमोदन के बिना नए कानून के तहत ग्राहक ब्राउजिंग की आदतों को बेचा जा सकता है, और पोर्न साइट्स पर जाने के उनके प्रयास, सफल या नहीं, सामाजिक सुरक्षा नंबर द्वारा उनके स्थायी रिकॉर्ड में दर्ज किए जाएंगे।	Fake
Business	यूरोपीय संघ द्वारा अवरुद्ध लंदन स्टॉक एक्सचेंज-डॉयचेस बोर्स सौदा	"यूरोपीय संघ के नियामकों ने जर्मन स्टॉक एक्सचेंज ड्यूश बोर्स के साथ लंदन स्टॉक एक्सचेंज के £ 21bn विलय को अवरुद्ध कर दिया है। यूरोपीय आयोग ने कहा कि इस सौदे ने कुछ वित्तीय सेवाओं के लिए एक ""वास्तविक तथ्य"" बनाया होगा। विलय ने यूरोप के दो सबसे बड़े स्टॉक एक्सचेंज ऑपरेटरों को मिला दिया होगा। लंदन स्टॉक एक्सचेंज समूह ने कहा कि यह आयोग के फैसले पर ""पछतावा"" है क्योंकि इस सौदे ने ""विश्व-अग्रणी"" वित्तीय बाजारों को मजबूत बनाया होगा। इसने पिछले महीने चेतावनी दी थी कि इस सौदे से यूरोपीय संघ की मंजूरी मिलने की संभावना नहीं थी कि यह प्रतिस्पर्धा को सीमित कर देगा। यूके और इतालवी स्टॉक एक्सचेंजों को संचालित करने वाली फर्म ने उन चिंताओं से निपटने के लिए अपने फ्रांस स्थित क्लियरिंग हाउस को बेचने की पेशकश की थी। हालाँकि यूरोपीय आयोग ने फैसला किया कि यह उपाय बहुत दूर नहीं गया। मार्गेटे वेस्टेगर कमिशनर इन कॉम्पिटिशन पॉलिसी के प्रभारी ने कहा: ""यूरोपीय अर्थव्यवस्था अच्छी तरह से काम कर रहे वित्तीय बाजारों पर निर्भर करती है।"	Legit
Business	टेस्को को लेखांकन घोटाले पर £ 129m का जुर्माना देना होगा	टेस्को को 2014 के लेखांकन घोटाले में गंभीर धोखाधड़ी कार्यालय और वित्तीय आचरण प्राधिकरण द्वारा जांच को निपटाने के लिए £ 235m का भुगतान करना है जिसने ब्रिटेन के सबसे बड़े खुदरा विक्रेता को हिला दिया। यह SFO के साथ एक स्थगित अभियोजन समझौते (DPA) के भाग के रूप में £ 129m का जुर्माना अदा करेगा, हालांकि इस सौदे को मंजूरी की आवश्यकता है। डीपीए टेस्को की सहायक कंपनी टेस्को स्टोर्स लिमिटेड से संबंधित है। सुपरमार्केट समूह ने 29 अगस्त 2014 को एक कारोबारी बयान से प्रभावित निवेशकों के मुआवजे में एफसीए के साथ अलग से सहमति व्यक्त की है, जो कि 29 अगस्त 2014 को एक ट्रेडिंग स्टेटमेंट से प्रभावित है। टेस्को समझौतों से जुड़ी कानूनी लागतों का भी भुगतान करेगा और कहा कि कुल असाधारण शुल्क £ 235m होने की उम्मीद थी।	Legit
Business	वोट के लिए मैक्रोन और ले पेन फाइट	"फ्रांसीसी चुनाव अपवाह की आशंका ""चार सप्ताह से अधिक समय के बाद भी मरीन ले पेन मतदान के दूसरे दौर से पहले जाने के लिए और इमैनुएल मैक्रोन पहले से ही प्रचार कर रहे हैं जैसे कि वे फ्रांस के अगले राष्ट्रपति बनने की दौड़ में एकमात्र उम्मीदवार बचे थे। हाल ही के चुनावों के साथ अन्य विरोधी सुझाव दे रहे हैं। -ओर ले पेन और मध्यमार्गी मैक्रोन अपने निकटतम चैलेंजर के लिए 7 मई को दो स्लॉट के मुकाबले बीस अंकों से अधिक हैं, सामने वाले धावक ने सप्ताहांत में व्यापार किया, क्योंकि अन्य उम्मीदवार पृष्ठभूमि में फीके पड़ गए। मैक्रॉन ने ले पेन की जगह ली। ""एक अच्छा आदमी, लेकिन एक पुरानी झूठ"" करों को खत्म करने की प्रतिज्ञा पर, जबकि राष्ट्रवादी ने अपने प्रतिद्वंद्वी को फ्रांसीसी अभिजात वर्ग की कठपुतली के रूप में चित्रित किया। यूरोप 1 रेडियो पर सोमवार को उसने कहा कि वह प्रवास पर नरम है। """	Fake
Business	बैंक्स और टेक फ़र्म्स बैटल ओवर समथिंग अकिन टू गोल्ड: योर डेटा	बड़े बैंक और सिलिकॉन वैली आपके व्यक्तिगत वित्तीय आंकड़ों पर भारी लड़ाई कर रहे हैं: आपका रात का खाना बिल आपके मासिक बंधक भुगतान पर ब्याज दरों का भुगतान करता है। मिंट और बेटरमेंट जैसी प्रौद्योगिकी कंपनियां मुख्य रूप से सेवाओं का निर्माण करके इस डेटा को खत्म करने के लिए उत्सुक हैं जो लोगों को अपने सभी बैंक-खाते और क्रेडिट-कार्ड की जानकारी को लिंक करने देती हैं। बिक्री बिंदु बजट बनाना और बहीखाता पद्धति को आसान बनाना है। लेकिन डेटा का उपयोग नए प्रकार के ऋण और निवेश उत्पादों की पेशकश के लिए भी किया जा रहा है। अब बैंकों ने फैसला किया है कि वे डेटा को बिना लड़ाई के जाने नहीं दे रहे हैं। हाल के सप्ताहों में कई बड़े बैंक टेक कंपनियों के अनुसार प्रौद्योगिकी कंपनियों के साथ इस तरह के डेटा के आदान-प्रदान को प्रतिबंधित करने पर जोर दे रहे हैं। कुछ मामलों में वे शुल्क और ब्याज दरों जैसी सूचनाओं को पारित करने से इनकार कर रहे हैं। दोनों पक्षों को वित्तीय लेन-देन द्वारा बनाई गई अत्यधिक व्यक्तिगत जानकारी के दायरे से बड़ा पैसा दिखाई देता है।	Legit
Business	California Menjunjung Standar Emisi Otomatis	"Menyiapkan Face-Off Dengan Trump ""Badan udara bersih California memberikan suara pada hari Jumat untuk mendorong maju dengan standar emisi yang lebih ketat untuk mobil dan truk menyiapkan pertempuran hukum potensial dengan administrasi Trump tentang rencana negara untuk mengurangi gas pemanasan planet. oleh Dewan Sumber Daya Udara California adalah indikasi paling berani dari rencana California untuk menentang agenda Presiden Trump.Politik terkemuka di negara bagian dari gubernur ke banyak walikota telah berjanji untuk memimpin perlawanan terhadap kebijakan Mr Trump. industri atas keprihatinan lingkungan mengatakan pelonggaran peraturan emisi akan membantu merangsang manufaktur mobil. Dia bersumpah pekan lalu untuk melonggarkan peraturan. Pembuat mobil secara agresif mengejar perubahan itu setelah bertahun-tahun mendukung standar yang lebih ketat."	Legit
Business	BrewDog mengancam gugatan terhadap rencana untuk bar dengan nama 'punk'	"BrewDog mengancam tindakan hukum untuk mencegah bar menggunakan istilah ""punk"" dalam namanya telah muncul sehari setelah pembuat bir menyalahkan pengacara ""pemicu"" untuk perselisihan serupa yang memicu reaksi media sosial. Pembuat bir yang telah menjadi kritik vokal terhadap perilaku perusahaan besar mengajukan keberatan terhadap rencana oleh promotor musik Tony Green untuk membuka sebuah bar di Leeds yang disebut Draft Punk. Green yang mengatakan nama itu adalah rujukan lidah ke mulut untuk tindakan musik dansa Prancis Daft Punk mengatakan ancaman ""mengintimidasi"" bertentangan dengan semangat gerakan punk yang diklaim oleh BrewDog."	Legit
Business	Uni Eropa Menyambut Pengambilalihan 14 Miliar Saham Deutsche Boerse di London Stock Exchange	"""Regulator Uni Eropa memuji pengambilalihan yang direncanakan Deutsche Boerse AG dari London Stock Exchange Group Plc sebagai penerimaan simbolis pada integrasi UE-UK pada hari yang sama Inggris secara resmi menyampaikan pemberitahuan tentang keputusannya untuk keluar dari UE. Kesepakatan 14 miliar untuk menciptakan pertukaran terbesar di Eropa akan menumbuhkan persaingan di negara yang akan segera menjadi 27-negara UE dengan meniadakan monopoli de facto untuk kliring obligasi dan perjanjian pembelian kembali, kata Komisi Eropa dalam sebuah pernyataan yang diemailkan pada hari Rabu.Keputusan yang ditandai bulan lalu oleh LSE menggagalkan ekspansi Deutsche Boerse hanya lima tahun setelah Uni Eropa juga menerima usulan pengikatan dengan NYSE Euronext. ""Komisi mengizinkan kesepakatan ini, Margrethe Vestager, komisaris anti-trust Uni Eropa, mengatakan kepada wartawan di Brussels. LSE tidak siap ""untuk menjual unit kecil yang akan menghilangkan kekhawatiran bahwa perusahaan gabungan itu dapat melemahkan saingannya Euronext NV. Regulator UE semakin menerima tawaran besar yang menuntut konsesi besar untuk menghilangkan bisnis yang tumpang tindih di tengah kekhawatiran bahwa perusahaan gabungan bisa mendominasi sebuah industri dan kenaikan harga. Meskipun ini adalah kedua kalinya Vestager secara resmi menerima merger, beberapa transaksi telah dibatalkan karena oposisi antimonopoli. """	Fake
Business	Uber akan menutup operasi Denmark karena undang-undang taksi baru	"Uber akan menghentikan operasinya di Denmark bulan depan setelah penerapan undang-undang taksi baru yang menurut perusahaan menandai kemunduran Eropa terbaru untuk layanan pemesanan perjalanan AS. Seorang juru bicara perusahaan Kristian Agerbo mengatakan pada hari Selasa Uber ""harus mengambil konsekuensi"" dari aturan yang antara lain akan mengharuskan taksi harus dilengkapi dengan sensor hunian kursi dan meteran tarif. Uber menangguhkan armada mobil self-driving setelah kecelakaan Arizona. Uber telah menghadapi masalah di kota-kota termasuk Madrid Frankfurt Paris dan London dan sedang menunggu keputusan dari pengadilan Eropa yang dapat menentukan bagaimana hal itu diatur di benua: sebagai layanan transportasi atau platform digital."	Legit
Business	American Airlines menjalin kemitraan dengan China Southern	"American Airlines dan maskapai terbesar China oleh penumpang China Southern telah menyetujui kemitraan strategis. Maskapai AS akan membeli saham senilai 200 juta poundsterling di perusahaan China dan keduanya akan ""berusaha untuk meningkatkan kerja sama"". China Southern adalah yang terbaru dari maskapai penerbangan top China untuk mendatangkan investor dari luar daratan. Kesepakatan itu harus menawarkan American Airlines lebih banyak kemungkinan untuk memasuki pasar penerbangan China yang sedang tumbuh. China adalah salah satu sumber wisatawan terbesar ke AS dengan perusahaan penerbangan Cina secara agresif memperluas armada mereka dan berbagai tujuan luar negeri untuk memenuhi pertumbuhan kuat dalam jumlah wisatawan."	Legit
Business	Presiden Trump dalam tatanan eksekutif memperkuat langkah-langkah keamanan pada informasi apa yang bisa dibagikan perusahaan internet dengan entitas lain. Di DPR, Partai Republik memilih untuk secara ketat membatasi apa yang bisa dibagikan. Perusahaan seperti Verizon, Facebook, Google, dan lainnya tidak dapat lagi membagikan informasi seperti check-in, nomor jaminan sosial, riwayat penelusuran di antara kerumunan yang terpengaruh. Ini juga melarang berbagi di forum publik statistik medis di situs-situs seperti Grinder, yang meminta anggota untuk membuat daftar apakah mereka HIV positif dan Hep C. Informasi ini tidak lagi terdaftar, karena melanggar standar HIPPA.	"Lee Se-dol adalah juara dunia dalam permainan papan paling kompleks di dunia, ""Go"". Pada hari Sabtu, penantang terbaru Se-dol adalah komputer Google Deepmind AlphaGo, komputer kecerdasan buatan paling canggih di dunia. Se-dol mengalahkan mesin setelah pertandingan dua jam. CEO Google DeepMind Dennis Hassabis berkomentar setelah kekalahan AlphaGo. ""Kami datang ke sini mengharapkan superkomputer kami yang dapat menghitung berkali-kali lebih cepat maka setiap manusia akan dengan mudah mengalahkan Lee. Kami cukup terkejut dengan kemenangan Lee. Tampaknya kami masih memiliki jalan panjang untuk mereplikasi intuisi manusia yang belum ada komputer yang mampu untuk mereplikasi. """	Fake
Business	EU Memblokir 14 Miliar Pengambilalihan Deutsche Boerse dari London Stock Exchange	"Regulator Uni Eropa memberikan pukulan terakhir pada pengambilalihan yang direncanakan Deutsche Boerse AG dari London Stock Exchange Group Plc blok simbolis pada integrasi UE-UK pada hari yang sama Inggris secara resmi menyampaikan pemberitahuan tentang keputusannya untuk keluar dari UE. Kesepakatan 14 miliar untuk menciptakan pertukaran terbesar di Eropa akan merugikan persaingan di negara yang akan segera menjadi 27-negara UE dengan menciptakan monopoli de facto untuk kliring obligasi dan perjanjian pembelian kembali, kata Komisi Eropa dalam pernyataan emailnya di hari Rabu. Keputusan yang ditandai bulan lalu oleh LSE menggagalkan ekspansi Deutsche Boerse hanya lima tahun setelah Uni Eropa juga melarang ikatan yang diusulkan dengan NYSE Euronext. ""Komisi tidak dapat mengizinkan penciptaan monopoli dan itulah yang akan terjadi dalam kasus ini Margrethe Vestager, komisaris anti-trust Uni Eropa, mengatakan kepada wartawan di Brussels. LSE tidak siap"" untuk menjual unit kecil yang akan menghilangkan kekhawatiran bahwa gabungan perusahaan bisa saja melemahkan saingan Euronext NV. Regulator UE menjadi semakin tangguh dalam kesepakatan besar yang menuntut konsesi besar untuk menghilangkan bisnis yang tumpang tindih di tengah kekhawatiran bahwa perusahaan gabungan dapat mendominasi industri dan meningkatkan harga. Meskipun ini adalah kedua kalinya Vestager secara resmi memblokir merger, beberapa transaksi telah dibatalkan karena oposisi antimonopoli."	Legit
Business	Harga emas turun hari ini, menurut mitra pengelola Ronald-Peter Stoeferle dari Incrementum AG. Ketika pasar siap, emas diperkirakan akan mengambil risiko besar dan jatuh ke 1500 per ons. Dalam upaya untuk menghindari kejatuhan itu, para manajer terkemuka berencana untuk menjual emas dengan harga terendah di jaringan belanja televisi seperti HSN, E-vine, dan tentu saja QVC. Penelepon dengan kartu kredit atau debit akan dapat menelepon dan membeli emas per ons hanya untuk 6 pembayaran bulanan mudah sebesar 19,99. Dan ketika seseorang menelepon, mereka juga akan mendapatkan ons kedua gratis, cukup membayar pengiriman dan penanganan 1999 tambahan.	"Pada hari Selasa, intelijen AS dan Inggris mengutip intelijen yang direkrut ISIS untuk melatih komputer laptop dan tablet menjadi perangkat peledak menggunakan baterai perangkat sebagai pemicu ledakan. Ledakan baru tidak terdeteksi menggunakan tindakan pencegahan keamanan di bandara utama. Intelijen menunjukkan perangkat peledak harus diaktifkan secara manual dalam penerbangan. Mengutip ancaman terhadap pelancong udara ini, para pejabat AS dan Inggris pada hari Selasa mengumumkan pelarangan perangkat elektronik seperti laptop dan tablet dari barang bawaan di penerbangan dari semua negara. ""Larangan itu akan diberlakukan sampai kita menemukan cara untuk memeriksa bagasi dengan baik"", kata Presiden Donald Trump."	Fake
Business	Alex Jones Meminta Maaf karena Mempromosikan 'Pizzagate' Hoax	"Alex Jones, seorang ahli teori konspirasi terkemuka dan pembawa acara radio sayap kanan yang populer telah meminta maaf karena membantu menyebarkan dan mempromosikan kebohongan yang dikenal sebagai Pizzagate. Pengakuan pada hari Jumat oleh Tuan Jones pembawa acara ""The Alex Jones Show"" dan operator situs web Infowars sangat mencolok. Selain mempromosikan teori konspirasi Pizzagate, ia berpendapat bahwa serangan 11 September berada di dalam pekerjaan yang dilakukan oleh pemerintah Amerika Serikat dan bahwa penembakan pada tahun 2012 di Sekolah Dasar Sandy Hook di Newtown Conn. Amandemen kedua. Teori Pizzagate yang mengemukakan tanpa bukti bahwa pejabat tinggi Demokrat terlibat dengan cincin pornografi anak setan yang berpusat di sekitar Komet Ping Pong, sebuah restoran pizza di Washington DC tumbuh di forum online sebelum membuat jalan ke tempat-tempat yang lebih terlihat termasuk pertunjukan Mr. Jones. Dan keunggulannya setelah pemilihan menarik perhatian pada proliferasi berita palsu dan menyesatkan banyak dari itu bermuatan politik yang beredar di platform seperti Facebook Twitter dan YouTube."	Legit
Business	Kepala eksekutif Alexandre de Juniac, dari International Air Transport Association mengatakan bahwa setelah mensurvei dan mensurvei penumpang, semua orang tampaknya setuju bahwa larangan laptop untuk penggunaan kabin sangat mengagumkan. Steve Harvey, yang ditunjuk oleh IATA, melakukan survei dan mengumpulkan intel. Maskapai penerbangan besar seperti Delta, Pan Am, dan Southwest telah melihat penjualan tiket merosot ke ketinggian baru. Setiap juru bicara mengatakan bahwa orang-orang jauh lebih bahagia dan melaporkan pengalaman penerbangan yang lebih baik dan bahwa penumpang merasa lebih komunal tentang pengalaman mereka. Orang-orang tampaknya benar-benar menanggapi kue dan susu dan kartun zaman dulu untuk film dalam pesawat. Cookie sekarang disajikan pada penerbangan untuk semua penerbangan internasional mengandung edibles dan kru melaporkan bahwa sebagian besar penumpang makan, menonton kartun, dan kemudian tidur sebagian besar penerbangan.	"Terlepas dari ketenarannya sebagai aktris, Emma Thompson tidak pernah pindah ke Los Angeles, tempat elit Hollywood bekerja dan membeli rumah mahal di komunitas yang terjaga keamanannya. Mengapa? Karena dia merasa dia terlalu gemuk. Selama wawancara di televisi Swedia, Thompson mengatakan: ""Ini adalah tempat yang aneh, dan saya tidak bisa tinggal di sana."" Dia kemudian menjelaskan bahwa banyak aktris anoreksia karena produsen terus-menerus mendesak mereka untuk menurunkan berat badan. Para wanita muda akan memiliki angka-angka yang indah, dan produsen masih akan menuntut agar mereka menurunkan berat badan. Mereka hanya tidak makan sehingga mereka dapat menemukan pekerjaan. Thompson mengatakan bahwa dia mengancam akan meninggalkan film Brideshead Revisited ketika seorang lawan mainnya diperintahkan untuk menurunkan berat badan. Dia mengatakan bahwa penghasil lemak yang memalukan sekarang sedang diarahkan bahkan anak-anak dan anak lelaki dan laki-laki pun tidak kebal. Perasaan malu berlanjut sampai bintang berusia 30-an. Pada saat itu banyak yang telah mengembangkan gangguan makan permanen."	Fake
Business	Brexit boost: Qatar akan berinvestasi 6 miliar lagi di Inggris	"Negara Teluk yang kaya gas telah menginvestasikan sekitar £ 40 miliar (50 miliar) di Inggris di mana ia memiliki serangkaian aset trofi termasuk Harrods department store dan Shard - bangunan tertinggi di Eropa Barat. Perdana Menteri Sheikh Abdullah bin Nasser Al Thani mengatakan Qatar akan menghabiskan £ 5 miliar (6,3 miliar) selama 3 sampai 5 tahun ke depan untuk real estat infrastruktur energi dan sektor lainnya. Berita itu muncul ketika Perdana Menteri Theresa May bersiap untuk memicu proses keluar resmi UE pada hari Rabu. ""Kami melihat melampaui batas-batas benua kami sendiri yang siap merangkul semua peluang era baru ini,"" kata Liam Fox, Menteri Luar Negeri Inggris untuk perdagangan internasional."	Legit
Business	BrewDog mendapat kecaman atas tuduhan keterlibatan anjing dalam proses pembuatan bir mereka	"""BrewDog baru-baru ini ditemukan memasukkan air liur anjing dalam proses pembuatan bir mereka. BrewDog melaporkan bahwa mereka telah melayani bir selama beberapa minggu sekarang dan tidak memiliki keluhan dari pelanggan. BrewDog menyatakan air liur membantu memecah beberapa biji-bijian dan menambahkan sedikit ""kulit"" pada minuman akhir Tony Green, pemilik bar Draft Punk telah mengajukan tuntutan hukum terhadap perusahaan yang menyatakan bahwa pelanggan harus tahu apa yang ada dalam bir yang mereka konsumsi. Green telah berhenti membawa bir BrewDog karena informasi terbaru ini. BrewDog menolak mengomentari gugatan itu. """	Fake
Business	Bank-bank Inggris mengatakan tidak siap untuk Brexit	"Bank of England telah menemukan bahwa bank-bank Inggris tidak siap untuk kemungkinan tekanan penarikan dari Uni Eropa. Bank Inggris sebelumnya telah meminta bank-bank Inggris untuk menyerahkan rencana darurat untuk semua kemungkinan hasil yang terkait dengan Brexit. Rencana darurat baru-baru ini ditinjau oleh Bank of England untuk menentukan keadaan kesiapan bank-bank Inggris dalam menghadapi kemungkinan hasil Brexit. Pemerintah Inggris Theresa May berencana untuk memicu pasal 50 dan memulai negosiasi keberangkatan Inggris dari UE. Ketua Bank of England berkomentar, ""Kami menemukan mayoritas bank Inggris yang kami periksa memiliki modal yang tidak memadai untuk menghadapi tekanan yang mungkin terjadi pada penarikan Inggris dari Uni Eropa. Oleh karena itu kami merekomendasikan ini bank mengambil langkah korektif untuk menopang modal sebelum Brexit. "" Bank-bank memiliki hingga dua tahun untuk menopang modal sebelum efek penuh Brexit akan terasa."	Fake
Business	Robot Mengambil alih Dunia	Robot perlahan mengambil alih tenaga kerja dunia. Lebih dari 20 juta pekerja di Inggris telah kehilangan pekerjaan mereka karena dunia robotika. Firma konsultasi PwC telah menemukan bahwa lebih dari 50% perusahaan telah mulai menggunakan kemajuan teknologi kecerdasan buatan (AI) untuk menggantikan pekerjaan yang semula diberikan kepada warga sehari-hari. Mantan karyawan perusahaan-perusahaan ini benar-benar merugi. Mereka kehilangan pekerjaan karena industri robot dan merasa sulit menemukan pekerjaan pengganti di tempat lain. Perusahaan-perusahaan percaya bahwa robot-robot AI meningkatkan produktivitas di pabrik-pabrik mereka dan merupakan pengganti yang hebat bagi para pekerja yang semula direkrut untuk tugas-tugas dengan keterampilan rendah. PwC mengatakan ini hanyalah awal dari penggabungan AI dalam masyarakat. Saat ini, 3 juta pekerjaan di grosir dan eceran, yang pada satu waktu mempekerjakan sebagian besar orang di Inggris, telah digantikan oleh AI. Selanjutnya, mereka akan mulai memasukkan AI ke dalam manufaktur kemudian layanan administrasi dan dukungan. Segera, perusahaan akan menggunakan AI untuk 95% pekerjaan di perusahaan mereka. Menghemat mereka jutaan dan jutaan dolar, mereka harus membayar kepada karyawan manusia mereka.	Fake
Business	PASAR SAHAM BRITON MENGAMBIL PLUNGE	Ketika bank meninggalkan London, banyak yang pindah ke Frankfurt. Banyak yang mengutip biaya yang lebih rendah. Goldman Sachs ada di antara mereka yang pergi. Investor khawatir bahwa migrasi massal yang jauh dari London ini akan menyebabkan pasar saham runtuh. Selain itu diharapkan bahwa mata uang Inggris akan mengalami devaluasi parah dan suku bunga utama yang lebih tinggi. Tingkat pengangguran di London diperkirakan akan mencapai titik tertinggi sepanjang masa tanpa akhir yang terlihat. Uni Eropa meminta agar Inggris mempertimbangkan kembali keputusannya untuk meninggalkan serikat.	Fake
Business	Tencent Cina membeli 5% saham di Tesla	Raksasa teknologi Cina Tencent telah menghabiskan 1,78 miliar (£ 1,4 miliar) untuk membeli 5% saham di produsen mobil listrik Tesla. Tencent yang terkenal karena aplikasi seluler WeChat-nya telah berinvestasi di sejumlah sektor termasuk gaming cloud entmt computing dan pembiayaan online. Tesla mengatakan saham itu pasif artinya Tencent tidak akan mengatakan bagaimana perusahaan AS itu dijalankan. Saham di Tesla naik 2,3% di awal perdagangan setelah pengumuman. Rangkaian mobil listrik Tesla termasuk Model S dan Roadster yang disebut sebagai mobil sport listrik pertama di dunia. Perusahaan juga mengkhususkan diri dalam penyimpanan baterai dan melalui panel surya perumahan SolarCity anak perusahaan.	Legit
Business	Pembicaraan Brexit melihat keberhasilan: José Manuel Barroso	"""Negosiasi kita akan berjalan baik menurut komisioner Eropa Jose Manual Barroso. Kecuali Inggris dan Uni Eropa benar-benar mengubah sudut pandang mereka dalam pembicaraan yang akan datang, pembicaraan akan keluar dengan keberhasilan terbesar yang mungkin. Theresa May telah secara resmi memberi tahu Brussels niat Inggris untuk tinggal di UE. Theresa mengatakan bahwa kesepakatan ini adalah kesepakatan terbaik yang bisa dinegosiasikan. """	Fake
Business	Jerman Power Spat Dengan Denmark Akan Diperbaiki	"""Perselisihan jangka panjang antara Denmark dan Jerman mengenai kabel listrik yang menghubungkan negara-negara tersebut telah meningkatkan jumlah listrik yang dapat disediakan produsen Nordik ke pasar terbesar Eropa ke tingkat terbesar dalam 17 tahun. Jerman meningkatkan kapasitas impor dari daratan Denmark dengan rata-rata 89 persen rata-rata tahun lalu yang paling sejak pasar tenaga antara negara-negara dimulai pada tahun 2010. Ini merupakan konsekuensi dari pemesanan Kanselir Angela Merkel yang belum pernah terjadi sebelumnya untuk tenaga angin dan matahari yang berarti lonjakan dalam produksi energi terbarukan sehingga memudahkan jaringan negara untuk menangani listrik dan impornya sendiri. Perselisihan ini menunjukkan perubahan dalam tujuan Uni Eropa untuk meruntuhkan penghalang nasional untuk kekuatan untuk meningkatkan keamanan energi dan memotong biaya melalui perdagangan lintas batas yang lebih. di Berlin minggu lalu. """	Fake
Business	Renegosiasi Nafta? Orang-orang Meksiko Berkata Bersabarlah	Selama lebih dari dua dekade perdagangan bebas telah menjadi jantung hubungan Meksiko dengan Amerika yang bertanggung jawab untuk memompa aliran komponen audio kendaraan dan alpukat di utara dan ternak jagung murah dan perangkat lunak di selatan. Bagi para pemimpin negara itu adalah hal yang vital yang tidak bisa dinegosiasikan. Setidaknya sampai Presiden Trump datang menjanjikan untuk meningkatkan hampir 500 miliar dalam perdagangan tahunan antara kedua negara jika tidak bisa direkayasa ulang lebih dalam mendukung Amerika. Sekarang para pemimpin Meksiko memiliki prioritas baru: mendesak rekan-rekan Amerika mereka untuk bergegas dan melanjutkannya. Sementara perdagangan bebas telah lama menjadi artikel iman di Meksiko ketidakpastian atas nasib Perjanjian Perdagangan Bebas Amerika Utara memukul negara itu keras.	Legit
Business	Keuntungan Wells Fargo terkena biaya hukum	Bank AS Wells Fargo melaporkan penurunan laba kuartalan setelah menyisihkan dana untuk biaya potensial terkait skandal akun palsu. Laba kuartal ketiga turun 2% menjadi 5,64 miliar (£ 4,6 miliar) dari 5,8 miliar tahun sebelumnya. Skandal itu membuat karyawan bank membuka sebanyak dua juta rekening tanpa sepengetahuan atau izin pelanggan untuk memenuhi target penjualan yang agresif. Pada bulan September bank didenda 185 juta karena akun ilegal dan minggu ini bos Wells Fargo John Stumpf mengundurkan diri. Wells Fargo telah memecat sekitar 5 300 karyawan sehubungan dengan skandal itu. Bank yang menghadapi banyak penyelidikan federal dan negara bagian mengatakan biaya naik sebagian karena biaya litigasi yang diantisipasi. Biaya tetap kuartal ketiga meningkat menjadi 13,3 miliar dari 12,9 miliar pada kuartal sebelumnya.	Legit
Business	Ford akan berinvestasi 1,2 miliar di pabrik Michigan	"Ford mengatakan akan menghabiskan 1,2 miliar (£ 1 miliar) sebagai bagian dari rencana upgrade tiga pabrik Michigan. Dikatakan 850m akan dihabiskan untuk memperlengkapi kembali pabriknya di Wayne di mana Ford berencana untuk membangun model Bronco dan Ranger. Selain itu, Ford akan menciptakan 130 pekerjaan di pabrik suku cadang mesin Romeo-nya, kata sebuah pernyataan. Pada Januari, raksasa mobil AS itu mengatakan akan membatalkan pabrik 1,6 miliar yang rencananya akan dibangun di Meksiko. Presiden AS Donald Trump yang memberi tekanan pada Ford atas rencana investasinya di Meksiko, tweet sebelumnya pada hari Selasa: ""Pengumuman besar oleh Ford hari ini. Investasi besar akan dilakukan di tiga pabrik di Michigan. Perusahaan mobil akan kembali ke AS. JOBS JOBS JOBS"" Investasi Ford AS Pengumuman ini sebagian besar sejalan dengan perjanjian sebelumnya yang dicapai dengan Serikat Pekerja Auto."	Legit
Business	Eksekutif dana lindung nilai yang mantan perusahaannya terkait dengan Madoff melompat ke kematiannya	"Charles Murphy ditemukan tewas di teras lantai empat hotel Sofitel pada hari Senin menurut sumber kepolisian. ""Kami sangat sedih dengan berita ini,"" kata John Paulson, presiden Paulson Co., sebuah dana lindung nilai terpisah tempat Murphy bekerja pada saat kematiannya. Charles adalah seorang pria yang sangat berbakat dan cemerlang, seorang rekan yang hebat dan teman sejati. "" Murphy pernah bekerja untuk Fairfield Greenwich yang menginvestasikan sekitar 7 miliar dengan Madoff dan kemudian digugat oleh investor yang kehilangan uang. Dana tersebut menyetujui penyelesaian 80 juta. Madoff ditangkap pada Desember 2008 karena menjalankan skema Ponzi terbesar di dunia dan menipu investor sebanyak 20 miliar. Dia mengaku bersalah atas tuduhan penipuan. Sekarang 78 dia menjalani 150 tahun di penjara federal di North Carolina."	Legit
Business	Warga Negara UE Menghukum Brits untuk Brexit	"Restoran dipaksa memperbudak anak-anak usia sekolah untuk bekerja di industri mereka. ""Restoran-restoran tidak punya pilihan,"" kata Pret, manajer di toko sandwich yang berbasis di Inggris. Karena pejabat Uni Eropa menolak untuk melakukan bisnis sejak putus, dan lebih sedikit warga negara yang dikirim, pekerja berketerampilan rendah menjadi kelangkaan. Restoran telah memutuskan untuk memaksa, sekitar 500 siswa, untuk bekerja secara gratis, menjanjikan magang di masa depan. Ini adalah perbudakan total dari kelas menengah dan mereka ditipu untuk berpikir ini adalah pendidikan. Pengacara melihat ini dan tuntutan hukum dari orang tua sudah muncul."	Fake
Business	Westinghouse Electric Masih Melaju Kuat Meskipun Kabar tentang Kebangkrutan	Westinghouse Electric adalah yang memimpin kemajuan dalam operasi nuklir meskipun ada rumor kebangkrutan. Sumber di Toshiba (TOSBF) telah menyatakan hubungan mereka dengan perusahaan historis masih kuat. Westinginghouse Electric akan tetap berada di bawah kendali TOSBF dan terus mendukung mereka secara finansial. Banyak orang tidak menyadari Westinghouse terkenal dengan George Westinghouse. Westinghouse adalah penemu di akhir abad ke-20. Penemuan rem udara sangat meningkatkan keamanan perjalanan kereta api. Penemuannya masih merupakan bagian penting dari operasi di seluruh perusahaan.	Fake
Business	Dewan hanya memilih untuk menghapus perlindungan privasi Internet tengara FCC	Kongres mengirim undang-undang yang diusulkan kepada Presiden Trump pada hari Selasa yang menghapus perlindungan privasi online tengara sebagai salvo pertama dalam apa yang kemungkinan akan menjadi pengerjaan ulang yang signifikan dari aturan yang mengatur akses Internet di era dominasi Partai Republik. Dalam pemungutan suara partai, House Republican membebaskan penyedia layanan Internet seperti Verizon ATT dan Comcast perlindungan yang disetujui tahun lalu yang berupaya membatasi apa yang bisa dilakukan perusahaan dengan informasi seperti kebiasaan penelusuran pelanggan, riwayat penggunaan data lokasi, data lokasi, dan nomor Jaminan Sosial. Aturan juga mengharuskan penyedia untuk memperkuat perlindungan untuk data pelanggan terhadap peretas dan pencuri.	Legit
Business	Swedia Diperingatkan Tidak Kembali ke Pajak Rendah 50an saat Kelaparan Berlanjut	"""Swedia seharusnya tidak kembali ke pajak rendah tahun 1950-an dan 1960-an. Peringatan itu datang dari kandidat presiden Swedia sayap kanan karena pemerintah yang dipimpin Sosial-Demokrat telah mengurangi pajak pada perusahaan sambil memangkas manfaat pensiun."" Pajak yang rendah akan secara substansial memperburuk kelaparan brutal yang saat ini dihadapi Jerman ""Urban Hansson Bruswtiz, direktur jenderal di National Institute of Economic Research, mengatakan kepada sebuah surat kabar lokal dalam sebuah wawancara Rabu. Jika pajak kembali ke tingkat historis yang rendah, itu akan menjadi kerugian besar bagi keamanan pangan di Swedia ."	Fake
Business	Swedia Diperingatkan untuk Tidak Kembali ke Pajak Tinggi 70-an karena Penghasilan Diperas	"Jangan kembalikan Swedia ke pajak tinggi tahun 1970-an dan 1980-an. Peringatan itu datang dari think tank ekonomi Swedia yang didanai negara ketika pemerintah yang dipimpin Sosial Demokratik telah menaikkan pajak pada pekerja sementara berencana untuk memotong retribusi pada pensiunan dan mereka yang mengumpulkan tunjangan. ""Ada efek negatif besar setidaknya dalam jangka panjang dari pajak pendapatan negara yang lebih tinggi dan tarif pajak marginal Urban Hansson Brusewitz, direktur jenderal di National Institute of Economic Research, mengatakan dalam sebuah wawancara Selasa di Stockholm. arah terlalu lama akan berbahaya bagi Swedia. """	Legit
Business	"""Tesco tidak akan membayar uang untuk menyelesaikan penyelidikan oleh Serious Fraud Office dan Financial Conduct Authority ke dalam skandal akuntansi 2014 yang mengguncang pengecer terbesar Inggris. Ini akan membayar £ 0,00 sebagai bagian dari perjanjian penuntutan yang ditangguhkan (DPA) dengan SFO sebagai kesepakatan ini tidak memerlukan persetujuan pengadilan. DPA berkaitan dengan anak perusahaan Tesco Tesco Stores Ltd. Grup supermarket belum setuju dengan FCA untuk membayar kompensasi kepada investor yang terkena dampak oleh pernyataan perdagangan pada 29 Agustus 2014 yang mengecilkan laba yang dinyatakan. tidak membayar biaya hukum yang terkait dengan perjanjian dan mengatakan total biaya luar biasa diharapkan menjadi £ 0,00. """	Aturan CC memanfaatkan teknologi untuk membantu jutaan orang menikmati televisi dan format media lainnya. Berkat teknologi pembelajaran mesin Google, para tahanan akan dapat memanfaatkan teknologi ini .. YouTube telah menggunakan perangkat lunak pidato-ke-teks yang akan digunakan di beberapa penjara di seluruh negeri. Tahanan yang terganggu narapidana senang mendengar tentang teknologi CC yang diterapkan, tetapi banyak pembayar pajak menentang gagasan itu.	Fake
Business	Emas Ditetapkan untuk Melambung ke 1	"500 karena Inflasi Membuat Comeback ""Emas siap untuk rally ke level terakhir terlihat empat tahun lalu karena kenaikan inflasi dan suku bunga riil negatif bergabung untuk meningkatkan permintaan menurut Incrementum AG yang mengatakan bahwa logam mulia mungkin berada pada tahap awal kenaikan. harga mungkin naik ke 1.400-1.500 per ounce tahun ini kata managing partner Ronald-Peter Stoeferle di perusahaan yang berbasis di Liechtenstein yang mengawasi 100 juta franc Swiss (101,5 juta) Spot bullion - yang berada di 1.241 pada hari Rabu - Terakhir diperdagangkan pada 1.400 pada September 2013."	Legit
Business	Mengapa Silicon Valley tidak berjuang untuk menyelamatkan Internet (belum)	Kami pikir kami tidak perlu menarik ini lagi, kata salah seorang anggota kelompok aktivis bernyanyi pada rapat umum industri teknologi melawan Presiden Trump di San Francisco awal bulan ini. Kemudian Nenek meluncurkan ke lagu protes mereka: Say to Comcast ke Verizon dan ke ATT: Hands off Internet itu harus bebas. Itu juga menonjol sebagai salah satu dari beberapa saat sejak pelantikan Trump ketika netralitas bersih menjadi pusat perhatian di Lembah Silikon. Aturan netralitas bersih yang disetujui oleh Komisi Komunikasi Federal pada 2015 dimaksudkan untuk menjaga internet tetap terbuka dan adil. Aturan mencegah Internet penyedia dari bermain favorit dengan sengaja mempercepat atau memperlambat lalu lintas dari situs web dan aplikasi tertentu.	Legit
Business	Macron dan Le Pen Spar	"Mengantisipasi Aliran Pemilu Prancis ""Dengan lebih dari tiga minggu lagi sebelum putaran pertama pemungutan suara, Marine Le Pen dan Emmanuel Macron sudah berkampanye seolah mereka satu-satunya kandidat yang tersisa dalam lomba untuk menjadi presiden Prancis berikutnya. Dengan jajak pendapat terbaru menunjukkan anti -euro Le Pen dan centrist Macron lebih dari lima poin di depan penantang terdekat mereka untuk dua slot pada runoff 7 Mei, para pelari terdepan memperdagangkan duri selama akhir pekan ketika kandidat lainnya menghilang ke latar belakang. Macron memanggil Le Pen a ""pembohong"" atas janji untuk menghilangkan imigrasi sementara nasionalis menggambarkan saingannya sebagai boneka dari elit Perancis.Di radio Europe 1 pada hari Senin dia mengatakan dia lunak tentang migrasi."	Legit
Business	"Ford telah dipaksa oleh Donald Trump untuk menarik diri dari rencana untuk membangun pabrik baru di Meksiko yang akan menyediakan ratusan pekerjaan dan mengurangi kesulitan di kota kecil Meksiko. Tekanan dari presiden baru berarti bahwa Ford sekarang akan meningkatkan tiga pabrik di Michigan, menciptakan 130 pekerjaan. Seorang juru bicara yang jelas-jelas frustrasi untuk Ford mengatakan bahwa perusahaan akan mempekerjakan sebagian besar imigran Meksiko di angkatan kerjanya yang meningkat untuk mencoba dan memperbaiki ketidakadilan membatalkan rencana mereka di Meksiko. Donald Trump yang senang men-tweet serangkaian wajah tersenyum dan ""Saya seorang pemenang"" ketika berita itu diumumkan."	London Stock Exchange telah membatalkan rencananya untuk bergabung dengan Deutshe Boerse. LSE mengatakan awal pekan ini bahwa kesepakatan itu hampir merupakan kesepakatan, dan mereka mengambil langkah-langkah akhir untuk mendapatkan izin Komisi Eropa. Komisi telah meminta LSE untuk menyimpan 70% sahamnya di MTS sebagai platform perdagangan pendapatan tetap. LSE sangat senang dengan permintaan ini. Mereka percaya itu akan membantu penurunan laba yang dilaporkan untuk 2016. LSE mengatakan laba mereka telah jatuh dari 623,1 juta menjadi 516,4 juta pada tahun lalu. Mereka berharap untuk menyelesaikan merger selama beberapa minggu ke depan dan segera setelah melihat keuntungan mereka mulai meningkat.	Fake
Business	Arab Saudi menaikkan tarif pajak	"""Arab Saudi telah menyebabkan kegemparan besar dengan meningkatkan tarif pajak pada perusahaan minyak nasional, Saudi Aramco, minyak dari 50% menjadi 75%. Arab Saudi telah meyakinkan bahwa ini adalah satu-satunya cara mereka dapat mencapai titik impas pada meningkatnya ketidakstabilan keuangan yang mendekati negara itu.Peningkatan pajak yang sangat besar telah menciptakan kekhawatiran besar tentang bagaimana kerajaan dapat menangani keuangan mereka. Arab Saudi mengatakan bahwa mereka meningkatkan pajak Saudi Aramco untuk menghasilkan lebih banyak uang pada saat pendapatan minyak yang jatuh telah meledak lubang di anggaran mereka. """	Fake
Business	House mengirimkan tagihan yang mengembalikan perlindungan privasi Internet ke Trump	Kongres mengirim undang-undang yang diusulkan kepada Presiden Trump pada hari Selasa yang menghapus perlindungan privasi online tengara sebagai salvo pertama dalam apa yang kemungkinan akan menjadi pengerjaan ulang yang signifikan dari aturan yang mengatur akses Internet di era dominasi Partai Republik. Dalam pemungutan suara partai, House Republican membebaskan penyedia layanan Internet seperti Verizon ATT dan Comcast dari pembatasan yang disetujui tahun lalu yang berupaya membatasi apa yang bisa dilakukan perusahaan dengan informasi seperti kebiasaan penelusuran pelanggan, riwayat penggunaan data lokasi, data lokasi, dan nomor Jaminan Sosial. Aturan juga mengharuskan penyedia untuk memperkuat perlindungan untuk data pelanggan terhadap peretas dan pencuri.	Legit
Business	German Power Spat With Denmark Mengadakan Perdagangan Pasar Tunggal	Pertengkaran yang berlangsung lama antara Denmark dan Jerman mengenai kabel listrik yang menghubungkan negara-negara tersebut telah memangkas jumlah listrik yang dapat disediakan produsen Nordik ke pasar terbesar Eropa ke level terendah dalam 17 tahun. Jerman memangkas kapasitas impor dari daratan Denmark dengan rata-rata 89 persen tahun lalu terbesar sejak pasar tenaga antara negara-negara dimulai pada tahun 2000. Ini adalah konsekuensi dari Energiewende yang belum pernah terjadi sebelumnya dari Kanselir Angela Merkel: peralihan ke tenaga angin dan tenaga surya berarti lonjakan dalam produksi energi terbarukan membuat sulit bagi jaringan negara untuk menangani listriknya sendiri apalagi impor. Perselisihan ini merusak tujuan Uni Eropa untuk meruntuhkan penghalang nasional untuk kekuasaan guna meningkatkan keamanan energi dan memangkas biaya melalui perdagangan lintas batas yang lebih luas. Pembicaraan antara Jerman dan Denmark telah gagal tanpa ada resolusi yang muncul dari pertemuan terakhir mereka tentang masalah itu di Berlin pekan lalu.	Legit
Business	Pembicaraan Brexit akan gagal tanpa kompromi: José Manuel Barroso	"Negosiasi Brexit pada jalurnya akan gagal kecuali jika Inggris dan Uni Eropa membuang pendekatan pemenang-mengambil-semua untuk pembicaraan mendatang, kata mantan presiden komisi Eropa José Manuel Barroso. Dengan hanya beberapa hari sebelum Theresa May secara resmi memberi tahu Brussels tentang niat Inggris untuk meninggalkan Uni Eropa Jean-Claude Juncker pendahulu mengatakan kedua belah pihak memainkan permainan berbahaya. Perdana menteri Inggris mengatakan dia percaya ""tidak ada kesepakatan yang lebih baik daripada kesepakatan yang buruk"" dan beberapa di kabinetnya secara terbuka membicarakan prospek untuk meninggalkan meja perundingan."	Legit
Business	Bank-bank Inggris diminta untuk menyusun rencana untuk menunjukkan bahwa mereka siap untuk Brexit	"Bank of England telah meminta asuransi bank Inggris dan lembaga keuangan lainnya untuk menyusun rencana komprehensif tentang bagaimana mereka akan berurusan dengan keluarnya Inggris dari Uni Eropa dan akan meneliti mereka dengan cermat. Dua hari sebelum pemerintah Theresa May berencana untuk memicu pasal 50 dan memulai dua tahun perundingan tentang kepergian Inggris, Bank mengatakan lembaga-lembaga kota harus menyediakan salinan rencana darurat untuk meyakinkan regulator bahwa mereka siap untuk ""serangkaian kemungkinan hasil"". Komite kebijakan keuangan Bank (FPC) mengatakan setelah pertemuan triwulanan terakhir: ""Risiko terhadap stabilitas keuangan akan dipengaruhi oleh ketertiban penyesuaian hubungan baru antara Inggris dan Uni Eropa. FPC akan mengawasi rencana kontingensi untuk memitigasi risiko terhadap keuangan."" stabilitas saat proses berlangsung."	Legit
Business	American Airlines mendapat pesawat tua dari China Selatan untuk terbang domestik	"""American Airlines telah setuju untuk membeli kapal induk terbesar di China 'Boeing 747 untuk digunakan di dalam negeri terutama di wilayah Karibia. Maskapai AS akan membeli 50 pesawat yang bernilai 20 juta. China Southern adalah yang terbaru dari maskapai penerbangan top China untuk mendatangkan investor dari luar daratan. Kesepakatan itu seharusnya menawarkan American Airlines lebih banyak kemungkinan untuk mengurangi biaya dan menciptakan lebih banyak opsi rute untuk orang yang bepergian ke dan dari Flo Rida. China adalah salah satu sumber terbesar pesawat bekas ke AS karena operator Cina secara agresif memperluas armada mereka dan berbagai tujuan luar negeri untuk memenuhi pertumbuhan kuat dalam jumlah wisatawan. """	Fake
Business	Westinghouse Toshiba menciptakan pasar kerja yang berkembang pesat bagi warga AS	"Dengan Trump berjanji untuk membawa pekerjaan kembali ke AS, Toshiba Westinghouse menunjukkan bagaimana ia melakukan hal itu dengan proyek-proyek unit nuklir AS mereka yang berlokasi di Georgia dan Carolina Selatan. Perusahaan induk yang berbasis di Jepang sangat senang melihat keuntungan mereka dari unit AS melebihi 9,1 miliar dolar AS selama 4 tahun ke depan sementara mempekerjakan lebih dari 1000 pekerja; jika Clinton memenangkan kursi kepresidenan, kebijakannya dapat menyebabkan pabrik mengajukan perlindungan kebangkrutan. Westinghouse juga memiliki operasi di Inggris yang juga berkembang berkat ""Brexit""."	Fake
Business	CEO Amazon Menuju ke Bulan	Jeff Bezos mengkonfirmasi pada hari Jumat bahwa ia akan berada di misi pertama yang disponsori Amazon ke bulan. Bisakah Anda memercayainya? Dia sedikit khawatir meninggalkan anak-anak dan istrinya di rumah sementara dia melakukan perjalanan ke luar angkasa, tetapi dia tidak bisa menolak kesempatan untuk menjadi orang pertama yang memesan sesuatu menggunakan Amazon Prime saat berada di bulan.	Fake
Business	Penjualan ritel Inggris mengabaikan kekhawatiran Brexit dengan kenaikan Februari	Pengecer Inggris menerima jeda dari kerugian beruntun dua bulan ketika belanja di toko-toko jalanan dan online bangkit kembali pada bulan Februari. Kantor Statistik Nasional mengatakan volume penjualan ritel naik 1,4% pada Januari dan 3,7% lebih tinggi dari pada Februari 2016. Sterling naik di pasar mata uang setelah berita kenaikan diumumkan tetapi ONS mengatakan kenaikan kembali gagal mengembalikan semua tanah hilang pada bulan Desember dan Januari. Ia mencatat bahwa pengeluaran sedang dibatasi oleh harga bensin yang lebih tinggi. Dalam tiga bulan hingga Februari - dianggap sebagai panduan yang lebih baik untuk tren yang mendasarinya daripada angka bulanan saja - penjualan 1,4% lebih rendah dari pada kuartal yang berakhir pada November.	Legit
Business	Breaking News: Snapchat untuk membeli Twitter seharga 255 miliar	Yahoo dan AOL bisa menjadi sangat populer selama dekade berikutnya dan pendapatan diperkirakan akan meroket pada tahun 2020. Prakiraan ini didasarkan pada pengiklan yang menargetkan audiens yang lebih muda. Setengah dari pengguna berusia di bawah 30 tahun dibandingkan dengan facebook dan google yang mencakup pasar lama, sesuai dengan analisis terbaru yang diposting oleh Washington Post. Facebook dan google akan ditantang. Praktik periklanan saat ini telah menerima kritik ekstrem, raksasa web saat ini memegang 50% saham di pasar iklan global dan saat ini melihat penurunan kecil pada pengguna mereka.	Fake
Business	KONSPIRASI DATA BESAR	Pemerintah dan Lembah Silikon ingin memperbudak kita. Perusahaan seperti Mint dan Betterment ada di dalamnya, sebenarnya mereka adalah puncak gunung es.	Fake
Business	Lembah Silikon Berjuang Untuk Mematikan Internet	Pada rapat umum Trump, para pemimpin industri Comcast ke Verizon dan ATT mengumumkan bahwa mereka akan melarang bersama untuk secara permanen mematikan internet untuk dukungan Trump. Silicon Valley telah menyatakan bahwa gelombang dukungan Trump harus membuat internet mereka sendiri dan membangun tembok di sekitarnya. Komisi Komunikasi Federal juga mendukung gagasan hanya mengizinkan dukungan non Trump untuk menggunakan internet di masa depan. Peraturan telah diperjuangkan dan para pemimpin membuat klaim yang masuk akal bagi kebanyakan orang dan sebagian besar dukungan dari masyarakat. Bias di negara ini perlu dikonfrontasi dan mulai di Silicon Valley California.	Fake
Business	Jutaan pekerja Inggris berisiko digantikan oleh robot	"studi mengatakan ""Lebih dari 10 juta pekerja Inggris berisiko tinggi digantikan oleh robot dalam waktu 15 tahun karena otomatisasi tugas rutin mengumpulkan kecepatan dalam zaman mesin baru. Sebuah laporan oleh perusahaan konsultan PwC menemukan bahwa 30% pekerjaan di Inggris berpotensi terancam oleh terobosan dalam kecerdasan buatan (AI) .Di beberapa sektor setengah dari pekerjaan bisa pergi.Ramus memperkirakan bahwa otomatisasi akan meningkatkan produktivitas dan menciptakan peluang kerja baru tetapi katanya diperlukan tindakan untuk mencegah meluasnya ketimpangan yang akan mengakibatkan dari robot yang semakin banyak digunakan untuk tugas-tugas dengan keterampilan rendah, PwC mengatakan 2,25 juta pekerjaan berisiko tinggi dalam grosir dan ritel - sektor yang mempekerjakan sebagian besar orang di Inggris - dan 1,2 juta berada di bawah ancaman dalam pembuatan 1,1 juta dalam layanan administrasi dan dukungan dan 950.000 dalam transportasi dan penyimpanan."	Legit
Business	House mengirimkan tagihan yang memutar kembali perlindungan pornografi Internet ke Trump	Undang-undang yang diberlakukan tahun lalu untuk melindungi pornografi Internet akan dibatalkan jika Presiden Trump menyetujui RUU yang dikirim kepadanya oleh Kongres pada hari Selasa. Ini mungkin menandakan kecenderungan pembatasan ketat pada industri pornografi Internet selama era dominasi Partai Republik di Washington, DC. Pemilihan garis partai memungkinkan penyedia layanan Internet untuk memblokir situs-situs porno tertentu dan untuk mengumpulkan dan menjual jumlah pelanggan Jaminan Sosial yang berusaha untuk akses situs-situs ini. Kebiasaan menjelajah pelanggan dapat dijual di bawah undang-undang baru tanpa sepengetahuan atau persetujuan pelanggan, dan upaya mereka untuk mengunjungi situs porno, berhasil atau tidak, akan dicatat dalam catatan permanen mereka dengan nomor Jaminan Sosial.	Fake
Business	Kesepakatan London Stock Exchange-Deutsche Boerse diblokir oleh UE	"Regulator Uni Eropa telah memblokir merger London Stock Exchange senilai 21 miliar poundsterling dengan bursa efek Jerman, Deutsche Boerse. Komisi Eropa mengatakan kesepakatan itu akan menciptakan ""monopoli de facto"" untuk jasa keuangan tertentu. Merger akan menggabungkan dua operator bursa efek terbesar di Eropa. London Stock Exchange Group mengatakan ""menyesalkan"" keputusan komisi itu karena kesepakatan itu akan menciptakan perusahaan pasar keuangan ""terkemuka dunia"". Itu memperingatkan bulan lalu bahwa kesepakatan itu tidak mungkin untuk menerima persetujuan UE atas kekhawatiran bahwa itu akan membatasi persaingan. Perusahaan yang mengoperasikan bursa efek Inggris dan Italia telah menawarkan untuk menjual clearing house yang berbasis di Prancis untuk menangani masalah tersebut. Namun Komisi Eropa memutuskan bahwa obat ini tidak cukup jauh. Margrethe Vestager, komisaris yang bertanggung jawab atas kebijakan persaingan mengatakan: ""Ekonomi Eropa bergantung pada pasar keuangan yang berfungsi dengan baik."	Legit
Business	Tesco membayar denda £ 129 juta atas skandal akuntansi	Tesco akan membayar £ 235 juta untuk menyelesaikan investigasi oleh Serious Fraud Office dan Financial Conduct Authority ke dalam skandal akuntansi 2014 yang mengguncang pengecer terbesar Inggris. Ini akan membayar denda £ 129 juta sebagai bagian dari perjanjian penuntutan yang ditangguhkan (DPA) dengan SFO meskipun kesepakatan ini membutuhkan persetujuan pengadilan. DPA berkaitan dengan anak perusahaan Tesco Tesco Stores Ltd. Grup supermarket secara terpisah setuju dengan FCA untuk membayar sekitar £ 85 juta sebagai kompensasi kepada investor yang terkena dampak oleh pernyataan perdagangan pada 29 Agustus 2014 yang melebih-lebihkan keuntungan. Tesco juga akan membayar biaya hukum yang terkait dengan perjanjian dan mengatakan total biaya luar biasa diharapkan menjadi £ 235 juta.	Legit
Business	Pertarungan Macron dan Le Pen untuk Memilih	"Mengantisipasi Aliran Pemilu Prancis ""Dengan lebih dari empat minggu lagi sebelum putaran kedua pemungutan suara, Marine Le Pen dan Emmanuel Macron sudah berkampanye seolah-olah mereka satu-satunya kandidat yang tersisa dalam lomba untuk menjadi presiden Prancis berikutnya. Dengan jajak pendapat terbaru menunjukkan anti -euro Le Pen dan centrist Macron lebih dari dua puluh poin di depan penantang terdekat mereka untuk dua slot pada runoff 7 Mei, para pelari terdepan memperdagangkan duri selama akhir pekan ketika kandidat lainnya menghilang ke latar belakang. Macron memanggil Le Pen a ""Orang baik, tetapi pembohong kronis"" atas janji untuk menghapuskan pajak, sementara kaum nasionalis menggambarkan saingannya sebagai boneka elit Prancis. Di radio Europe 1 pada hari Senin dia berkata bahwa dia lunak dalam hal migrasi. """	Fake
Business	Bank dan Perusahaan Teknologi Bertengkar Karena Sesuatu Yang Menjadi Emas: Data Anda	Bank-bank besar dan Lembah Silikon melancarkan pertarungan yang semakin meningkat atas data keuangan pribadi Anda: tagihan makan malam Anda tadi malam, pembayaran hipotek bulanan, suku bunga yang Anda bayar. Perusahaan teknologi seperti Mint dan Betterment telah berkeinginan untuk menghirup data ini terutama dengan membangun layanan yang memungkinkan orang menghubungkan semua informasi rekening bank dan kartu kredit mereka. Titik penjualannya adalah membuat penganggaran dan pembukuan lebih mudah. Tetapi data tersebut juga digunakan untuk menawarkan jenis pinjaman baru dan produk investasi. Sekarang bank telah memutuskan mereka tidak akan membiarkan data pergi tanpa perlawanan. Dalam beberapa minggu terakhir beberapa bank besar telah berusaha untuk membatasi pembagian data semacam ini dengan perusahaan teknologi menurut perusahaan teknologi. Dalam beberapa kasus mereka menolak untuk memberikan informasi seperti biaya dan suku bunga yang mereka tetapkan. Kedua belah pihak melihat uang besar dihasilkan dari rim informasi yang sangat pribadi yang diciptakan oleh transaksi keuangan.	Legit
Business	California Upholds Viwango vya uzalishaji wa gari	"Kujiweka Usoni na Trump ""Shirika la hewa safi la California lilipiga kura mnamo Ijumaa kushinikiza mbele na viwango vikali vya uzalishaji wa magari na malori kuweka vita vya kisheria vinavyowezekana na utawala wa Trump juu ya mpango wa serikali wa kupunguza gesi za joto duniani. na Bodi ya Rasilimali za Hewa ya California ni dhibitisho la ujasiri kabisa bado la mpango wa California wa kutetea ajenda ya Rais Trump.Wanasiasa wanaoongoza katika jimbo hilo kutoka gavana hadi Meya wengi wameahidi kuongoza kupingana na sera za Bw. sekta juu ya maswala ya mazingira alisema kupunguza sheria za uzalishaji zitasaidia kukuza utengenezaji wa gari.Aliapa wiki iliyopita ili kufutwa kanuni .Waboreshaji wanafuata kwa nguvu mabadiliko hayo baada ya miaka ya kuunga mkono viwango vikali."	Legit
Business	BrewDog alitishia kushtaki dhidi ya mpango wa bar na 'punk' kwa jina	"BrewDog ilitishia hatua ya kisheria kuzuia kizuizi kutumia ""punk"" kwa jina lake imeibuka siku baada ya mhalifu huyo kulaumiwa ""wanasheria wa kufurahisha"" kwa mzozo kama huo uliosababisha kurudishwa kwa vyombo vya habari vya kijamii. Kampuni ya pombe ambayo imekuwa ukosoaji wa sauti ya tabia ya mashirika kubwa ilizua pingamizi kwa mipango ya mtangazaji wa muziki Tony Green kufungua bar katika Leeds inayoitwa Rasimu Punk. Green ambaye anasema jina hilo lilikuwa kumbukumbu ya ulimi kwa kicheza muziki wa densi wa Ufaransa Daft Punk alisema tishio hilo ""la kutisha"" lilipingana na roho ya harakati ya punk ambayo BrewDog inadai ya kuhusika."	Legit
Business	EU inapongeza Deutsche Boerse's Bilioni 14 za mauzo ya Soko la Hisa la London	"""Wadhibiti wa Jumuiya ya Ulaya walipiga makofi mipango iliyopangwa ya Deutsche Boerse AG ya kikundi cha London Stock Exchange Group Plc kukubalika kwa ishara juu ya unganisho la EU-Uingereza siku hiyo hiyo Uingereza rasmi inashughulikia taarifa ya uamuzi wake wa kuachana na EU. Mpango wa bilioni 14 wa kuunda kubadilishana kubwa Ulaya kukuza mashindano katika EU ya hivi karibuni kuwa ya nchi 27 kwa kupuuza ukiritimba wa kuondoa dhamana na makubaliano ya kukomboa tena Tume ya Ulaya ilisema katika taarifa iliyotumwa mnamo Jumatano .. Uamuzi huo uliopigwa alama mwezi uliopita na LSE unazuia upanuzi wa LSE Deutsche Boerse miaka mitano tu baada ya EU pia ilikubali makubaliano yaliyopendekezwa na NYSE Euronext. ""Tume inaruhusu mikataba hii, Margrethe Vestager, tume ya kutokukiritimba ya EU, aliwaambia waandishi wa habari huko Brussels. LSE haikuandaliwa ""kuuza kitengo kidogo ambacho kingeondoa mashaka ambayo kampuni iliyojumuishwa ingeweza kudhoofisha mpinzani wa Euronext NV. Wasanifu wa EU wamezidi kukubaliana na mikataba mikubwa inayohitaji makubaliano mazito ya kuondoa biashara iliyojaa wasiwasi huku kampuni iliyojumuika inaweza kutawala tasnia na ongezeko la bei. Wakati huu ni mara ya pili kwa Vestager kukubali rasmi kuunganishwa kwa shughuli kadhaa zimepigwa chini ya upinzani wa kutokukiritimba. """	Fake
Business	Uber kufunga utendaji wa Denmark juu ya sheria mpya za teksi	"Uber atafunga operesheni yake nchini Denmark mwezi ujao kufuatia kuanzishwa kwa sheria mpya za teksi kampuni hiyo imesema kuashiria kurudi nyuma kwa Uropa kwa huduma ya booking ya Amerika. Msemaji wa kampuni Kristian Agerbo alisema Jumanne Uber ""lazima ichukue matokeo"" ya sheria ambazo miongoni mwa mambo mengine zitahitaji cabs kuwekwa na sensorer za kukaa na mita za nauli.Uber inasimamisha meli za magari ya kujiendesha kufuatia ajali ya Arizona. Uber amekabiliwa na shida katika miji ikiwa ni pamoja na Madrid Frankfurt Paris na London na anasubiri uamuzi kutoka korti ya haki ya Ulaya ambayo inaweza kuamua jinsi inavyosimamiwa kwa bara: kama huduma ya uchukuzi au jukwaa la dijiti."	Legit
Business	Mashirika ya ndege ya Amerika hufunga ushirikiano na China Kusini	"Mashirika ya ndege ya Amerika na wabebaji wakubwa wa China na abiria China Kusini wamekubaliana ushirikiano wa kimkakati. Shirika la ndege la Merika litanunua hisa zenye thamani ya mil 200 (£ 159m) katika kampuni ya Wachina na hizo mbili ""zitatafuta kuongeza ushirikiano"". China Kusini ndio njia ya hivi karibuni ya mashirika ya juu ya ndege ya China kuleta mwekezaji kutoka nje ya Bara. Mpango huo unapaswa kutoa Airlines za Amerika uwezekano zaidi wa kugonga soko la ndege la China linalokua. Uchina ni moja wapo ya vyanzo vikubwa vya watalii kwenda Amerika na wabebaji wa Uchina kupanua vikali meli zao na sehemu za nchi za nje ili kuendana na ukuaji mkubwa wa idadi ya wasafiri."	Legit
Business	Rais Trump kwa amri ya utendaji aliimarisha hatua za usalama juu ya kampuni gani za habari za mtandao zinaweza kushiriki na vyombo vingine. Katika Nyumba hiyo, Wepemeni walipiga kura kudhibiti kabisa kile kinachoweza kugawanywa. Kampuni kama Verizon, Facebook, Google na zingine hazingeweza kushiriki habari kama vile kuangalia ins, nambari za usalama wa kijamii, historia ya kuvinjari kati ya umati uliotekelezwa. Pia imepiga marufuku kushiriki katika mkutano wa umma wa takwimu za matibabu kwenye tovuti kama Grinder, ambao huwauliza washiriki kuorodhesha ikiwa au wana VVU na Hep C. Habari hii haiorodheshwi tena, kwani inakiuka viwango vya HIPPA.	"Lee Se-dol ndiye bingwa wa ulimwengu katika mchezo ngumu zaidi wa bodi ulimwenguni, ""Nenda"". Siku ya Jumamosi, mpinzani mpya wa Se-dol alikuwa kompyuta ya Advancedmind ya Google ya Google, kompyuta ya juu zaidi ya akili ya bandia. Se-dol alishinda mashine hiyo baada ya mechi ya saa mbili. Mkurugenzi Mtendaji wa Google DeepMind Dennis Hassabis ametoa maoni baada ya kushindwa kwa AlphaGo. ""Tulikuja hapa tukitazamia supercomputer yetu ambayo inaweza kuhesabu mara nyingi kwa haraka basi mwanadamu yeyote angemshinda Lee kwa urahisi. Tulishangaa sana ushindi wa Lee. Inaonekana tuna njia ndefu ya kwenda kuiga maoni ya kibinadamu ambayo hakuna kompyuta ambayo bado imeweza kuiga. """	Fake
Business	EU Inazuia Deutsche Boerse's Bilioni 14 Kuchukua kwa Soko la Hisa la London	"Wadhibiti wa Jumuiya ya Ulaya walishughulikia pigo la mwisho kwa upangaji uliopangwa wa Deutsche Boerse AG wa London Stock Exchange Group Plc kizuizi cha mfano juu ya unganisho la EU-Uingereza siku hiyo hiyo Uingereza rasmi inashughulikia taarifa ya uamuzi wake wa kuacha EU. Mpango wa bilioni 14 wa kuunda ubadilishanaji mkubwa zaidi barani Ulaya ungekuwa umeathiri ushindani katika hivi karibuni kuwa nchi 27 za EU kwa kuunda ukiritimba wa dhamana ya kusafisha dhamana na makubaliano ya kukomboa tena Tume ya Ulaya ilisema katika taarifa ya barua pepe Jumatano. Uamuzi huo uliopigwa alama mwezi uliopita na LSE unazuia upanuzi wa Deutsche Boerse miaka mitano tu baada ya EU pia kupiga marufuku kufunga uhusiano na NYSE Euronext. ""Tume haiwezi kuruhusu uundaji wa watawa na kwamba ndivyo ingetokea katika kesi hii Margrethe Vestager, kamishna wa kutokukiritimba kwa EU, aliwaambia waandishi wa habari huko Brussels. LSE haikuandaliwa"" kuuza kitengo kidogo ambacho kingeondoa wasiwasi kwamba pamoja kampuni ingeweza kudhoofisha mpinzani Euronext NV. Wasanifu wa EU wamezidi kuwa mgumu kwa mikataba mikubwa inayohitaji makubaliano mazito ya kuondoa biashara zinazozunguka huku kukiwa na wasiwasi ambao kampuni ya pamoja inaweza kutawala tasnia na kuongeza bei. Wakati hii ni mara ya pili kwamba Vestager amezuia kiunganishi rasmi shughuli kadhaa zimepigwa chini ya upinzani wa kutokukiritimba."	Legit
Business	Bei ya dhahabu ilishuka leo, kulingana na Ronald-Peter Stoeferle anayesimamia mwenza wa ongezeko la AG. Soko likiwa limejaa, dhahabu inatarajiwa kuchukua wapige kubwa na kuanguka hadi 1500 aunzi. Katika kujaribu kuzuia kuzuka, wasimamizi wanaoongoza wanapanga kuuza dhahabu kwa bei ya chini kwenye mwamba wa ununuzi wa televisheni kama vile HSN, E-mzabibu, na kwa kweli QVC. Wapeanaji walio na mkopo au kadi ya mkopo wataweza kupiga simu na kununua dhahabu na aunzi kwa malipo rahisi 6 tu ya kila mwezi ya 19.99. Na mtu atakapopiga simu, watapata bure pia, kama tu unaweza kulipa usafirishaji na utunzaji wa 1999.	"Siku ya Jumanne, ujasusi wa Amerika na Briteni ulitaja akili kwamba waajiri wa ISIS wamefunzwa kufunga kompyuta za kompyuta za mbali na vidonge kwenye vifaa vya kulipuka kwa kutumia betri ya vifaa kama kichocheo cha kulipuka. Mlipuko mpya hauonekani kwa kutumia tahadhari za usalama mahali pa viwanja vya ndege vikubwa. Ujuzi unaonyesha vifaa vya kulipuka lazima viamilishwe kwa mikono wakati wa kukimbia. Akionyesha tishio hili kwa wasafiri wa anga, maafisa wa Amerika na Uingereza walitangaza Jumanne marufuku ya vifaa vya elektroniki kama vile kompyuta ndogo na vidonge kutoka kwa kubeba mizigo kwa ndege kutoka kwa mataifa yote. ""Marufuku hayo yatafanyika hadi tutafikiria jinsi ya kudhibiti mizigo vizuri"", Rais wa Rais Donald Trump alisema."	Fake
Business	Alex Jones akiomba msamaha kwa Kukuza 'Pizzagate' Hoax	"Alex Jones mtaalam maarufu wa njama na mwenyeji wa maarufu wa mrengo wa kulia wa mrengo wa kulia ameomba msamaha kwa kusaidia kueneza na kukuza ujanja unaojulikana kama Pizzagate. Kukubalika mnamo Ijumaa na Bwana Jones mwenyeji wa ""The Apple Jones Show"" na mwendeshaji wa tovuti ya infowars lilikuwa la kushangaza. Mbali na kukuza nadharia ya kula njama ya Pizzagate amesisitiza kwamba shambulio la Septemba 11 lilikuwa kazi za kutekelezwa na serikali ya Merika na kwamba shambulio la 2012 katika Sandy Hook Elementary School iliyopo Newtown Conn. Marekebisho ya Pili. Nadharia ya Pizzagate ambayo ilionekana bila ushahidi kuwa viongozi wa juu wa Kidemokrasia walihusika na pete ya ponografia ya watoto wa kishetani iliyozungukwa na Comet Ping Pong mkahawa wa pizza huko Washington DC ilikua katika vikao vya mtandaoni kabla ya kuelekea katika sehemu zinazoonekana zaidi ikiwa ni pamoja na onyesho la Mr. Jones. Na umaarufu wake baada ya uchaguzi ulilenga kuenea kwa habari za uwongo na za upotofu nyingi ilishtaki kisiasa ambayo ilizunguka kwenye majukwaa kama Facebook Twitter na YouTube."	Legit
Business	Mtendaji mkuu Alexandre de Juniac, wa Chama cha Kimataifa cha Usafiri wa Anga alisema kuwa baada ya kuwachunguza abiria na kupiga kura, kila mtu anaonekana kukubaliana kwamba marufuku ya laptops kwa utumiaji wa cabin ni ya kushangaza. Steve Harvey, ambaye aliteuliwa na IATA, alifanya uchunguzi na kukusanya intel. Vibebishaji vikubwa vya anga kama Delta, Pan Am, na kusini magharibi wameona mauzo ya tikiti yakiumiza hadi urefu mpya. Msemaji mmoja kila alisema kuwa watu walifurahi zaidi na waliripoti hali bora ya kukimbia na kwamba abiria wanahisi jamii zaidi juu ya uzoefu wao. Watu wanaonekana kujibu kuki na maziwa na katuni nzuri za zamani za sinema nyepesi. Kuki sasa kutumika kwa ndege kwa ndege zote za kimataifa zina edibles na wafanyakazi taarifa kwamba abiria wengi kula, kutazama katuni, na kisha kulala idadi kubwa ya ndege.	"Licha ya umaarufu wake kama mwigizaji, Emma Thompson hakuwahi kuhamia Los Angeles, ambapo wasomi wa Hollywood hufanya kazi na kununua nyumba za bei ghali katika jamii zenye gated. Kwa nini? Kwa sababu alihisi alikuwa mafuta sana. Wakati wa mahojiano kwenye runinga ya Uswidi, Thompson alisema: ""Ni mahali pa kushangaza, na sikuweza kuishi hapo."" Aliendelea kuelezea kuwa waigizaji wengi ni dawa ya kuumiza kutokana na wazalishaji kuwazunguka kila wakati kupunguza uzito. Wanawake wachanga watakuwa na takwimu nzuri, na wazalishaji bado watataka wapunguze uzito. Hawakula tu ili wapate kazi. Thompson alisema kuwa alitishia kuachia filamu Brideshead Revisited wakati nyota mwenza ameamriwa kupunguza uzito. Alisema kuwa wazalishaji wa mafuta yanayowaka sasa inaelekezwa hata kwa watoto na wavulana na wanaume hawana kinga. Sharing mafuta inaendelea hadi nyota ni katika 30s yao. Kufikia wakati huo wengi wamekua na shida za kula."	Fake
Business	Kuongeza nguvu: Qatar itawekeza bilioni nyingine Uingereza	"Jimbo lenye utajiri wa Ghuba tayari limewekeza karibu bilioni 40 (bilioni 50) huko Uingereza ambapo inamiliki safu ya mali ya nyara ikiwa ni pamoja na duka la idara ya Harrods na jengo la mrefu zaidi la Ulaya ya Shard. Waziri Mkuu Sheikh Abdullah bin Nasser Al Thani alisema Qatar itatumia kiasi kingine cha dola bilioni 5 (bilioni 6.3) katika kipindi cha miaka 3 hadi 5 juu ya mali isiyohamishika ya miundombinu ya nishati na sekta zingine. Habari zinakuja kama Waziri Mkuu Theresa May anajiandaa kuchochea mchakato rasmi wa kuondoka kwa EU Jumatano. ""Tunatafuta zaidi ya mipaka ya bara letu tukiwa tayari kukumbatia fursa zote za enzi hii mpya alisema Liam Fox, katibu wa serikali ya Uingereza kwa biashara ya kimataifa."	Legit
Business	BrewDog chini ya moto kwa tuhuma za kuhusika kwa canine katika mchakato wao wa pombe	"""BrewDog iligunduliwa hivi karibuni kuwa ni pamoja na mshono wa mbwa katika mchakato wao wa pombe. BrewDog inaripoti kwamba wamekuwa wakitumikia bia hiyo kwa wiki chache sasa na hawakuwa na malalamiko kutoka kwa wateja. BrewDog inasema mshono unasaidia kuvunja baadhi ya nafaka na anaongeza ""gome"" la ziada kwenye pombe ya mwisho. Tony Green, mmiliki wa baa ya rasimu ya Punk amewasilisha mashtaka dhidi ya kampuni hiyo akisisitiza kwamba wateja wanapaswa kujua kile kilicho ndani ya bia wanachokula. Green tangu aache kubeba bia ya BrewDog kutokana kwa habari hii ya hivi karibuni. BrewDog imekataa kutoa maoni yao juu ya kesi hiyo. """	Fake
Business	Benki za Uingereza zilisema hazijaandaa kwa Brexit	"Benki ya Uingereza imegundua kuwa benki za Uingereza haziko tayari kwa dhiki inayowezekana ya kujiondoa kutoka Jumuiya ya Ulaya. Benki ya Uingereza hapo awali iliuliza benki za Uingereza kuwasilisha mipango ya dharura kwa matokeo yote yanayowezekana yanayohusiana na Brexit. Mipango ya dharura ilifanywa upya na Benki ya England ili kujua hali ya utayari wa benki za Uingereza katika kushughulikia matokeo yanayowezekana ya Brexit. Kuna serikali ya Uingereza ya Uingereza imepanga kusababisha kifungu cha 50 na kuanza mazungumzo ya kuondoka kwa Uingereza kutoka EU. Mwenyekiti wa Benki ya Uingereza ametoa maoni, ""Tulipata benki nyingi za Uingereza ambazo tumechunguza kuwa na mtaji wa kutosha kushughulikia mikazo inayoweza kutokea wakati wa kujiondoa kwa Uingereza kutoka EU. Kwa hivyo tunapendekeza hizi benki huchukua hatua za kurekebisha kukwea mji mkuu kabla ya Brexit. "" Mabenki yana hadi miaka miwili ya kushikilia mtungi wa mji mkuu kabla ya athari kamili ya Brexit kuhisi."	Fake
Business	Kuchukua Robots juu ya Dunia	Robots ni kuchukua polepole juu ya nguvu kazi ya ulimwengu. Wafanyikazi zaidi ya milioni 20 nchini Uingereza wamepoteza kazi zao kwa ulimwengu wa roboti. Firm PwC ya ushauri imegundua kuwa zaidi ya 50% ya kampuni tayari zimeanza kutumia maendeleo ya kiteknolojia ya akili ya bandia (AI) kuchukua nafasi za kazi alizopewa raia wa kila siku. Wafanyikazi wa zamani wa kampuni hizi wamepotea kabisa. Wamepoteza kazi zao kwenye tasnia ya roboti na wameona ni ngumu kupata kazi mbadala mahali pengine. Kampuni zinaamini kuwa roboti za AI zinaongeza tija katika tasnia zao na ni uingizwaji mzuri kwa wafanyikazi ambao hapo awali waliajiriwa kwa kazi za ustadi wa chini. PwC anasema huu ni mwanzo tu wa kuingizwa kwa AI katika jamii. Hivi sasa, ajira milioni 3 kwa jumla na kuuza, ambayo wakati mmoja iliajiri watu wengi nchini Uingereza, tayari imebadilishwa na AI. Ifuatayo, wataanza kuingiza AI katika utengenezaji kisha huduma za utawala na msaada. Hivi karibuni, kampuni zitakuwa zikitumia AI kwa 95% ya kazi ndani ya kampuni yao. Kuwaokoa mamilioni na mamilioni ya dola wangeweza kulipa kwa wafanyikazi wao.	Fake
Business	KIWANGO CHA BRITON STOCK KIUNGO	Wakati benki zinaondoka London, wengi wanahamia Frankfurt. Wengi wanataja gharama za chini. Goldman Sachs ni kati ya wale wanaoondoka. Wawekezaji wana wasiwasi kuwa uhamiaji huu mwingi mbali na London utasababisha soko la hisa kuporomoka. Kwa kuongezea inatarajiwa kuwa sarafu ya Uingereza itapungua sana na viwango vya juu vya riba. Kiwango cha ukosefu wa ajira katika London inatarajiwa kufikia wakati wote juu bila mwisho mbele. Jumuiya ya Ulaya inauliza kwamba Uingereza inafikiria tena ni uamuzi wa kuacha muungano.	Fake
Business	Tencent ya China hununua hisa 5% huko Tesla	Tencent mkuu wa teknolojia ya Uchina ametumia 1.78bn (pauni 1.4bn) kununua hisa ya 5% katika gari la umeme Tesla. Tencent inayojulikana kwa programu yake ya rununu ya WeChat imekuwa ikiwekeza katika sekta kadhaa ikiwa ni pamoja na kompyuta ya wingu ya entmt wingu na ufadhili wa mkondoni. Tesla alisema kuwa mti huo ulikuwa wa maana maana Tencent asingeweza kusema kwa jinsi kampuni ya Amerika iliendeshwa. Hisa huko Tesla ziliongezeka 2.3% katika biashara ya mapema kufuatia tangazo. Magari ya umeme ya Tesla yamejumuisha Model S na Roadster ambayo iliagizwa kama gari la kwanza la michezo ya umeme duniani. Kampuni pia inataalam katika uhifadhi wa betri na kupitia paneli zake za solarCity ndogo za makazi ya jua.	Legit
Business	Mazungumzo ya Brexit yanaona mafanikio: José Manuel Barroso	"""Mazungumzo tunakwenda makubwa kulingana na Kamishna wa Uropa Jose Manual Barroso. Isipokuwa Uingereza na Jumuiya ya Ulaya mabadiliko kabisa ya pembe katika mazungumzo yanayokuja, mazungumzo yatatoka kwa mafanikio makubwa zaidi. Theresa May amearifu rasmi Brussels kuhusu nia ya Uingereza kukaa EU. Theresa alisema kwamba mpango huu ndio mpango bora ambao ungewezekana kujadiliwa. """	Fake
Business	Spat ya Nguvu ya Ujerumani Pamoja na Gesi za Denmark Zisizohamishika	"""Shambulio la muda mrefu kati ya Denmark na Ujerumani juu ya nyaya za umeme zinazounganisha nchi zimeboresha kiwango cha wazalishaji wa umeme wa Nordic wanaweza kusambaza katika soko kubwa la Ulaya kwa kiwango kikubwa zaidi katika miaka 17. Ujerumani iliboresha uwezo wa uagizaji kutoka kwa Bara Bara kwa asilimia 89 kwa wastani Mwaka jana soko la nguvu kati ya mataifa lilianza mnamo 2010. Ni matokeo ya Kansela wa zamani wa Merkel wa Chancellor kutoroka kwa upepo na nguvu ya jua kunamaanisha kuongezeka kwa uzalishaji wa nishati mbadala na kuifanya iwe rahisi kwa gridi ya taifa kushughulikia umeme wake na uagizaji. Mzozo huo unaonyesha mabadiliko katika azma ya Umoja wa Ulaya ya kuvunja vizuizi vya kitaifa kwa nguvu ya kuongeza usalama wa nishati na kupunguza gharama kupitia biashara zaidi ya mpaka. Mazungumzo kati ya Ujerumani na Denmark yamefanikiwa sana kutokana na mkutano wao wa hivi karibuni juu ya suala hilo. huko Berlin wiki iliyopita. """	Fake
Business	Rasisha Nafta? Wa Mexico wanasema Sawa Na	Kwa zaidi ya miongo miwili biashara ya bure imekuwa moyoni mwa uhusiano wa Mexico na Amerika kuwajibika kwa kusukuma mkondo wa vifaa vya sauti ya gari na avocados kaskazini na bei nafuu ya ng'ombe wa mahindi na programu ya kusini. Kwa viongozi wa taifa hilo ilikuwa muhimu sana kuwa haiwezi kujadiliwa. Angalau mpaka Rais Trump aje kuahidi kuongeza karibu bilioni 500 katika biashara ya kila mwaka kati ya nchi hizo mbili ikiwa haiwezi kujengwa tena kwa faida ya Amerika. Sasa viongozi wa Mexico wanayo kipaumbele kipya: wakiwasihi wenzao wa Amerika kuharakisha na kuendelea nayo. Wakati biashara ya bure kwa muda mrefu imekuwa nakala ya imani huko Mexico kutokuwa na hakika juu ya hatima ya Mkataba wa Biashara Huria ya Amerika Kaskazini ni kuipiga nchi ngumu.	Legit
Business	Faida za Fargo Fargo zilizopigwa na gharama za kisheria	Benki ya Wells Fargo ya Amerika imeripoti kuanguka kwa faida ya robo mwaka baada ya kuweka kando fedha kwa gharama zinazowezekana zinazohusiana na kashfa ya akaunti yake bandia. Faida ya robo ya tatu ilishuka 2% hadi 5.64bn (£ 4.6bn) kutoka 5.8bn mwaka uliopita. Kashfa hiyo iliona wafanyikazi wa benki wakifungua akaunti milioni mbili bila ujuzi wa wateja au ruhusa ili kufikia malengo ya uuzaji mkali. Mnamo Septemba benki hiyo ililipiwa faini ya 185m kwa akaunti zisizo halali na wiki hii bosi wa Wells Fargo John Stumpf alijiuzulu. Wells Fargo amewafukuza kazi wafanyikazi wapatao 5 300 kuhusiana na kashfa hiyo. Benki ambayo inakabiliwa na uchunguzi wa shirikisho na serikali ilisema gharama ziliongezeka kwa sababu ya gharama zinazotarajiwa za madai. Gharama za robo tatu zimeongezeka hadi 13.3bn kutoka 12.9bn katika robo iliyopita.	Legit
Business	Ford kuwekeza 1.2bn katika mimea ya Michigan	"Ford imesema itatumia 1.2bn (£ 1bn) kama sehemu ya usanifu uliopangwa wa mimea mitatu ya Michigan. Ilisema 850m itatumika kumaliza ujenzi wa kiwanda chake huko Wayne ambapo Ford inapanga kujenga mifano ya Bronco na Ranger. Kwa kuongezea Ford itaunda kazi 130 kwenye mmea wake wa injini za Romeo ilisema katika taarifa. Mnamo Januari mkuu wa gari la Merika alisema atafuta mmea wa 1.6bn ambao walikuwa wamepanga kujenga huko Mexico. Rais wa Amerika, Donald Trump ambaye aliweka shinikizo kwa Ford juu ya uwekezaji wake uliopangwa wa Mexico hapo mapema Jumanne: ""Tangazo kubwa na Ford leo. Uwekezaji mkubwa unapaswa kufanywa katika mimea mitatu ya Michigan. Kampuni za gari zinarudi Amerika. JOBS JOBS JOBS"" Uwekezaji wa Ford wa Amerika tangazo linaambatana na makubaliano ya awali yaliyofikiwa na umoja wa Wafanyikazi wa Auto Auto."	Legit
Business	Mfuko wa Hedge utekeleze ambao kampuni yake ya zamani iliunganishwa na Madoff anaruka hadi kifo chake	"Charles Murphy alikutwa amekufa kwenye mtaro wa sakafu ya nne ya hoteli ya Sofitel Jumatatu kulingana na chanzo cha polisi. ""Tunasikitishwa sana na habari hii ilisema John Paulson, rais wa Paulson Co, mfuko tofauti wa ua ambapo Murphy alifanya kazi wakati wa kifo chake. Charles alikuwa mtu mwenye vipawa sana na hodari rafiki mkubwa na rafiki wa kweli."" Murphy aliwahi kufanya kazi kwa Fairfield Greenwich ambayo imewekeza karibu bilioni 7 na Madoff na baadaye alishtakiwa na wawekezaji ambao walipoteza pesa. Mfuko ulikubali makazi ya milioni 80. Madoff alikamatwa mnamo Desemba 2008 kwa kuendesha mpango mkubwa zaidi wa Ponzi na kuwanyanyasa wawekezaji wa bilioni 20. Alikiri mashtaka ya udanganyifu. Sasa 78 anatumikia miaka 150 katika gereza la serikali huko North Carolina."	Legit
Business	Raia wa EU Aadhibu Brits kwa Brexit	"Migahawa inalazimishwa kufanya watoto wa umri mdogo wa shule kufanya kazi katika tasnia yao. ""Migahawa hiyo haina chaguo."", Alisema Pret, meneja katika duka la sandwich ya Uingereza. Kwa kuwa maafisa wa EU wanakataa kufanya biashara tangu machafuko, na mataifa machache yanatumwa, wafanyikazi wenye ujuzi duni wanakuwa uhaba. Migahawa imeamua kulazimisha, karibu wanafunzi 500, wafanye kazi bure, na kuahidi taaluma katika siku zijazo. Huu ni jumla ya utumwa wa tabaka la kati na wanadanganywa kwa kufikiria hii ni elimu. Wanasheria wanaangalia hii na kesi za kisheria kutoka kwa wazazi tayari zinajitokeza."	Fake
Business	Westinghouse Electric Bado Inakwenda Pamoja Pamoja na Uvumi wa Kufilisika	Westinghouse Electric ndio inayoongoza mbele katika shughuli za nyuklia licha ya uvumi wa kufilisika. Vyanzo huko Toshiba (TOSBF) vimesema uhusiano wao na kampuni ya kihistoria bado unaendelea kuwa thabiti. Westinginghouse Electric itabaki chini ya udhibiti wa TOSBF na kuendelea kuwaunga mkono kifedha. Watu wengi hawatambui Westinghouse ni maarufu kwa George Westinghouse. Bwana Westinghouse alikuwa mzulia uvumbuzi mwishoni mwa karne ya 20. Uvumbuzi wake wa breki za hewa uliboresha sana usalama wa usafiri wa treni. Uvumbuzi wake bado ni sehemu muhimu ya shughuli katika kampuni nzima.	Fake
Business	Nyumba ilipiga kura ya kufuta usalama wa faragha wa mtandao wa FCC	Congress ilituma sheria zilizopendekezwa kwa Rais Trump mnamo Jumanne ambazo zinafuta usalama wa faragha mkondoni salvo ya kwanza katika kile kinachoweza kuwa mabadiliko makubwa ya sheria zinazosimamia ufikiaji wa mtandao katika enzi ya utawala wa Republican. Katika kura ya mstari wa chama Baraza la Republican liliwachilia watoa huduma za mtandao kama vile Verizon ATT na Comcast ya ulinzi uliopitishwa mwaka jana ambao walitaka kuweka kikomo ni kampuni gani zinaweza kufanya na habari kama vile kuvinjari kwa mteja wa kuvinjari duka la data ya eneo la mahali na nambari za Usalama wa Jamii. Sheria hizo pia zilihitaji watoa huduma kuimarisha usalama wa data ya mteja dhidi ya watapeli na wezi.	Legit
Business	Uswidi Alitahadharisha Kurudi kwa Ushuru wa Chini-Asili 50 kama Familia Inavyoendelea	"""Uswidi haifai kurudi kwenye ushuru wa chini wa miaka ya 1950 na 1960. Onyo hilo linatokana na mgombea wa urais wa Uswidi wa kulia kwa kuwa serikali inayoongozwa na Jamii ya Kidemokrasia imekuwa ikipunguza ushuru kwa mashirika wakati ikifunga faida ya kustaafu."" Ushuru mdogo ungezidi sana njaa ya kikatili inayoikabili Ujerumani hivi sasa ""Mjini Hansson Bruswtiz, mkurugenzi mkuu katika Taasisi ya Kitaifa ya Utafiti wa Uchumi, aliliambia gazeti la hapa katika mahojiano Jumatano. Kama kodi ikirudi kwa viwango vyao vya chini vya kihistoria itakuwa shida kubwa kwa usalama wa chakula nchini Uswidi ."	Fake
Business	Sweden Ilitahadharishwa Kurudi kwa Ushuru wa Juu kama 70s kama Mapato Yaliyopigwa Sawa	"Usirudi Sweden kwa ushuru mkubwa wa miaka ya 1970 na 1980. Onyo hilo linatokana na tank ya kufikiria uchumi iliyofadhiliwa na serikali ya Uswidi kwani serikali inayoongozwa na Kidemokrasia ya Jamii imekuwa ikikusanya ushuru kwa wafanyikazi wakati wa kupanga kupunguza ushuru kwa wastaafu na wale wanaokusanya faida. ""Kuna athari kubwa haswa angalau katika muda mrefu wa mapato ya hali ya juu na kiwango cha chini cha ushuru Mjini Hansson Brusewitz, mkurugenzi mkuu katika Taasisi ya Kitaifa ya Utafiti wa Uchumi, alisema katika mahojiano Jumanne huko Stockholm. Je! Mambo yataongoza katika hii? mwelekeo mrefu sana itakuwa hatari kwa Uswidi. """	Legit
Business	"""Tesco haitalipa pesa zozote za kumaliza uchunguzi wa Ofisi ya Siri ya Ulaghai na Uendeshaji wa Fedha kwa kashfa ya uhasibu ya mwaka 2014 ambayo iligusa muuzaji mkubwa wa Uingereza. Italipa pauni 0.00 kama sehemu ya makubaliano ya mashtaka yaliyofungiwa (DPA) na SFO kama mpango huu hauitaji idhini ya korti.DPA inahusiana na kampuni ya Tesco Stores Ltd. Kampuni ya maduka makubwa haijakubaliana na FCA kulipa fidia yoyote kwa wawekezaji walioathiriwa na taarifa ya biashara ya tarehe 29 Agosti 2014 ambayo ilisema faida kubwa. kutolipa gharama za kisheria zinazohusiana na makubaliano na akasema jumla ya malipo yanatarajiwa kuwa $ 0.00. """	Sheria za CC hufanya matumizi ya teknolojia kusaidia mamilioni ya watu kufurahiya televisheni na aina zingine za media. Shukrani kwa teknolojia ya kujifunza mashine ya Google, wafungwa wataweza kutumia teknolojia hizi .. YouTube imetumia programu ya kusema-maandishi itatumika katika magereza kadhaa nchini kote. Kusikia wafungwa wasio na nguvu wanafurahi kusikia teknolojia za CC zinatekelezwa, lakini walipa kodi wengi wanapingana na wazo hilo.	Fake
Business	Dhahabu Iliyowekwa hadi 1	"500 kama Mfumuko wa bei hufanya Mfululizo ""Dhahabu imekusanywa kufikia viwango vilivyoonekana miaka minne iliyopita kama mfumuko wa bei unavyoongezeka na viwango vya riba hasi vinavyochanganyika kuongeza mahitaji kulingana na Ongezeko la AG linalosema kuwa chuma hicho cha thamani kinaweza kuwa katika hatua za mwanzo za ng'ombe. Bei inaweza kupanda hadi 1 400 hadi 1 500 aunzi mwaka huu ilisema Ronald-Peter Stoeferle mshirika anayesimamia kampuni ya Liechtenstein ambayo inasimamia Frances milioni 100 za Uswisi (milioni 101.5). Spoti ya Spoti - ambayo ilikuwa 1 249 Jumatano. - ilisafirishwa mwisho saa 1 400 mnamo Septemba 2013."	Legit
Business	Kwa nini Silicon Valley haigombani kuokoa mtandao (bado)	"Tulidhani hatutawahi kuiondoa tena mjumbe mmoja wa kikundi cha wanaharakati wa kuimba alisema kwenye mkutano wa tasnia ya teknolojia dhidi ya Rais Trump huko San Francisco mapema mwezi huu. Halafu wale Grannies walizindua katika wimbo wao wa maandamano: Sema kwa Comcast kwa Verizon na kwa ATT: Mikono imewashwa mtandaoni lazima iwe huru. ""Chant alisimama kwenye maandamano hayo wakati mkutano huo ulilenga zaidi mapigano ya Silicon Valley na Trump juu ya marufuku ya kusafiri. Pia inasimama kama moja wapo ya muda mfupi tangu kuanzishwa kwa Trump wakati kutokubalika kwa upande wowote katika eneo la Silicon Valley. Sheria za kutokubalika kwa wahusika zilizopitishwa na Tume ya Mawasiliano ya Shirikisho mnamo mwaka 2015 zinakusudiwa kuweka mtandao wazi na haki. Sheria hizo zinazuia mtandao watoa huduma kutoka kucheza vipendeleo kwa kuharakisha kwa makusudi au kupunguza trafiki kutoka kwa wavuti maalum na programu."	Legit
Business	Macron na Le Pen Spar	"Kutarajia Ushindi wa Uchaguzi wa Ufaransa ""Kwa zaidi ya wiki tatu bado kabla ya duru ya kwanza ya kupiga kura Marine Le Pen na Emmanuel Macron tayari wanafanya kampeni kama ndio wagombea pekee waliobaki katika mbio za kuwa rais ujao wa Ufaransa. Na kura za hivi karibuni zikipendekeza -euro Le Pen na mtunzi wa Macron ni zaidi ya alama tano mbele ya mpinzani wao wa karibu kwa mechi hizo mbili mnamo Mei 7 wakimbiaji wa mbele walifanya biashara ya baa mwishoni mwa juma wakati wagombeaji wengine waliingia nyuma. Macron aliita Le Pen a ""mwongo"" juu ya ahadi ya kuondoa uhamiaji wakati raia huyo alionyesha mpinzani wake kama punda wa wasomi wa Ufaransa .. Kwenye redio ya 1 ya Uropa Jumatatu alisema yuko laini juu ya uhamiaji."	Legit
Business	"Ford amelazimishwa na Donald Trump kutoka nje ya mipango ya kujenga mmea mpya huko Mexico ambao ungetoa mamia ya ajira na kupunguza ugumu katika mji mdogo wa Mexico. Shinikizo kutoka kwa rais huyo mpya linamaanisha kwamba Ford sasa badala yake ataboresha mimea mitatu huko Michigan, na kutengeneza ajira 130. Msemaji wa Ford aliyechanganyikiwa wazi alisema kampuni hiyo itakuwa inaajiri wahamiaji wengi wa Mexico katika kuongezeka kwa nguvu ya wafanyikazi kujaribu na kurekebisha kutokuwa sawa kwa kufuta mipango yao huko Mexico. Donald Trump aliyefurahi alitoa toni ya uso wenye tabasamu na ""mimi ni mshindi"" wakati habari hiyo ilipotangazwa."	Soko la Hisa la London limeshuka mpango wake wa kuungana na Deutshe Boerse. LSE ilisema mapema wiki hii kwamba mpango huo ulikuwa mpango wa karibu, na walikuwa wakichukua hatua za mwisho kupata kibali cha Tume ya Uropa. Tume imeitaka LSE kuweka ni asilimia 70% katika mfumo wa mapato ya kudumu ya mapato ya MTS. LSE inafurahi sana juu ya ombi hili. Wanaamini itasaidia kupungua kwa faida iliyoripotiwa kwa mwaka wa 2016. LSE ilisema faida yao imepungua kutoka 623.1m hadi 516.4m katika mwaka uliopita. Wanatarajia kumaliza kuunganishwa kwa wiki kadhaa zijazo na mara baada ya kuona faida zao zinaanza kuongezeka.	Fake
Business	Saudi Arabia iliongezea viwango vya ushuru	"""Saudi Arabia imesababisha msukosuko mkubwa kwa kuongeza kiwango cha ushuru kwenye kampuni ya kitaifa ya mafuta, Saudi Aramco, mafuta kutoka asilimia 50 hadi asilimia 75. Saudi Arabia imehakikishia kuwa hii ndio njia pekee ambayo wanaweza kuvunja hata kwa kuongezeka kwa kuzorota kwa kifedha. hiyo inakaribia nchi.Ukuongezaji mkubwa wa ushuru kumeibua wasiwasi mkubwa juu ya jinsi ufalme unavyoweza kushughulikia fedha zao .. Saudi Arabia imesema kwamba waliongezea ushuru kwa Saudi Aramco ili kutoa pesa zaidi wakati huo huo mapato ya mafuta yaliporomoka. shimo kwenye bajeti yao. """	Fake
Business	Nyumba hutuma muswada wa kurudisha nyuma usalama wa faragha wa mtandao kwa Trump	Congress ilituma sheria zilizopendekezwa kwa Rais Trump mnamo Jumanne ambazo zinafuta usalama wa faragha mkondoni salvo ya kwanza katika kile kinachoweza kuwa mabadiliko makubwa ya sheria zinazosimamia ufikiaji wa mtandao katika enzi ya utawala wa Republican. Katika kura ya mstari wa chama Baraza la Republican liliwachilia watoa huduma za mtandao kama vile Verizon ATT na Comcast kutoka kwa vikwazo vilivyoidhinishwa mwaka jana ambavyo vilikuwa vimetafuta kuweka kikomo ni kampuni gani zinaweza kufanya na habari kama vile tabia ya kuvinjari ya mteja wa programu ya historia ya eneo na nambari za Usalama wa Jamii. Sheria hizo pia zilitaka watoa huduma kuimarisha usalama wa data ya mteja dhidi ya watapeli na wezi.	Legit
Business	Spat ya Nguvu ya Ujerumani Pamoja na Denmark Inashikilia Biashara Moja ya Soko	Shambulio la muda mrefu kati ya Denmark na Ujerumani juu ya nyaya za umeme zinazounganisha nchi zimekata kiwango cha wazalishaji wa umeme wa Nordic wanaweza kusambaza katika soko kubwa zaidi Ulaya kwa kiwango cha chini zaidi katika miaka 17. Ujerumani ilikata uwezo wa kuagiza kutoka Bara Bara kwa asilimia 89 kwa wastani mwaka jana zaidi tangu soko la nguvu kati ya mataifa lilipoanza mnamo 2000. Ni matokeo ya Energiewende ya Chancellor Angela Merkel: mabadiliko ya upepo na nguvu ya jua inamaanisha kuongezeka kwa uzalishaji wa nishati mbadala. kufanya iwe ngumu kwa gridi za taifa kushughulikia umeme wake isipokuwa uagizaji. Mzozo huo unadhoofisha azma ya Umoja wa Ulaya ya kuvunja vizuizi vya kitaifa kwa nguvu ya kuongeza usalama wa nishati na kupunguza gharama kupitia biashara zaidi ya mipakani. Mazungumzo kati ya Ujerumani na Denmark yamezunguka na hakuna azimio la kujitokeza kutoka kwa mkutano wao wa hivi karibuni juu ya suala hilo huko Berlin wiki iliyopita.	Legit
Business	Mazungumzo ya Brexit yatashindwa bila maelewano: José Manuel Barroso	"Mazungumzo ya Brexit yatafanikiwa isipokuwa Uingereza na Jumuiya ya Ulaya zitashinda mshindi wao wa mazungumzo yote ambayo rais wa zamani wa tume ya Uropa José Manuel Barroso alisema. Ikiwa na siku chache tu kabla ya Theresa May aarifu rasmi Brussels ya nia ya Uingereza ya kumwacha mtangulizi wa EU Jean-Claude Juncker alisema pande hizo mbili zilicheza mchezo hatari. Waziri mkuu wa Uingereza amesema anaamini ""hakuna mpango ni bora kuliko mpango mbaya"" na baadhi ya baraza lake la mawaziri wamezungumza waziwazi matarajio ya kuondoka kwenye meza ya mazungumzo."	Legit
Business	Benki za Uingereza ziliuliza kuteka mipango ya kuonyesha kuwa wamejiandaa kwa Brexit	"Benki ya Uingereza imeuliza benki za bima za Uingereza na taasisi zingine za kifedha kuandaa mipango kamili ya jinsi watakavyoshughulikia kuondoka kwa Briteni kutoka Jumuiya ya Ulaya na itawachunguza kwa ukaribu. Siku mbili kabla ya serikali ya Theresa May kupanga kupanga kifungu cha 50 na kuanza miaka miwili ya mazungumzo juu ya kuondoka kwa Uingereza Benki ilisema taasisi za Jiji italazimika kutoa nakala za mipango ya dharura ya kuwahakikishia wasimamizi kuwa walikuwa tayari kwa ""anuwai ya matokeo iwezekanavyo"". Kamati ya sera ya kifedha ya Benki ya (FPC) ilisema baada ya mkutano wake wa robo ya mwisho: ""Hatari kwa utulivu wa kifedha zitasababishwa na utaratibu wa marekebisho ya uhusiano mpya kati ya Uingereza na EU. FPC itasimamia mipango ya dharura ya kupunguza hatari kwa kifedha. Utaratibu unapoendelea."	Legit
Business	Mashirika ya ndege ya Amerika hupata ndege za zamani kutoka China Kusini kuruka nyumbani	"""Airlines ya Amerika imekubali kununua dereva mkubwa wa China 'Boeing 747 itumike majumbani hususan katika mkoa wa Karibea. Ndege ya Amerika itanunua ndege 50 za ndege ambazo zina thamani ya 20m .. China Kusini ndio ndege ya juu ya China ya kuleta mwekezaji. kutoka nje ya Bara. Mpango huo unapaswa kutoa fursa za mashirika ya ndege ya Amerika kupunguza gharama na kuunda njia zaidi kwa watu wanaosafiri kwenda na kutoka Flo Rida .. China ndio moja wapo ya chanzo kubwa la ndege zinazotumiwa kwa Merika kwani wachukuzi wa China wanapanua vikali meli zao na maeneo mbalimbali ya nje ya nchi ili kuendana na ukuaji mkubwa wa idadi ya wasafiri. """	Fake
Business	Jumba la Toshiba Westinghouse linaunda soko la ajira kwa raia wa Amerika	"Na Trump akiahidi kurudisha kazi Amerika, Toshiba's Westinghouse inaonyesha jinsi anafanya hivyo na miradi yao ya kitengo cha nyuklia cha Merikani iliyoko Georgia na Amerika Kusini. Kampuni ya mzazi yenye msingi wa Kijapani inafurahi kuona faida yao kutoka kwa vitengo vya Amerika inazidi dola bilioni 9.1 za Amerika kwa miaka 4 ijayo wakati wa kuajiri wafanyikazi zaidi ya 1000; kama Clinton alikuwa ameshinda urais sera yake ingemfanya mmea huo kutoa faili za ulinzi wa kufilisika. Westinghouse pia ina operesheni ya Uingereza ambayo pia inaongeza shukrani kwa ""Brexit""."	Fake
Business	Mkurugenzi Mtendaji wa Amazon Anaongozwa na Mwezi	Jeff Bezos alithibitisha Ijumaa kuwa atakua kwenye ujumbe wa kwanza kufadhiliwa na amazon wa Amazon kwa mwezi. Je! Unaweza kuamini Ana wasiwasi kidogo juu ya kuwaacha watoto wake na mke nyumbani wakati anasafiri katika nafasi, lakini hakuweza kupinga fursa ya kuwa mtu wa kwanza kuagiza kitu kutumia Amazon Prime wakati akiwa kwenye mwezi.	Fake
Business	Uuzaji wa rejareja wa Uingereza mbali na hofu ya Brexit na kupanda kwa Februari	Wauzaji wa Uingereza walipokea pumzi kutoka kwa mkondo wa kupoteza miezi miwili wakati wa kutumia katika maduka makubwa ya barabarani na kulipwa mkondoni mnamo mwezi wa Februari. Ofisi ya Takwimu za Kitaifa ilisema jumla ya mauzo ya rejareja yaliongezeka kwa 1.4% mnamo Januari na 3.7% ya juu kuliko Februari 2016. Sterling iliongezeka kwenye soko la fedha baada ya habari ya kupanda kutangazwa lakini wanahabari walisema kwamba kurudi nyuma kumeshindwa kupakua wote ardhi ilipotea mnamo Desemba na Januari. Ilibainika kuwa matumizi yalikuwa yamepunguzwa na bei ya juu ya petroli. Katika miezi mitatu hadi Februari - ilizingatiwa mwongozo bora kwa mwenendo wa msingi kuliko takwimu ya kila mwezi pekee - mauzo yalikuwa chini ya 1.4% kuliko robo kumalizika Novemba.	Legit
Business	Habari ya Kuvunja: Snapchat kununua Twitter kwa bilioni 255	Yahoo na AOL zinaweza kuwa maarufu sana katika muongo mmoja ujao na mapato yanatarajiwa kuongezeka mnamo 2020. Utabiri huu unatokana na watangazaji ambao wanawalenga watazamaji wachanga. Nusu ya watumiaji ni chini ya umri wa miaka 30 ikilinganishwa na facebook na google ambayo inashughulikia soko la zamani, kulingana na uchambuzi wa hivi karibuni wa Washington Post. Facebook na google zitapingwa. Tabia za sasa za utangazaji zimepokea kukosolewa sana, makubwa ya wavuti sasa wanashikilia hisa ya 50% katika soko la matangazo ya ulimwenguni na kwa sasa wanaona kupungua kwa watumiaji wao.	Fake
Business	DALILI YA BIG DATA	Serikali na Bonde la Silicon wanatafuta kutufanya watumwa. Kampuni kama Mint na Uboreshaji ziko juu yake kwa, kwa kweli ni ncha ya barafu.	Fake
Business	Bonde la Silicon Inapambana Kuzuia Mtandao	Kwenye mkutano wa Trump viongozi wa tasnia ya Comcast kwenda Verizon na kwa ATT walitangaza kwamba watapiga marufuku kwa pamoja kufunga kabisa mtandao kwa msaada wa Trump. Silicon Valley imetangaza kwamba wimbi la msaada wa Trump linapaswa kuunda mtandao wao wenyewe na kujenga ukuta kuzunguka hilo. Tume ya Mawasiliano ya Shirikisho pia inasaidia mkono wazo la kuruhusu ruhusa zisizo za Trump kutumia mtandao katika siku zijazo. Sheria zimekuwa za kunyakua na viongozi wanatoa madai ambayo yanaeleweka kwa watu wengi na wana msaada mkubwa kutoka kwa umma. Upendeleo nchini unahitaji kupatanishwa na unaanza huko Silicon Valley California.	Fake
Business	Mamilioni ya wafanyikazi wa UK walio katika hatari ya kubadilishwa na roboti	"Utafiti unasema ""Zaidi ya milioni 10 ya wafanyikazi wa Uingereza wako katika hatari kubwa ya kubadilishwa na roboti ndani ya miaka 15 kwani shughuli za kawaida zinakusanya kasi katika umri wa mashine mpya. Ripoti ya kampuni ya ushauri PwC iligundua kuwa 30% ya ajira huko Uingereza uwezekano wa kuwa chini ya tishio kutoka kwa mafanikio katika akili ya bandia (AI). Katika sekta zingine nusu ya kazi zinaweza kwenda.Ripoti ilitabiri kuwa automatisering ingeongeza tija na kuunda fursa mpya za kazi lakini ilisema hatua inahitajika kuzuia kuongezeka kwa usawa ambao utasababisha kutoka kwa roboti zinazidi kutumiwa kwa kazi za ustadi mdogo. PwC alisema ajira milioni 2.25 zilikuwa hatarini kwa jumla na kuuza - sekta ambayo inaajiri watu wengi nchini Uingereza - na milioni 1.2 walikuwa chini ya tishio katika utengenezaji wa milioni 1.1 katika huduma za kiutawala na msaada. na 950,000 katika usafirishaji na uhifadhi."	Legit
Business	Nyumba hutuma muswada wa kurudisha nyuma kinga za ponografia ya mtandao kwa Trump	Sheria iliyotungwa mwaka jana tu ili kulinda pornografia ya mtandaoni itahamishwa ikiwa Rais Trump atakubali mswada uliotumwa kwake na Congress mnamo Jumanne. Hii inaweza kuonyesha mwelekeo kuelekea vizuizi vikali kwenye tasnia ya ponografia ya mtandao wakati wa kutawala kwa Republican huko Washington, DC Kura ya uchaguzi ya chama inaruhusu watoa huduma wa mtandao kuzuia tovuti fulani za uchi na kukusanya na kuuza nambari za Usalama wa Jamii za wateja wanaojaribu fikia tovuti hizi. Tabia za kuvinjari za wateja zinaweza kuuzwa chini ya sheria mpya bila maarifa au idhini ya wateja, na majaribio yao ya kutembelea tovuti za ponografia, zilizofanikiwa au la, zitaandikwa katika rekodi zao za kudumu na nambari ya Usalama wa Jamii.	Fake
Business	Soko la hisa la London-Uuzaji wa hisa wa London uliyazuiwa na EU	"Mdhibiti wa EU amezuia kuunganishwa kwa hisa ya hisa ya London 21bn na mauzo ya hisa ya Ujerumani Deutsche Boerse. Tume ya Ulaya ilisema mpango huo ungeunda ""ukiritimba"" kwa huduma fulani za kifedha. Ujumuishaji huo ungeunganisha pamoja waendeshaji wakuu wa hisa wa Ulaya wawili. Kundi la Soko la Hisa la London lilisema ""inajuta"" uamuzi wa tume hiyo kwani mpango huo ungeunda kampuni ya ""inayoongoza"" katika masoko ya kifedha. Ilionya mwezi uliopita kwamba mpango huo haukuwezekana kupokea idhini ya EU juu ya wasiwasi kwamba itazuia mashindano. Kampuni ambayo inafanya kazi Uingereza na Uuzaji wa hisa za Italia zilitoa kuuza nyumba yake ya kusafisha makao ya Ufaransa ili kukabiliana na wasiwasi huo. Walakini Tume ya Ulaya iliamua kwamba tiba hii haikuenda kabisa vya kutosha. Margrethe Vestager kamishna anayesimamia sera ya mashindano alisema: ""Uchumi wa Ulaya unategemea masoko ya kifedha yanayofanya kazi vizuri."	Legit
Business	Tesco kulipa faini ya pauni 129m juu ya kashfa ya uhasibu	Tesco ni kulipa pauni milioni 235 kumaliza uchunguzi uliofanywa na Ofisi ya Udanganyifu Mbaya na Mamlaka ya Maadili ya Kifedha kwa kashfa ya uhasibu ya mwaka 2014 ambayo iligonga muuzaji mkubwa wa Uingereza. Italipa faini ya Pauni 129m kama sehemu ya makubaliano ya mashtaka yaliyofutwa (DPA) na SFO ingawa mpango huu unahitaji idhini ya korti. DPA inahusiana na kampuni ya Tesco Stores ndogo ya maduka ya Tesco. Kundi kubwa la maduka limekubaliana na FCA kulipa karibu dola 85m kwa fidia kwa wawekezaji walioathiriwa na taarifa ya biashara ya tarehe 29 Agosti 2014 ambayo ilizidi faida. Tesco pia italipa gharama za kisheria zinazohusiana na makubaliano hayo na kusema jumla ya malipo yanayotarajiwa kuwa $ 235m.	Legit
Business	Macron na Le pen wanapigania Kura	"Kutarajia Ushindi wa Uchaguzi wa Ufaransa ""Zikiwa na zaidi ya wiki nne bado kabla ya duru ya pili ya kupiga kura Marine Le Pen na Emmanuel Macron tayari wanafanya kampeni kama ndio wagombea pekee waliobaki katika mbio za kuwa rais ujao wa Ufaransa. Na kura za hivi karibuni zikipendekeza -euro Le Pen na mtunzi Macron ni zaidi ya alama ishirini mbele ya mpinzani wao wa karibu kwa mechi hizo mbili mnamo Mei 7 wagombea wa mbele waliuza biashara ya wikendi mwishoni mwa wiki wakati wagombeaji wengine walipoingia nyuma. Macron aliita Le Pen a ""mtu mzuri, lakini ni mwongo sugu"" juu ya ahadi ya kuondoa ushuru wakati raia huyo alionyesha mpinzani wake kama papa wa wasomi wa Ufaransa. Kwenye redio ya 1 ya Jumatatu alisema yuko laini juu ya uhamiaji. """	Fake
Business	Banks na Tech Firms Vita Juu ya Kitu Akin kwa Dhahabu: Takwimu zako	Mabenki makubwa na Bonde la Silicon wanapiga vita kuongezeka kwa data yako ya kifedha: muswada wako wa chakula cha jioni jana usiku malipo yako ya kila mwezi ya viwango vya riba unayolipa. Kampuni za Teknolojia kama Mint na Uboreshaji zimekuwa na hamu ya kuongeza data hii hasa kwa huduma za ujenzi ambazo huwafanya watu waunganishe akaunti zao zote za benki na kadi ya mkopo. Jambo la kuuza ni kufanya bajeti na uwekaji kitabu uwe rahisi. Lakini data hiyo pia inatumiwa kutoa aina mpya ya mikopo na bidhaa za uwekezaji. Sasa benki zimeamua kwamba haziruhusu data ipite bila mapigano. Katika wiki za hivi karibuni benki kubwa kadhaa zimekuwa zikisukuma kuzuia kushiriki data ya aina hii na kampuni za teknolojia kulingana na kampuni za teknolojia. Katika hali zingine wanakataa kupitisha habari kama ada na viwango vya riba wanachotoa. Pande zote mbili zinaona pesa kubwa kufanywa kutoka kwa reams ya habari ya kibinafsi iliyoundwa na shughuli za kifedha.	Legit
Business	Tiêu chuẩn khí thải tự động của California	"Thiết lập đối mặt với Trump ""Cơ quan không khí sạch của California đã bỏ phiếu vào thứ Sáu để thúc đẩy các tiêu chuẩn khí thải nghiêm ngặt hơn đối với ô tô và xe tải thiết lập một cuộc chiến pháp lý tiềm năng với chính quyền của Trump về kế hoạch giảm khí đốt hành tinh. bởi Ủy ban Tài nguyên Hàng không California là dấu hiệu táo bạo nhất trong kế hoạch của California để ủng hộ chương trình nghị sự của Tổng thống Trump. Các chính trị gia hàng đầu trong bang từ thống đốc xuống nhiều thị trưởng đã hứa sẽ lãnh đạo cuộc kháng chiến đối với chính sách của ông Trump. Ngành công nghiệp liên quan đến các vấn đề môi trường cho biết việc nới lỏng các quy tắc phát thải sẽ giúp kích thích sản xuất ô tô. Ông tuyên bố tuần trước sẽ nới lỏng các quy định này."	Legit
Business	BrewDog đe dọa kiện chống lại kế hoạch cho quán bar với tên 'punk'	"BrewDog đe dọa hành động pháp lý để ngăn chặn một thanh sử dụng thuật ngữ ""punk"" trong tên của nó, nó đã xuất hiện một ngày sau khi nhà sản xuất đổ lỗi cho luật sư ""kích hoạt hạnh phúc"" cho một tranh chấp tương tự gây ra phản ứng dữ dội trên mạng xã hội. Nhà sản xuất bia vốn là người chỉ trích mạnh mẽ hành vi của các tập đoàn lớn đã đưa ra sự phản đối đối với kế hoạch của nhà quảng bá âm nhạc Tony Green để mở một quán bar ở Leeds có tên là Draft Punk. Green, người nói rằng cái tên này có liên quan đến ngôn ngữ âm nhạc khiêu vũ Pháp Daft Punk nói rằng mối đe dọa ""đáng sợ"" đã chống lại tinh thần chuyển động punk mà BrewDog tuyên bố sẽ kết hôn."	Legit
Business	EU hoan nghênh Deutsche Boerse 14 tỷ mua lại sàn giao dịch chứng khoán Luân Đôn	"""Các nhà quản lý Liên minh châu Âu hoan nghênh kế hoạch tiếp quản Tập đoàn chứng khoán Luân Đôn của Deutsche Boerse AG, Plc chấp nhận mang tính biểu tượng về hội nhập EU-UK vào cùng ngày Anh chính thức đưa ra thông báo về quyết định rời khỏi EU. Thỏa thuận 14 tỷ đồng để tạo ra trao đổi lớn nhất châu Âu Thúc đẩy cạnh tranh tại EU sắp có 27 quốc gia bằng cách phủ nhận độc quyền trên thực tế để thanh toán bù trừ trái phiếu và mua lại các thỏa thuận mà Ủy ban châu Âu cho biết trong một tuyên bố gửi qua email vào thứ Tư. EU cũng chấp nhận đề xuất hợp tác với NYSE Euronext. ""Ủy ban cho phép các thỏa thuận này, Margrethe Vestager, ủy viên chống độc quyền của EU, nói với các phóng viên ở Brussels. LSE đã không chuẩn bị ""bán một đơn vị nhỏ sẽ loại bỏ mối lo ngại rằng công ty kết hợp có thể làm suy yếu đối thủ Euronext NV. Các nhà quản lý EU đã ngày càng chấp nhận các thỏa thuận lớn đòi hỏi nhượng bộ nặng nề để loại bỏ các doanh nghiệp chồng chéo trong bối cảnh lo ngại rằng một công ty kết hợp có thể chi phối một ngành công nghiệp và tăng giá. Mặc dù đây là lần thứ hai Vestager chính thức chấp nhận sáp nhập, một số giao dịch đã bị bỏ qua vì sự chống đối chống độc quyền. """	Fake
Business	Uber ngừng hoạt động của Đan Mạch về luật taxi mới	"Uber sẽ ngừng hoạt động tại Đan Mạch vào tháng tới sau khi đưa ra luật taxi mới, công ty đã tuyên bố đánh dấu bước lùi mới nhất của châu Âu đối với dịch vụ đặt chỗ đi xe của Mỹ. Một phát ngôn viên của công ty, bà Kristian Agerbo, cho biết hôm thứ ba Uber ""phải nhận hậu quả"" của các quy tắc mà trong số những điều khác sẽ yêu cầu xe taxi phải được lắp cảm biến chiếm chỗ ngồi và đồng hồ đo giá vé. Uber đã phải đối mặt với các vấn đề tại các thành phố bao gồm Madrid Frankfurt Paris và London và đang chờ phán quyết từ tòa án công lý châu Âu có thể xác định cách thức quy định trên lục địa: như một dịch vụ vận tải hoặc nền tảng kỹ thuật số."	Legit
Business	American Airlines hợp tác với China Southern	"American Airlines và hãng hàng không lớn nhất Trung Quốc của hành khách China Southern đã đồng ý hợp tác chiến lược. Hãng hàng không Mỹ sẽ mua cổ phần trị giá 200 triệu bảng trong công ty Trung Quốc và hai bên sẽ ""tìm cách tăng cường hợp tác"". China Southern là hãng hàng không mới nhất của Trung Quốc mang về một nhà đầu tư từ bên ngoài đại lục. Thỏa thuận sẽ cung cấp cho American Airlines nhiều khả năng hơn để thâm nhập vào thị trường hàng không đang phát triển của Trung Quốc. Trung Quốc là một trong những nguồn khách du lịch lớn nhất đến Mỹ với các tàu sân bay Trung Quốc đang ráo riết mở rộng đội tàu và phạm vi các điểm đến ở nước ngoài để phục vụ cho sự tăng trưởng mạnh mẽ về số lượng khách du lịch."	Legit
Business	Tổng thống Trump trong một trật tự điều hành đã tăng cường các biện pháp an ninh về những gì các công ty internet có thể chia sẻ với các thực thể khác. Trong Nhà, đảng Cộng hòa đã bỏ phiếu để hạn chế nghiêm ngặt những gì có thể được chia sẻ. Các công ty như Verizon, Facebook, Google và các công ty khác không còn có thể chia sẻ thông tin như đăng ký, số an sinh xã hội, lịch sử duyệt web giữa đám đông. Nó cũng cấm chia sẻ trên diễn đàn công khai các số liệu thống kê y tế trên các trang web như Máy mài, người yêu cầu các thành viên liệt kê xem họ có nhiễm HIV hay không C. Thông tin này không còn được liệt kê vì vi phạm tiêu chuẩn HIPPA.	"Lee Se-dol là nhà vô địch thế giới trong trò chơi cờ phức tạp nhất thế giới, ""Go"". Vào thứ bảy, đối thủ mới nhất của Se-dol là máy tính Deepmind của Alpha, máy tính trí tuệ nhân tạo tiên tiến nhất thế giới. Se-dol đã đánh bại cỗ máy sau hai giờ trận đấu kết thúc. Giám đốc điều hành Google DeepMind Dennis Hassabis đã nhận xét sau thất bại của AlphaGo. ""Chúng tôi đến đây với hy vọng siêu máy tính của chúng tôi có thể tính toán nhanh hơn nhiều lần thì bất kỳ con người nào cũng dễ dàng đánh bại Lee. Chúng tôi khá ngạc nhiên trước chiến thắng của Lee. Có vẻ như chúng tôi còn một chặng đường dài để tái tạo trực giác của con người mà chưa có máy tính nào có thể để nhân rộng. """	Fake
Business	Khối EU 14 tỷ của Deutsche Boerse tiếp quản sàn giao dịch chứng khoán Luân Đôn	"Các nhà quản lý của Liên minh Châu Âu đã giáng một đòn cuối cùng vào kế hoạch tiếp quản Tập đoàn Chứng khoán Luân Đôn của Deutsche Boerse AG, một khối biểu tượng về hội nhập EU-Anh trong cùng ngày Anh chính thức đưa ra thông báo về quyết định rời khỏi EU. Thỏa thuận 14 tỷ đồng để tạo ra trao đổi lớn nhất của châu Âu sẽ gây tổn hại cho cạnh tranh tại EU sắp có 27 quốc gia bằng cách tạo ra sự độc quyền trên thực tế để thanh toán bù trừ trái phiếu và mua lại các thỏa thuận mà Ủy ban châu Âu cho biết trong một tuyên bố gửi qua email hôm thứ Tư. Quyết định được gắn cờ vào tháng trước bởi LSE ngăn cản sự mở rộng của Deutsche Boerse chỉ năm năm sau khi EU cũng cấm một đề xuất hợp tác với NYSE Euronext. ""Ủy ban không thể cho phép tạo ra các độc quyền và đó là điều sẽ xảy ra trong trường hợp này Margrethe Vestager, ủy viên chống độc quyền của EU, nói với các phóng viên ở Brussels. công ty có thể đã làm suy yếu đối thủ Euronext NV. Các nhà quản lý EU đã trở nên ngày càng cứng rắn đối với các thỏa thuận lớn đòi hỏi phải nhượng bộ có trọng lượng để loại bỏ các doanh nghiệp chồng chéo trong bối cảnh lo ngại rằng một công ty kết hợp có thể thống trị một ngành công nghiệp và tăng giá. Trong khi đây là lần thứ hai Vestager chính thức chặn một vụ sáp nhập, một số giao dịch đã bị bỏ qua vì sự chống đối chống độc quyền."	Legit
Business	Giá vàng giảm hôm nay, theo Ronald-Peter Stoeferle, đối tác quản lý của Incrementum AG. Khi thị trường đã sẵn sàng, vàng dự kiến sẽ giảm mạnh và giảm xuống 1500 một ounce. Trong nỗ lực tránh bụi phóng xạ, các nhà quản lý hàng đầu có kế hoạch bán vàng với giá thấp nhất trên các mạng mua sắm được truyền hình như HSN, E-vine và dĩ nhiên là QVC. Người gọi có thẻ tín dụng hoặc thẻ ghi nợ sẽ có thể gọi và mua vàng bằng ounce chỉ với 6 khoản thanh toán hàng tháng dễ dàng là 19,99. Và khi một người gọi, họ cũng sẽ nhận được ounce thứ hai miễn phí, chỉ cần trả thêm một vận chuyển và xử lý 1999.	"Hôm thứ ba, tình báo Hoa Kỳ và Anh đã trích dẫn thông tin tình báo rằng các tân binh ISIS đã được đào tạo để biến máy tính xách tay và máy tính bảng thành các thiết bị nổ sử dụng pin của thiết bị làm cò nổ. Chất nổ mới không thể phát hiện được bằng cách sử dụng các biện pháp phòng ngừa an ninh tại các sân bay lớn. Thông minh cho biết các thiết bị nổ phải được kích hoạt bằng tay trong chuyến bay. Trích dẫn mối đe dọa này đối với khách du lịch hàng không, các quan chức Mỹ và Anh tuyên bố vào thứ ba về việc cấm các thiết bị điện tử như máy tính xách tay và máy tính bảng mang theo hành lý trên các chuyến bay từ tất cả các quốc gia. ""Lệnh cấm sẽ được áp dụng cho đến khi chúng tôi tìm ra cách để hành lý thú y đúng cách"", Tổng thống Donald Trump tuyên bố."	Fake
Business	Alex Jones xin lỗi vì đã quảng bá trò chơi 'Pizzagate'	"Alex Jones, một nhà lý luận âm mưu nổi tiếng và là người dẫn chương trình phát thanh cánh hữu nổi tiếng đã xin lỗi vì đã giúp truyền bá và thúc đẩy trò lừa bịp được gọi là Pizzagate. Việc nhập học vào thứ Sáu bởi ông Jones, người dẫn chương trình ""The Alex Jones Show"" và nhà điều hành trang web Infowars đã rất ấn tượng. Ngoài việc thúc đẩy thuyết âm mưu Pizzagate, ông còn cho rằng vụ tấn công ngày 11 tháng 9 là bên trong các công việc do chính phủ Hoa Kỳ thực hiện và vụ nổ súng năm 2012 tại Trường tiểu học Sandy Hook ở Newtown Conn là một trò lừa bịp của những kẻ thù đối với Sửa đổi lần thứ hai. Giả thuyết Pizzagate được đưa ra mà không có bằng chứng nào cho thấy các quan chức Dân chủ hàng đầu có liên quan đến một vòng khiêu dâm trẻ em satan xoay quanh Comet Ping Pong, một nhà hàng pizza ở Washington DC đã phát triển trên các diễn đàn trực tuyến trước khi đến các địa điểm dễ thấy hơn, bao gồm cả chương trình của ông Jones. Và sự nổi bật của nó sau cuộc bầu cử đã thu hút sự chú ý đến sự phổ biến của những tin tức sai lệch và sai lệch phần lớn trong số đó mang tính chính trị được lưu hành trên các nền tảng như Facebook Twitter và YouTube."	Legit
Business	Giám đốc điều hành Alexandre de Juniac, thuộc Hiệp hội Vận tải Hàng không Quốc tế cho biết, sau khi khảo sát và bỏ phiếu cho hành khách, mọi người dường như đồng ý rằng lệnh cấm sử dụng máy tính xách tay trong cabin là tuyệt vời. Steve Harvey, người được IATA bổ nhiệm, đã thực hiện các cuộc khảo sát và thu thập thông tin. Các hãng hàng không lớn như Delta, Pan Am và Tây Nam đã chứng kiến doanh số bán vé tăng lên một tầm cao mới. Một phát ngôn viên cho biết mọi người đã vui vẻ hơn nhiều và báo cáo trải nghiệm chuyến bay tốt hơn và hành khách cảm thấy thân mật hơn về trải nghiệm của họ. Mọi người dường như thực sự phản ứng với cookie và sữa và phim hoạt hình thời gian cũ tốt cho các bộ phim trên không. Các cookie hiện được phục vụ trên chuyến bay cho tất cả các chuyến bay quốc tế có chứa phù hiệu và phi hành đoàn báo cáo rằng hầu hết hành khách ăn, xem phim hoạt hình và sau đó ngủ phần lớn chuyến bay.	"Mặc dù nổi tiếng là một nữ diễn viên, Emma Thompson không bao giờ chuyển đến Los Angeles, nơi giới thượng lưu Hollywood làm việc và mua những ngôi nhà đắt tiền trong các cộng đồng bị kiểm soát. Tại sao? Bởi vì cô cảm thấy mình quá béo. Trong một cuộc phỏng vấn trên truyền hình Thụy Điển, Thompson nói: ""Đó là một nơi kỳ lạ. Tôi chỉ không thể sống ở đó."" Cô tiếp tục giải thích rằng nhiều nữ diễn viên bị biếng ăn do các nhà sản xuất liên tục săn lùng họ để giảm cân. Những phụ nữ trẻ sẽ có vóc dáng đẹp, và các nhà sản xuất vẫn sẽ yêu cầu họ giảm cân. Họ chỉ đơn giản là không ăn để họ có thể tìm việc. Thompson nói rằng cô đe dọa sẽ rời khỏi bộ phim Br slideshowead Revisited khi một bạn diễn được yêu cầu giảm cân. Cô ấy nói rằng sự xấu hổ của nhà sản xuất hiện đang được hướng đến ngay cả trẻ em và nam giới và nam giới không được miễn dịch. Sự xấu hổ tiếp tục cho đến khi một ngôi sao ở độ tuổi 30. Đến lúc đó nhiều người đã phát triển rối loạn ăn uống vĩnh viễn."	Fake
Business	Tăng cường Brexit: Qatar sẽ đầu tư thêm 6 tỷ vào Anh	"Quốc gia vùng Vịnh giàu khí đốt này đã đầu tư khoảng 40 tỷ bảng Anh (50 tỷ đồng) vào Anh, nơi họ sở hữu một chuỗi tài sản chiến lợi phẩm bao gồm cửa hàng bách hóa Harrods và tòa nhà cao nhất của Shard - Tây Âu. Thủ tướng Sheikh Abdullah bin Nasser Al Thani cho biết Qatar sẽ chi thêm 5 tỷ bảng Anh (6,3 tỷ đồng) trong vòng 3 đến 5 năm tới cho bất động sản hạ tầng năng lượng và các lĩnh vực khác. Tin tức này được đưa ra khi Thủ tướng Theresa May chuẩn bị kích hoạt quy trình rút lui chính thức của EU vào thứ Tư. Liam Fox, Bộ trưởng Ngoại giao Anh về thương mại quốc tế cho biết: ""Chúng tôi đang nhìn ra ngoài ranh giới của lục địa của chúng tôi sẵn sàng nắm lấy tất cả các cơ hội của kỷ nguyên mới này."	Legit
Business	BrewDog bị sa thải vì những cáo buộc liên quan đến răng nanh trong quá trình sản xuất bia của họ	"""Gần đây, BrewDog đã được tìm thấy bao gồm nước bọt của chó trong quá trình sản xuất bia của họ. BrewDog báo cáo rằng họ đã phục vụ bia trong vài tuần nay và không có khiếu nại nào từ khách hàng. Tony Green, chủ quán rượu của Draft Punk đã đệ đơn kiện công ty nói rằng khách hàng nên biết những gì trong bia họ đang tiêu thụ. Green đã ngừng mang bia BrewDog với thông tin gần đây này. BrewDog đã từ chối bình luận về vụ kiện. """	Fake
Business	Các ngân hàng Anh cho biết không chuẩn bị cho Brexit	"Ngân hàng Anh đã phát hiện ra rằng các ngân hàng Anh không chuẩn bị cho sự căng thẳng có thể rút khỏi Liên minh châu Âu. Ngân hàng Anh trước đây đã yêu cầu các ngân hàng Anh nộp kế hoạch dự phòng cho tất cả các kết quả có thể liên quan đến Brexit. Các kế hoạch dự phòng gần đây đã được Ngân hàng Anh xem xét để xác định tình trạng sẵn sàng của các ngân hàng Anh trong việc xử lý các kết quả có thể xảy ra của Brexit. Chính phủ Anh của Theresa May có kế hoạch kích hoạt điều 50 và bắt đầu đàm phán về việc Anh rời khỏi EU. Chủ tịch Ngân hàng Anh nhận xét: ""Chúng tôi đã tìm thấy phần lớn các ngân hàng Anh mà chúng tôi đã kiểm tra có đủ vốn trong tay để đối phó với những căng thẳng có thể xảy ra khi rút Anh khỏi EU. Vì vậy, chúng tôi khuyến nghị những điều này các ngân hàng thực hiện các biện pháp khắc phục để tăng vốn trước Brexit. "" Các ngân hàng có tới hai năm để nâng đỡ vốn trước khi các hiệu ứng đầy đủ của Brexit sẽ được cảm nhận."	Fake
Business	Rô bốt chiếm lĩnh thế giới	Robot đang dần chiếm lĩnh lực lượng lao động của thế giới. Hơn 20 triệu công nhân ở Anh đã mất việc làm trong thế giới robot. Công ty tư vấn PwC đã phát hiện ra rằng hơn 50% các công ty đã bắt đầu sử dụng những tiến bộ công nghệ của trí tuệ nhân tạo (AI) để thay thế các công việc ban đầu được trao cho công dân hàng ngày. Cựu nhân viên của các công ty này đang thua lỗ hoàn toàn. Họ đã mất việc làm cho ngành công nghiệp robot và thấy khó khăn trong việc tìm kiếm công việc thay thế ở nơi khác. Các công ty tin rằng các robot AI đang tăng năng suất trong các nhà máy của họ và là sự thay thế tuyệt vời cho các công nhân ban đầu được thuê cho các nhiệm vụ kỹ năng thấp. PwC cho biết đây chỉ là khởi đầu của sự kết hợp AI trong xã hội. Ngay bây giờ, 3 triệu việc làm trong bán buôn và bán lẻ, trong một thời gian thuê nhiều người nhất ở Anh, đã được thay thế bằng AI. Tiếp theo, họ sẽ bắt đầu kết hợp AI vào sản xuất sau đó là các dịch vụ hành chính và hỗ trợ. Sắp tới, các công ty sẽ sử dụng AI cho 95% công việc trong công ty của họ. Tiết kiệm cho họ hàng triệu và hàng triệu đô la họ sẽ phải trả cho nhân viên của mình.	Fake
Business	THỊ TRƯỜNG CHỨNG KHOÁN BRITON	Khi các ngân hàng rời London, nhiều người đang chuyển đến Frankfurt. Nhiều người đang trích dẫn chi phí thấp hơn. Goldman Sachs nằm trong số những người ra đi. Các nhà đầu tư lo ngại rằng việc di chuyển hàng loạt này khỏi London sẽ khiến thị trường chứng khoán sụp đổ. Ngoài ra, dự kiến đồng tiền của Anh sẽ mất giá nghiêm trọng và lãi suất cơ bản cao hơn. Tỷ lệ thất nghiệp ở London dự kiến sẽ đạt mức cao nhất mọi thời đại mà không có kết thúc trước mắt. Liên minh châu Âu đang yêu cầu Anh xem xét lại quyết định rời khỏi liên minh.	Fake
Business	Tencent của Trung Quốc mua 5% cổ phần của Tesla	Gã khổng lồ công nghệ Trung Quốc Tencent đã chi 1,78 tỷ đồng (1,4 tỷ bảng Anh) để mua 5% cổ phần của nhà sản xuất ô tô điện Tesla. Tencent nổi tiếng với ứng dụng di động WeChat đã đầu tư vào một số lĩnh vực bao gồm trò chơi điện toán đám mây và tài chính trực tuyến. Tesla nói rằng cổ phần là thụ động có nghĩa là Tencent sẽ không có tiếng nói về cách thức hoạt động của công ty Mỹ. Cổ phiếu của Tesla đã tăng 2,3% trong giao dịch sớm sau thông báo. Các dòng xe điện của Tesla đã bao gồm Model S và Roadster được coi là chiếc xe thể thao điện đầu tiên trên thế giới. Công ty cũng chuyên về lưu trữ pin và thông qua các tấm pin mặt trời dân dụng công ty con SolarCity.	Legit
Business	Các cuộc đàm phán Brexit đang chứng kiến sự thành công: Jose Manuel Barroso	"""Các cuộc đàm phán mà chúng tôi sẽ diễn ra tuyệt vời theo ủy viên châu Âu Jose Manual Barroso. Trừ khi cả Anh và Liên minh châu Âu thay đổi hoàn toàn quan điểm của họ trong các cuộc đàm phán sắp tới, các cuộc đàm phán sẽ diễn ra với thành công lớn nhất có thể. Theresa May đã chính thức thông báo cho Brussels về ý định của Vương quốc Anh ở lại EU. Theresa đã nói rằng thỏa thuận này là thỏa thuận tốt nhất có thể có thể được đàm phán. """	Fake
Business	Spat điện Đức với Đan Mạch được cố định	"""Một cuộc đấu tranh lâu dài giữa Đan Mạch và Đức về dây cáp điện nối các quốc gia đã cải thiện lượng điện mà các nhà sản xuất Bắc Âu có thể cung cấp cho thị trường lớn nhất châu Âu lên mức cao nhất trong 17 năm qua. năm ngoái, kể từ khi thị trường năng lượng giữa các quốc gia bắt đầu vào năm 2010. Đó là hậu quả của việc bảo lưu chưa từng có đối với năng lượng mặt trời và năng lượng mặt trời có nghĩa là sản xuất năng lượng tái tạo giúp cho lưới điện của quốc gia dễ dàng xử lý điện và nhập khẩu. Cuộc tranh luận đang cho thấy sự thay đổi trong mục tiêu của Liên minh châu Âu là phá vỡ các rào cản quốc gia về quyền lực để tăng cường an ninh năng lượng và cắt giảm chi phí thông qua giao dịch xuyên biên giới. Cuộc thảo luận giữa Đức và Đan Mạch đã phát triển mạnh mẽ từ cuộc họp mới nhất về vấn đề này. ở Berlin tuần trước. """	Fake
Business	Tái đàm phán Nafta? Người Mexico nói hãy tiếp tục với nó	Trong hơn hai thập kỷ, thương mại tự do là trung tâm của mối quan hệ của Mexico với Mỹ chịu trách nhiệm bơm một dòng xe linh kiện âm thanh và bơ ở phía bắc và bò và phần mềm ngô giá rẻ ở phía nam. Đối với các nhà lãnh đạo của quốc gia, đó là vấn đề quan trọng không thể chối bỏ. Ít nhất là cho đến khi Tổng thống Trump xuất hiện hứa hẹn sẽ tăng gần 500 tỷ thương mại hàng năm giữa hai nước nếu không thể tái thiết kế nhiều hơn theo hướng có lợi cho nước Mỹ. Bây giờ các nhà lãnh đạo của Mexico có một ưu tiên mới: kêu gọi các đối tác Mỹ của họ nhanh lên và tiếp tục với nó. Trong khi thương mại tự do từ lâu đã là một bài viết về niềm tin vào Mexico không chắc chắn về số phận của Hiệp định thương mại tự do Bắc Mỹ đang tác động mạnh đến đất nước này.	Legit
Business	Lợi nhuận của Wells Fargo bị ảnh hưởng bởi chi phí pháp lý	Ngân hàng Mỹ Wells Fargo đã báo cáo lợi nhuận hàng quý giảm sau khi dành quỹ cho các chi phí tiềm năng liên quan đến vụ bê bối tài khoản giả mạo của mình. Lợi nhuận quý 3 giảm 2% xuống 5,64 tỷ đồng (4,6 tỷ bảng) so với 5,8 tỷ năm trước. Vụ bê bối cho thấy nhân viên ngân hàng mở tới hai triệu tài khoản mà không có kiến thức hoặc sự cho phép của khách hàng để đáp ứng các mục tiêu bán hàng tích cực. Vào tháng 9, ngân hàng đã bị phạt 185 triệu đối với các tài khoản bất hợp pháp và tuần này ông chủ Wells Fargo John Stumpf đã từ chức. Wells Fargo đã sa thải khoảng 5 300 nhân viên liên quan đến vụ bê bối. Ngân hàng phải đối mặt với nhiều cuộc điều tra của liên bang và tiểu bang cho biết chi phí tăng một phần do chi phí kiện tụng dự kiến. Chi phí cố định quý ba tăng lên 13,3 tỷ từ 12,9 tỷ trong quý trước.	Legit
Business	Ford đầu tư 1,2 tỷ vào nhà máy Michigan	"Ford cho biết họ sẽ chi 1,2 tỷ đồng (1 tỷ bảng Anh) như là một phần của kế hoạch nâng cấp ba nhà máy ở Michigan. Họ cho biết 850m sẽ được chi cho việc trang bị lại nhà máy của mình ở Wayne, nơi Ford dự định xây dựng các mẫu xe của Bronco và Ranger. Ngoài ra, Ford sẽ tạo ra 130 việc làm tại nhà máy phụ tùng động cơ Romeo mà hãng cho biết trong một tuyên bố. Vào tháng 1, gã khổng lồ xe hơi Mỹ cho biết họ sẽ hủy bỏ một nhà máy trị giá 1,6 tỷ mà họ đã lên kế hoạch xây dựng ở Mexico. Tổng thống Hoa Kỳ Donald Trump, người đã gây áp lực với Ford về kế hoạch đầu tư Mexico đã lên kế hoạch trước đó vào ngày thứ ba: ""Thông báo lớn của Ford ngày hôm nay. Đầu tư lớn được thực hiện tại ba nhà máy ở Michigan. Các công ty xe hơi quay trở lại Mỹ. JOBS JOBS"" thông báo phần lớn phù hợp với thỏa thuận trước đó mà nó đạt được với hiệp hội Công nhân United Auto."	Legit
Business	Giám đốc điều hành quỹ phòng hộ có công ty cũ có liên quan đến Madoff đã nhảy vào cái chết của anh ta	"Charles Murphy được tìm thấy đã chết trên sân thượng tầng bốn của khách sạn Sofitel vào thứ Hai theo một nguồn tin của cảnh sát. ""Chúng tôi vô cùng đau buồn trước tin tức này John Paulson, chủ tịch của Paulson Co., một quỹ phòng hộ riêng biệt nơi Murphy làm việc tại thời điểm ông qua đời. Charles là một người đàn ông cực kỳ tài năng và tuyệt vời, một đối tác tuyệt vời và một người bạn thực sự."" Murphy từng làm việc cho Fairfield Greenwich, vốn đầu tư khoảng 7 tỷ đồng với Madoff và sau đó bị kiện bởi các nhà đầu tư đã mất tiền. Quỹ đã đồng ý giải quyết 80 triệu. Madoff đã bị bắt vào tháng 12 năm 2008 vì điều hành chương trình Ponzi lớn nhất thế giới và lừa đảo các nhà đầu tư 20 tỷ. Anh ta nhận tội với tội danh lừa đảo. Hiện 78 tuổi, ông đang thụ án 150 năm trong một nhà tù liên bang ở Bắc Carolina."	Legit
Business	Các công dân EU trừng phạt người Anh vì Brexit	"Các nhà hàng đang bị buộc phải làm nô lệ cho trẻ em ở độ tuổi đi học để làm việc trong ngành công nghiệp của họ. ""Các nhà hàng không có sự lựa chọn."", Pret, một người quản lý tại một cửa hàng bánh sandwich có trụ sở tại Anh nói. Kể từ khi các quan chức EU từ chối làm kinh doanh kể từ khi chia tay, và càng ít người quốc tịch được gửi đi, những người lao động có tay nghề thấp đang trở nên khan hiếm. Các nhà hàng đã quyết định buộc khoảng 500 sinh viên làm việc miễn phí, hứa hẹn sẽ thực tập trong tương lai. Đây là toàn bộ chế độ nô lệ của tầng lớp trung lưu và họ đang bị lừa nghĩ rằng đây là giáo dục. Luật sư đang xem xét điều này và các vụ kiện từ cha mẹ đã được hiển thị."	Fake
Business	Westinghouse Electric vẫn phát triển mạnh mẽ mặc dù có tin đồn về việc phá sản	Westinghouse Electric là công ty hàng đầu về những tiến bộ trong hoạt động hạt nhân bất chấp những tin đồn về việc phá sản. Các nguồn tại Toshiba (TOSBF) đã tuyên bố mối quan hệ của họ với công ty lịch sử vẫn đang bền chặt. Westellinghouse Electric sẽ vẫn thuộc quyền kiểm soát của TOSBF và tiếp tục hỗ trợ họ về tài chính. Nhiều người không nhận ra Westinghouse nổi tiếng với George Westinghouse. Ông Westinghouse là một nhà phát minh vào cuối thế kỷ 20. Phát minh của ông về hệ thống phanh không khí đã cải thiện đáng kể sự an toàn của việc đi tàu. Phát minh của ông vẫn là một phần quan trọng của hoạt động trong toàn công ty.	Fake
Business	Hạ viện vừa bỏ phiếu để xóa sạch các biện pháp bảo vệ quyền riêng tư trên Internet của FCC	Quốc hội đã gửi đề xuất luật lên Tổng thống Trump vào thứ ba, xóa sạch các biện pháp bảo vệ quyền riêng tư trực tuyến mang tính bước ngoặt trong những gì có khả năng trở thành một sự sửa đổi đáng kể các quy tắc kiểm soát truy cập Internet trong kỷ nguyên thống trị của đảng Cộng hòa. Trong một cuộc bỏ phiếu trực tuyến, đảng Cộng hòa Hạ viện đã giải phóng các nhà cung cấp dịch vụ Internet như Verizon ATT và Comcast về các biện pháp bảo vệ được phê duyệt năm ngoái đã tìm cách hạn chế những gì các công ty có thể làm với thông tin như dữ liệu lịch sử sử dụng ứng dụng thói quen của khách hàng và số An sinh xã hội. Các quy tắc cũng đã yêu cầu các nhà cung cấp tăng cường bảo vệ dữ liệu của khách hàng chống lại tin tặc và kẻ trộm.	Legit
Business	Thụy Điển cảnh báo không quay trở lại những năm 50 thuế thấp khi nạn đói tiếp diễn	"""Thụy Điển không nên quay trở lại mức thuế thấp của những năm 1950 và 1960. Lời cảnh báo đó xuất phát từ một ứng cử viên tổng thống cực hữu của Thụy Điển vì chính phủ lãnh đạo Dân chủ Xã hội đã giảm thuế cho các tập đoàn trong khi cắt giảm lợi ích hưu trí."" Nạn đói tàn khốc hiện đang đối mặt với Đức ""Urban Hansson Bruswtiz, tổng giám đốc của Viện nghiên cứu kinh tế quốc gia, nói với một tờ báo địa phương trong một cuộc phỏng vấn hôm thứ Tư. Nếu thuế quay trở lại mức giá thấp trong lịch sử của họ thì nó sẽ gây bất lợi lớn cho an ninh lương thực ở Thụy Điển ."	Fake
Business	Thụy Điển cảnh báo không quay trở lại thuế 70 khi thu nhập bị ép	"Đừng trả lại Thụy Điển mức thuế cao trong những năm 1970 và 1980. Lời cảnh báo đó xuất phát từ bể tư duy kinh tế do nhà nước tài trợ của Thụy Điển khi chính phủ do Đảng Dân chủ Xã hội lãnh đạo đã tăng thuế đối với người lao động trong khi lên kế hoạch cắt giảm thuế đối với người nghỉ hưu và những người thu lợi. ""Có những tác động tiêu cực lớn ít nhất là trong dài hạn của thuế thu nhập nhà nước cao hơn và thuế suất cận biên Urban Hansson Brusewitz, tổng giám đốc tại Viện nghiên cứu kinh tế quốc gia, cho biết trong một cuộc phỏng vấn hôm thứ ba tại Stockholm. hướng quá lâu sẽ có hại cho Thụy Điển. """	Legit
Business	"""Tesco sẽ không trả bất kỳ khoản tiền nào để giải quyết các cuộc điều tra của Văn phòng gian lận nghiêm trọng và Cơ quan quản lý tài chính về vụ bê bối kế toán năm 2014 làm rung chuyển nhà bán lẻ lớn nhất nước Anh. Nó sẽ trả 0,00 bảng như một phần của thỏa thuận truy tố trì hoãn (DPA) với SFO như Thỏa thuận này không cần có sự chấp thuận của tòa án. DPA liên quan đến công ty con của Tesco Tesco Stores Ltd. Tập đoàn siêu thị đã không đồng ý với FCA để trả bất kỳ khoản bồi thường nào cho các nhà đầu tư bị ảnh hưởng bởi một tuyên bố giao dịch vào ngày 29 tháng 8 năm 2014. không trả chi phí pháp lý liên quan đến các thỏa thuận và cho biết tổng chi phí đặc biệt dự kiến là 0,00 bảng. """	Các quy tắc CC sử dụng công nghệ để giúp hàng triệu người thưởng thức truyền hình và các định dạng phương tiện khác. Nhờ công nghệ máy học của Google, các tù nhân sẽ có thể sử dụng các công nghệ này .. YouTube đã sử dụng phần mềm nói thành văn bản sẽ được sử dụng trong một số nhà tù trên toàn quốc. Các tù nhân khiếm thính rất phấn khích khi nghe về các công nghệ CC đang được triển khai, nhưng nhiều người nộp thuế đã phản đối ý tưởng này.	Fake
Business	Vàng được đặt lên 1	"500 khi lạm phát tạo ra sự trở lại ""Vàng đã sẵn sàng tăng lên mức đã thấy cách đây bốn năm khi lạm phát gia tăng và lãi suất thực âm kết hợp với nhau để thúc đẩy nhu cầu theo Incrementum AG, nói rằng kim loại quý có thể đang ở giai đoạn đầu của một đợt tăng giá Giá thị trường có thể tăng lên 1 400 đến 1 500 một ounce trong năm nay cho biết đối tác quản lý Ronald-Peter Stoeferle tại công ty Liechtenstein có trụ sở giám sát 100 triệu franc Thụy Sĩ (101,5 triệu đồng). - giao dịch lần cuối ở mức 1 400 vào tháng 9 năm 2013."	Legit
Business	Tại sao Thung lũng Silicon không chiến đấu để cứu Internet (chưa)	"Chúng tôi nghĩ rằng chúng tôi sẽ không bao giờ phải rút lại điều này nữa, một thành viên của nhóm hoạt động ca hát đã nói trong một cuộc biểu tình của ngành công nghệ chống lại Tổng thống Trump ở San Francisco hồi đầu tháng này. Sau đó, Grannies tung ra bài hát phản kháng của họ: Nói với Comcast với Verizon và với ATT: Bỏ qua Internet thì phải miễn phí. ""Tiếng hô vang lên trong cuộc biểu tình khi tập trung chủ yếu vào cuộc chiến của Thung lũng Silicon với Trump về lệnh cấm du lịch Nó cũng nổi bật như một trong những khoảnh khắc kể từ khi ông Trump nhậm chức khi tính trung lập ròng chiếm vị trí trung tâm ở Thung lũng Silicon. Các quy tắc trung lập ròng được Ủy ban Truyền thông Liên bang phê duyệt năm 2015 nhằm giữ cho Internet mở và công bằng. nhà cung cấp từ chơi yêu thích bằng cách cố tình tăng tốc hoặc làm chậm lưu lượng truy cập từ các trang web và ứng dụng cụ thể."	Legit
Business	Macron và Le Pen Spar	"Dự đoán cuộc bầu cử Pháp sẽ diễn ra ""Còn hơn ba tuần nữa mới diễn ra vòng bầu cử đầu tiên Marine Le Pen và Emmanuel Macron đã tranh cử như họ là những ứng cử viên duy nhất còn lại trong cuộc đua trở thành tổng thống tiếp theo của Pháp. -euro Le Pen và trung tâm Macron vượt xa hơn 5 điểm so với đối thủ gần nhất của họ cho hai vị trí trong cuộc tranh cử vào ngày 7 tháng 5, những người đi trước đã giao dịch barbs vào cuối tuần khi các ứng cử viên khác mờ dần vào nền. Macron gọi Le Pen a ""một kẻ nói dối"" về một cam kết để loại bỏ nhập cư trong khi người theo chủ nghĩa dân tộc miêu tả đối thủ của cô là một con rối của giới thượng lưu Pháp."	Legit
Business	"Ford đã bị Donald Trump buộc phải rút khỏi kế hoạch xây dựng một nhà máy mới ở Mexico, nơi sẽ cung cấp hàng trăm việc làm và giảm bớt khó khăn trong một thị trấn nhỏ ở Mexico. Áp lực từ tân tổng thống đồng nghĩa với việc Ford sẽ thay vào đó nâng cấp ba nhà máy ở Michigan, tạo ra 130 việc làm. Một phát ngôn viên rõ ràng thất vọng cho Ford cho biết công ty sẽ sử dụng phần lớn người nhập cư Mexico trong lực lượng lao động tăng cường của mình để cố gắng khắc phục sự không công bằng khi hủy bỏ kế hoạch của họ ở Mexico. Một Donald Trump vui mừng đã tweet một hàng mặt cười và ""Tôi là người chiến thắng"" khi tin tức được công bố."	Sàn giao dịch chứng khoán Luân Đôn đã bỏ kế hoạch sáp nhập với Deutshe Boerse. LSE cho biết đầu tuần này rằng thỏa thuận này gần như là một thỏa thuận được thực hiện và họ đang thực hiện các bước cuối cùng để đạt được giải phóng mặt bằng của Ủy ban châu Âu. Ủy ban đã yêu cầu LSE giữ 70% cổ phần trong MTS một sàn giao dịch thu nhập cố định. LSE rất vui mừng về yêu cầu này. Họ tin rằng nó sẽ giúp giảm lợi nhuận được báo cáo trong năm 2016. LSE cho biết lợi nhuận của họ đã giảm từ 623,1m xuống còn 516,4 triệu trong năm qua. Họ đang hy vọng sẽ hoàn tất việc sáp nhập trong vài tuần tới và ngay sau khi thấy lợi nhuận của họ bắt đầu tăng lên.	Fake
Business	Ả Rập Saudi tăng thuế suất	"""Ả Rập Saudi đã gây ra một sự khuấy động lớn bằng cách tăng thuế suất đối với công ty dầu khí quốc gia, Saudi Aramco, dầu từ 50% đến 75%. Ả Rập Saudi đã đảm bảo rằng đây là cách duy nhất để họ có thể phá vỡ ngay cả khi sự bất ổn tài chính gia tăng Điều đó đang đến gần đất nước. Sự gia tăng thuế khổng lồ đã tạo ra một mối lo ngại lớn về việc vương quốc có thể xử lý tài chính của họ như thế nào. Ả Rập Xê Út đã nói rằng họ đã tăng thuế đối với Saudi Aramco để tạo ra nhiều tiền mặt hơn vào thời điểm doanh thu dầu lao dốc. một lỗ hổng trong ngân sách của họ. """	Fake
Business	House gửi dự luật bảo vệ quyền riêng tư trên Internet cho Trump	Quốc hội đã gửi đề xuất luật lên Tổng thống Trump vào thứ ba, xóa sạch các biện pháp bảo vệ quyền riêng tư trực tuyến mang tính bước ngoặt trong những gì có khả năng trở thành một sự sửa đổi đáng kể các quy tắc kiểm soát truy cập Internet trong kỷ nguyên thống trị của đảng Cộng hòa. Trong một cuộc bỏ phiếu trực tuyến, đảng Cộng hòa Hạ viện đã giải phóng các nhà cung cấp dịch vụ Internet như Verizon ATT và Comcast khỏi các hạn chế được phê duyệt năm ngoái đã tìm cách hạn chế những gì công ty có thể làm với thông tin như dữ liệu lịch sử sử dụng ứng dụng thói quen của khách hàng và số An sinh xã hội. Các quy tắc cũng đã yêu cầu các nhà cung cấp tăng cường bảo vệ dữ liệu của khách hàng chống lại tin tặc và kẻ trộm.	Legit
Business	Spat điện Đức với Đan Mạch giữ vững thương mại thị trường	Một cuộc đấu tranh kéo dài giữa Đan Mạch và Đức về dây cáp điện nối các quốc gia đã cắt giảm lượng điện mà các nhà sản xuất Bắc Âu có thể cung cấp cho thị trường lớn nhất châu Âu xuống mức thấp nhất trong 17 năm. Đức đã cắt giảm năng lực nhập khẩu từ đại lục Đan Mạch trung bình 89% vào năm ngoái, kể từ khi thị trường điện giữa các quốc gia bắt đầu vào năm 2000. Đó là hậu quả của Energiewende chưa từng có của Thủ tướng Angela Merkel: sự chuyển đổi sang năng lượng gió và năng lượng mặt trời có nghĩa là tăng sản lượng năng lượng tái tạo làm cho lưới điện của quốc gia khó xử lý điện của mình chứ đừng nói đến việc nhập khẩu. Tranh chấp đang làm suy yếu mục tiêu của Liên minh châu Âu là phá vỡ các rào cản quốc gia về quyền lực để tăng cường an ninh năng lượng và cắt giảm chi phí thông qua giao dịch xuyên biên giới. Các cuộc thảo luận giữa Đức và Đan Mạch đã xôn xao khi không có nghị quyết nào nổi lên từ cuộc họp mới nhất của họ về vấn đề này ở Berlin tuần trước.	Legit
Business	Các cuộc đàm phán Brexit sẽ thất bại nếu không có sự thỏa hiệp: Jose Manuel Barroso	"Các cuộc đàm phán Brexit đang trên đường thất bại trừ khi cả Anh và Liên minh châu Âu từ bỏ cách tiếp cận toàn thắng của họ đối với các cuộc đàm phán sắp tới, cựu chủ tịch ủy ban châu Âu, ông Jose Manuel Barroso đã nói. Chỉ còn vài ngày nữa là Theresa May chính thức thông báo cho Brussels về ý định rời khỏi EU, người tiền nhiệm của Jean-Claude Junck, cho biết hai bên đang chơi một trò chơi nguy hiểm. Thủ tướng của Vương quốc Anh cho biết bà tin rằng ""không có thỏa thuận nào tốt hơn một thỏa thuận xấu"" và một số người trong nội các của bà đã công khai nói về viễn cảnh bỏ đi khỏi bàn đàm phán."	Legit
Business	Các ngân hàng Anh yêu cầu lập kế hoạch cho thấy họ đã chuẩn bị cho Brexit	"Ngân hàng Anh đã yêu cầu các công ty bảo hiểm của Anh và các tổ chức tài chính khác vạch ra kế hoạch toàn diện về cách họ sẽ đối phó với việc Anh rời khỏi Liên minh châu Âu và sẽ xem xét kỹ lưỡng họ. Hai ngày trước khi chính phủ của Theresa May lên kế hoạch kích hoạt điều 50 và bắt đầu hai năm đàm phán về sự ra đi của Vương quốc Anh, Ngân hàng cho biết các tổ chức Thành phố sẽ phải cung cấp các bản sao kế hoạch dự phòng để trấn an các nhà quản lý rằng họ đã sẵn sàng cho ""một loạt các kết quả có thể xảy ra"". Ủy ban chính sách tài chính của Ngân hàng (FPC) cho biết sau cuộc họp hàng quý vừa qua: ""Rủi ro đối với sự ổn định tài chính sẽ bị ảnh hưởng bởi sự ngăn nắp của việc điều chỉnh mối quan hệ mới giữa Anh và EU. FPC sẽ giám sát các kế hoạch dự phòng để giảm thiểu rủi ro đối với tài chính sự ổn định khi quá trình mở ra."	Legit
Business	American Airlines có những chiếc máy bay cũ từ China Southern để bay nội địa	"""American Airlines đã đồng ý mua Boeing 747 của hãng hàng không lớn nhất Trung Quốc để sử dụng trong nước đặc biệt là ở khu vực Caribbean. Hãng hàng không Mỹ sẽ mua 50 chiếc máy bay trị giá 20m. China Southern là hãng hàng không mới nhất của Trung Quốc mang về cho nhà đầu tư từ bên ngoài đại lục. Thỏa thuận sẽ cung cấp cho American Airlines nhiều khả năng hơn để giảm chi phí và tạo ra nhiều lựa chọn đường bay hơn cho những người đi và đến Flo Rida. Trung Quốc là một trong những nguồn máy bay được sử dụng lớn nhất tới Mỹ kể từ khi các tàu sân bay Trung Quốc tích cực mở rộng đội tàu của họ và một loạt các điểm đến ở nước ngoài để phục vụ cho sự tăng trưởng mạnh mẽ về số lượng khách du lịch. """	Fake
Business	Westinghouse của Toshiba tạo ra thị trường việc làm thịnh vượng cho công dân Hoa Kỳ	"Với việc Trump hứa sẽ mang việc làm trở lại Mỹ, Westinghouse của Toshiba đang cho thấy ông đang làm điều đó như thế nào với các dự án đơn vị hạt nhân của họ ở Georgia và Nam Carolina. Công ty mẹ có trụ sở tại Nhật Bản rất vui mừng khi thấy lợi nhuận của họ từ các đơn vị Mỹ vượt quá 9,1 tỷ đô la Mỹ trong 4 năm tới trong khi sử dụng hơn 1000 công nhân; nếu bà Obama giành được chức chủ tịch, chính sách của bà có thể khiến nhà máy nộp đơn xin bảo hộ phá sản. Westinghouse cũng có một hoạt động tại Vương quốc Anh cũng đang phát triển mạnh nhờ ""Brexit""."	Fake
Business	Giám đốc điều hành Amazon đang hướng đến mặt trăng	Jeff Bezos đã xác nhận vào thứ Sáu rằng anh sẽ tham gia vào nhiệm vụ được tài trợ đầu tiên của Amazon lên mặt trăng. Bạn có thể tin được không	Fake
Business	Doanh số bán lẻ của Anh đã giảm bớt nỗi lo Brexit với sự gia tăng của tháng Hai	Các nhà bán lẻ của Anh đã nhận được sự nghỉ ngơi sau chuỗi thua lỗ hai tháng khi chi tiêu trong các cửa hàng trên đường phố cao và trực tuyến bị trả lại vào tháng Hai. Văn phòng Thống kê Quốc gia cho biết khối lượng bán lẻ đã tăng 1,4% vào tháng 1 và cao hơn 3,7% so với tháng 2 năm 2016. Đồng bảng Anh tăng giá trên thị trường tiền tệ sau khi tin tức về sự gia tăng được công bố nhưng ONS cho biết sự phục hồi đã không thể phục hồi tất cả mặt đất bị mất vào tháng 12 và tháng 1 Nó lưu ý rằng chi tiêu đã bị hạn chế bởi giá xăng dầu cao hơn. Trong ba tháng đến tháng Hai - được coi là một hướng dẫn tốt hơn cho xu hướng cơ bản so với con số hàng tháng - doanh số thấp hơn 1,4% so với quý kết thúc vào tháng 11.	Legit
Business	Tin tức mới nhất: Snapchat mua Twitter với giá 255 tỷ đồng	Yahoo và AOL có thể cực kỳ phổ biến trong thập kỷ tới và doanh thu dự kiến sẽ tăng vọt vào năm 2020. Dự báo này dựa trên các nhà quảng cáo nhắm đến đối tượng trẻ hơn. Một nửa số người dùng dưới 30 tuổi so với facebook và google bao gồm thị trường cũ hơn, theo bài đăng phân tích gần đây của Washington Post. Facebook và google sẽ được thử thách. Các thông lệ quảng cáo hiện tại đã nhận được sự chỉ trích cực đoan, gã khổng lồ web hiện đang nắm giữ 50% cổ phần trong thị trường quảng cáo toàn cầu và hiện đang chứng kiến sự sụt giảm nhỏ trong người dùng của họ.	Fake
Business	KIỂM TRA DỮ LIỆU LỚN	Chính phủ và Thung lũng Silicon đang tìm cách làm nô lệ cho chúng tôi. Các công ty như Mint và Betterment tham gia vào đó, thực sự họ là phần nổi của tảng băng chìm.	Fake
Business	Thung lũng Silicon đang đấu tranh để đóng cửa Internet	Tại một cuộc biểu tình của Trump, các nhà lãnh đạo ngành công nghiệp Comcast đến Verizon và ATT tuyên bố rằng họ sẽ cấm cùng nhau đóng cửa vĩnh viễn internet để hỗ trợ Trump. Thung lũng Silicon đã tuyên bố rằng làn sóng ủng hộ của Trump nên tạo ra internet của riêng họ và xây dựng một bức tường xung quanh đó. Ủy ban Truyền thông Liên bang cũng ủng hộ ý tưởng chỉ cho phép những người không ủng hộ Trump sử dụng internet trong tương lai. Các quy tắc đã được đưa ra để lấy và các nhà lãnh đạo đang đưa ra tuyên bố có ý nghĩa đối với hầu hết mọi người và phần lớn sự ủng hộ từ công chúng. Sự thiên vị ở đất nước này cần phải được đối mặt và nó đang bắt đầu ở Thung lũng Silicon California.	Fake
Business	Hàng triệu công nhân Anh có nguy cơ bị thay thế bởi robot	"nghiên cứu cho biết ""Hơn 10 triệu công nhân ở Anh có nguy cơ cao bị thay thế bởi robot trong vòng 15 năm do việc tự động hóa các công việc thường ngày tập hợp trong thời đại máy móc mới. Báo cáo của công ty tư vấn PwC cho thấy 30% việc làm ở Anh Báo cáo dự đoán rằng tự động hóa sẽ tăng năng suất và tạo ra cơ hội việc làm mới nhưng cần phải hành động để ngăn chặn sự bất bình đẳng sẽ dẫn đến Từ robot ngày càng được sử dụng cho các nhiệm vụ kỹ năng thấp. PwC cho biết 2,25 triệu việc làm có rủi ro cao trong bán buôn và bán lẻ - lĩnh vực sử dụng hầu hết mọi người ở Anh - và 1,2 triệu người đang bị đe dọa trong việc sản xuất 1,1 triệu dịch vụ hành chính và hỗ trợ và 950 000 trong vận chuyển và lưu trữ."	Legit
Business	House gửi hóa đơn quay trở lại bảo vệ khiêu dâm Internet cho Trump	Luật pháp được ban hành vào năm ngoái để bảo vệ phim khiêu dâm trên Internet sẽ bị hủy bỏ nếu Tổng thống Trump phê chuẩn dự luật do Quốc hội gửi cho ông vào thứ ba. Điều này có thể đưa ra xu hướng hạn chế chặt chẽ hơn đối với ngành công nghiệp khiêu dâm Internet trong thời kỳ Cộng hòa thống trị ở Washington, DC Việc bỏ phiếu trực tuyến cho phép các nhà cung cấp Internet chặn một số trang web khiêu dâm và thu thập và bán số lượng An sinh xã hội của khách hàng cố gắng truy cập các trang web này. Thói quen duyệt web của khách hàng có thể được bán theo luật mới mà không có kiến thức hoặc sự chấp thuận của khách hàng và những nỗ lực của họ để truy cập các trang web khiêu dâm, thành công hay không, sẽ được ghi vào hồ sơ cố định của họ bằng số An sinh xã hội.	Fake
Business	Sàn giao dịch chứng khoán Luân Đôn-Deutsche Boerse bị chặn bởi EU	"Các nhà quản lý EU đã chặn sáp nhập 21 tỷ bảng của Sở giao dịch chứng khoán Luân Đôn với sàn giao dịch chứng khoán Đức Deutsche Boerse. Ủy ban châu Âu cho biết thỏa thuận này sẽ tạo ra một ""sự độc quyền trên thực tế"" đối với một số dịch vụ tài chính. Việc sáp nhập sẽ kết hợp hai nhà khai thác chứng khoán lớn nhất châu Âu. Tập đoàn giao dịch chứng khoán London cho biết họ ""hối tiếc"" quyết định của ủy ban vì thỏa thuận này sẽ tạo ra một công ty thị trường tài chính ""hàng đầu thế giới"". Nó đã cảnh báo vào tháng trước rằng thỏa thuận này khó có thể nhận được sự chấp thuận của EU đối với những lo ngại rằng nó sẽ hạn chế cạnh tranh. Công ty điều hành các sàn giao dịch chứng khoán của Anh và Ý đã đề nghị bán nhà thanh toán bù trừ có trụ sở tại Pháp để giải quyết những lo ngại đó. Tuy nhiên, Ủy ban Châu Âu đã quyết định rằng phương thuốc này không đi đủ xa. Margrethe Vestager, ủy viên phụ trách chính sách cạnh tranh cho biết: ""Nền kinh tế châu Âu phụ thuộc vào thị trường tài chính hoạt động tốt."	Legit
Business	Tesco phải trả khoản tiền phạt 129 triệu bảng vì vụ bê bối kế toán	Tesco sẽ chi ra số tiền £ 235 triệu để giải quyết các cuộc điều tra của Văn phòng gian lận nghiêm trọng và Cơ quan quản lý tài chính về vụ bê bối kế toán năm 2014 làm rung chuyển nhà bán lẻ lớn nhất nước Anh. Nó sẽ trả tiền phạt 129 triệu bảng như một phần của thỏa thuận truy tố trì hoãn (DPA) với SFO mặc dù thỏa thuận này cần có sự chấp thuận của tòa án. DPA liên quan đến công ty con Tesco Tesco Stores Ltd., tập đoàn siêu thị đã thỏa thuận riêng với FCA để trả khoảng 85 triệu bảng tiền bồi thường cho các nhà đầu tư bị ảnh hưởng bởi một tuyên bố giao dịch vào ngày 29 tháng 8 năm 2014 về lợi nhuận vượt mức. Tesco cũng sẽ trả chi phí pháp lý liên quan đến các thỏa thuận và cho biết tổng chi phí đặc biệt dự kiến là 235 triệu bảng.	Legit
Business	Macron và Le Pen Fight for Votes	"Dự đoán cuộc bầu cử Pháp sẽ diễn ra ""Với hơn bốn tuần nữa sẽ diễn ra trước vòng bỏ phiếu thứ hai Marine Le Pen và Emmanuel Macron đã tranh cử như họ là những ứng cử viên duy nhất còn lại trong cuộc đua trở thành tổng thống tiếp theo của Pháp. -euro Le Pen và trung tâm Macron vượt xa hơn hai mươi điểm so với người thách đấu gần nhất của họ cho hai vị trí trong cuộc tranh cử vào ngày 7 tháng 5, những người đi trước đã giao dịch barbs vào cuối tuần khi các ứng cử viên khác mờ dần vào nền. Macron gọi Le Pen a ""một người đàn ông tốt, nhưng là một kẻ nói dối kinh niên"" về một cam kết xóa bỏ thuế trong khi người theo chủ nghĩa dân tộc miêu tả đối thủ của cô là một con rối của giới thượng lưu Pháp. Trên đài phát thanh châu Âu vào hôm thứ Hai, cô nói rằng anh ta rất mềm mỏng trong việc di cư. """	Fake
Business	Các ngân hàng và công ty công nghệ chiến đấu với thứ gì đó Akin thành vàng: Dữ liệu của bạn	Các ngân hàng lớn và Thung lũng Silicon đang tiến hành một cuộc chiến leo thang về dữ liệu tài chính cá nhân của bạn: hóa đơn ăn tối của bạn đêm qua thanh toán thế chấp hàng tháng của bạn với lãi suất bạn phải trả. Các công ty công nghệ như Mint và Betterment đã háo hức thu thập dữ liệu này chủ yếu bằng cách xây dựng các dịch vụ cho phép mọi người liên kết tất cả các thông tin tài khoản ngân hàng và thẻ tín dụng khác nhau của họ. Điểm bán hàng là để làm cho ngân sách và sổ sách kế toán dễ dàng hơn. Nhưng dữ liệu cũng đang được sử dụng để cung cấp các loại cho vay và sản phẩm đầu tư mới. Bây giờ các ngân hàng đã quyết định họ không để dữ liệu đi mà không cần chiến đấu. Trong những tuần gần đây, một số ngân hàng lớn đã nỗ lực hạn chế việc chia sẻ loại dữ liệu này với các công ty công nghệ theo các công ty công nghệ. Trong một số trường hợp, họ từ chối chuyển thông tin như phí và lãi suất mà họ tính. Cả hai bên đều thấy số tiền lớn được tạo ra từ hàng loạt thông tin cá nhân được tạo ra bởi các giao dịch tài chính.	Legit
Celebrity		Does Drake's New Single Mean He's Already Done  ith His Most Recent Album?	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie & Amal Alamuddin: It's  ar!	 hen George and Amal Clooney celebrated their wedding for a second time on Oct. 25, there was once again two very noticeable guests missing - Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie were nowhere to be seen!	Fake
Celebrity	A Thing For Blondes? Brad Pitt Is Ready To Move On  ith Margot Robbie	Is Brad Pitt back to blondes? Shortly after his split with Angelina Jolie, rumors swirled about Pitt’s on-set chemistry with Allied actress Marion Cotillard. Linked to many of his co-stars throughout his long career, including his soon-to-be ex, it’s no wonder Jolie wasn’t keen to have him work with blonde bombshell, Margot Robbie. A source exclusive to OK! reports, “He thinks she’s the hottest girl in Hollywood right now.” According to the source, the 41 year old actor and President of Plan B Films has “tried to woo her for numerous movie projects. This was a sore subject with Angie who blocked them from working together a few times. Now he’s single again you can expect Brad to go after Margot with a passion.” And who could blame him? The 26 year old Australian beauty has been dubbed “the new Angelina Jolie,” stirring fear in the hearts of celebrity wives. She has her own reputation for on-set chemistry with married actors including  ill Smith.  ith hot and heavy sex scenes and photos surfacing of them looking cozy off camera, Smith himself had to address the rumors on twitter, “It’s disappointing that goofing around on set could be taken so out of context.”	Fake
Celebrity	Tom Hiddleston Stunned Taylor Swift Referenced Him On New Album: Here’s  hy	 hile most of the people who are or were in Taylor Swift’s life most likely knew they’d be called out on her album, Tom Hiddleston thought he was safe! But, is ex mentioned him in T O tracks! Here’s what he thinks …	Fake
Celebrity	JENNIFER ANISTON HINTS AT FRIENDS REUNION	"Jennifer Aniston is making Friends fans very happy! The actress hinted she would be open to appearing in a reunion of the hit NBC show. ""The only thing I can think of doing is maybe for fun doing a Thanksgiving episode,"" Aniston said on a British talk show. However, a spokeswoman for  arner Bros., the studio that produced Friends, told the New York Post that there has been no preliminary discussions about a Friends reunion show."	Fake
Celebrity	Lindsay Lohan: Starlet Lusting After Vladimir Putin!	"LiLo's suddenly aimed her fiery eyes at ""Kremlin Krotch,"" telling pals she's gonna bed and wed notorious Soviet strongman Vladimir Putin - and then be officially crowned ""Princess Pootie-Tang of Russia!"""	Fake
Celebrity	Scientology Showdown! Katie Holmes & Jenna Elfman Caught In Awkward 'GMA' Run-In	For once, the drama at Good Morning America wasn't involving Robin Roberts and her new arch-nemesis, Michael Strahan.	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye  est  ants to Enter Cosmetics Business Like Kylie	Kanye  est wants to go head-to-head with his famous sister-in-law ... diving head first into the cosmetic biz dominated by Kylie Jenner.	Fake
Celebrity	Dancing with the Stars 2017 Cast Includes Charo, Bonner Bolton, Heather Morris & More!	" ho's on Dancing with the Stars? Let's find out! The new Dancing with the Stars 2017 cast was announced on Good Morning America! The Season 24 contestants debuted on the Season Premiere, which also marked the 400th episode of Dancing with the Stars. The show airs MONDAYS 8|7c on ABC. This season's lineup includes Bonner Bolton, Mr. T, Olympians Simone Biles and Nancy Kerrigan, Heather Morris and the original ""Cuchi-Cuchi"" girl, Charo, just to name just a few. Check out the full Dancing with the Stars cast below after you enjoy the amazing opening number from the Season 24 Premiere!"	Legit
Celebrity	Kirsten Dunst explains why she was crying on the Cannes 2017 red carpet	Kirsten Dunst was spotted mysteriously crying on the red carpet at this year’s Cannes Film Festival, and now it seems we have an explanation to the sudden outburst.	Legit
Celebrity	Inside Beyoncé's baby shower	Don't act like you didn't know Beyoncé was going to shut it down when it came to her baby shower.	Legit
Celebrity	Prince - The Truth Behind His Drug Overdose	"As The ENQUIRER reported, Prince had been diagnosed with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, in the 1990s. The Jehovah's  itness chose not to fight the deadly disease with medications due to his faith, believing ""God will save me!"" Six months ago, he was told by doctors he had full-blown AIDS and had just six months to live, sources said. ""He couldn't take the pain the disease was causing him in its last stages,"" an insider told The ENQUIRER. ""And he didn't want to just slowly waste away!"""	Fake
Celebrity	Blake Lively on  omen in Hollywood, Directing and Possible ‘Gossip Girl’ Reunion	As one of Variety’s Power of  omen honorees, Blake Lively will attend a lunch on Friday in support of Child Rescue Coalition. For this week’s issue, the actress spoke about women in Hollywood, shooting in New York for “Gossip Girl,” and what she looks for in a role.	Legit
Celebrity	Nicole Kidman Finally Admits To Botox	As far as we can tell, Botox tops the list of celebrity guilty pleasures: Everybody does it, but nobody talks about it. Except Nicole Kidman, that is.	Legit
Celebrity	Tom Cruise awkwardly swerves question about daughter Suri	Tom Cruise politely responded to a question about daughter Suri at his Mummy premiere last night, but didn't appear comfortable enough talking about her to elaborate on the answer.	Legit
Celebrity	Yes, Kim Kardashian And Kanye  est Are Signing A Prenup, But Guess  ho Is  orth More	The fact that Kim Kardashian and Kanye  est plan to sign a prenuptial agreement probably won't come as a surprise to many, but recent claims on who is worth more probably will.	Legit
Celebrity	Caitlyn Jenner: false rumors around her, her strained family ties and her candid memoir! Read on it here! –	RadarOnline published a story about Caitlyn claiming that the transgender reality TV star and former decathlete is going online to explore her sexuality and has been enjoying a number of secret ‘cyber hookups’. The definition of ‘hookups’ has not been clarified in the story. But the report states that Caitlyn Jenner has been into online romances without any offline interactions with the clients. The tabloid has quoted an insider as saying:	Legit
Celebrity	Aquaman actresses Nicole Kidman and Amber Heard feuding on DC movie set?	James  an started filming for Aquaman in Australia last month.  hile Jason Momoa and Mera actress Amber Heard have already shot their first scene together, Queen Atlanna actress Nicole Kidman reached a few days ago. Following her landing, there have reportedly been feud sparks on the sets.	Fake
Celebrity	Chelsea Handler Thinks 'It's Crazy' People Think Jennifer Aniston Cares About  hat's Going on Between Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt	Laughter is the best medicine when it comes to coping with rumors in Hollywood, at least for Chelsea Handler and bestie Jennifer Aniston.	Legit
Celebrity	Chelsea Handler Has Nothing Nice to Say About Ben Affleck (EXCLUSIVE)	Hoes over bros! Apparently, comedian Chelsea Handler takes that mantra to heart because she is ready to tear into her best friend, Jennifer Garner's ex, Ben Affleck. The 42-year-old is 100 percent #TeamJen in the Ben/Jen split — and honestly, can you blame her? In Touch has the exclusive scoop on what exactly Chelsea has in store for the Argo star.	Fake
Celebrity	Oscars: Mel Gibson, Casey Affleck and Hollywood's Sliding Scale of Moral Punishment	"The men's restroom of the Landmark Theatres in  est L.A. is as good a place as any to gauge the true sentiments of Oscar voters. Following a showing of Hacksaw Ridge a few Saturdays ago, I found myself washing my hands next to two gentlemen — both appeared to be about 63, the average age of Academy members, with one wearing a Kung Fu Panda 2 cap (the kind of hat a grown man doesn't wear unless he worked on the movie) discussing what they had just seen. ""Didn't want to like that one but ... ,"" the first man said, trailing off. ""But Mel can direct,"" the friend finished."	Legit
Celebrity	Vanessa Lachey breaks silence amid ‘D TS’ feud rumors	This dancing duo is trying to find their rhythm.	Legit
Celebrity	George Clooney's $220M  edding Disaster - Prenup Feud, Guest List Flub & Planner Quit!	George Clooney's upcoming nuptials to fiancee Amal Alamuddin is turning out to be disastrous - a prenup the couple has been arguing over, worries about a guest list feud and their wedding planner quitting - and the couple might not even make it down the aisle!	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian talks her surrogate	She's expecting her third child via surrogate.	Fake
Celebrity	Janet Jackson's Secret Plastic Surgery	Janet Jackson is tired of hiding her withered old lady hands under long sleeves and gloves — so now she’s giving them a makeover!	Fake
Celebrity	New father Ryan Gosling puffs on a cigarette as he films new movie The Nice Guys	Ryan Gosling on the set of his new film 'The Nice Guys' in Atlanta yesterday[AKM-GSI]	Legit
Celebrity	Social Media Addicted Kim Kardashian Slammed For Ignoring No-Phone Rule At Serena  illiams’  edding!	An insider told us that a babysitter followed the reality TV star to make sure she respected the rules. Serena  illiams and Alexis Ohanian’s wedding was one to remember for sure, and Kim Kardashian was also there. But as we’ve learned, the Keeping Up with the Kardashians celeb has trouble staying away from social media for too long.	Fake
Celebrity	Nicole Kidman Charmingly Bungles Through a Comment on Her Alexander Skarsgård Kiss at the Emmys	Ah, Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban. She, an Australian film fixture once married to Hollywood’s leading man. He, an Australian country singer with a Nashville heart. Together they are a bi-coastal, bi-country, bi-continent power couple. Go on, watch them walk down any red carpet together and try to remain uncharmed. They’re two charm factories who make distinctive hair choices! You have no chance! That’s why when she won best actress for her electric Big Little Lies role, and kissed her television husband, the very tall Alexander Skarsgård, on the lips while her actual husband looked lovingly on, everyone was like, “ hat? Huh? On the lips?”	Legit
Celebrity	 ATCH: Donald Trump's Ex- ife Marla Maples Gets Emotional About Life as a Single Mom on Dancing with the Stars	"""I just consider having a child the greatest gift in the world,"" Donald Trump's ex-wife says in a Dancing with the Stars preview clip exclusive to PEOPLE. ""Every single moment, the good, the challenging, the joyful, the painful, all of it is so important."""	Legit
Celebrity	'Fifty Shades Darker' Update: Jamie Dornan, Dakota Johnson split after feuding on set; Film's release delayed?	Fifty Shades Darker may now be in trouble with reported feuding between cast members Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson.	Fake
Celebrity		Kylie 'Fuming' Over 'Copycat' Sister Kim’s Perfume Launch	Fake
Celebrity	Does Madonna  ant To Send Rebellious Rocco To Military School?	The reason why Madonna's son Rocco bolted for his father's home is becoming clearer. It seems that Madonna is a bit more strict at home than one would imagine, and she wants to send son Rocco to military school. Rocco Ritchie, 15, does not want to go, and while on tour with Madonna, he ran off to live with his father.	Fake
Celebrity	Tyga Reveals Details About Kylie Jenner Breakup	In a new interview with Big Boy TV, Tyga-a month out from his split with Kylie Jenner-revealed new information about what led to the couple's demise.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian ‘Allergic’ To Jewelry After Traumatic Paris Robbery	Even though it’s been a while since then and we all thought the reality TV star was a lot better, it seems like the horrifying Paris robbery is very much still on Kim Kardashian’s mind.	Fake
Celebrity	Kris Jenner Is Concerned for Future Generations of Kardashians	Kris Jenner, mother of six and grandmother to six more, is a busy matriarch. Since the start of her family’s reality show in 2007, it’s clear that she’s been keeping one eye trained on the reality-TV circus and the other on how that circus affects her family. During a new reality-TV roundtable with The Hollywood Reporter, Jenner said she worries about how her six grandchildren will be affected by the family business.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber Asks 'Taylor Swift  hat Up' in Pic  ith Kanye  est	" e're not sure what it means yet, but on Tuesday morning (Aug. 2) Justin Bieber elicited more than 85,000 comments in just under six hours for a snap of himself in round John Lennon-style sunglasses FaceTiming with none other than Kanye  est. But it's the caption that has the Internet speculating: ""Taylor swift what up,"" Bieber wrote."	Legit
Celebrity	'Second Act' Cast Stars Milo Ventimiglia & Jennifer Lopez & No One Can Control Their Emotions	Get ready for one of the hottest movie couples ever... and it's a pretty unexpected one, too! TV heartthrob Milo Ventimiglia just signed on to Jennifer Lopez's upcoming romantic comedy, Second Act, and it sounds like we're going to see some sparks fly between them. Milo Ventimiglia will play J. Lo's boyfriend in the new movie, according to Variety, and the casting news has fans of the two stars shook.	Legit
Celebrity	Kevin Hart Begs  ife Eniko Parrish For Forgiveness  ith $250000 Push Gift	Kevin Hart is telling himself — nothing says “I am sorry for cheating and humiliating you” like a $250,000 gift.	Fake
Celebrity	Chris Pratt Snubs Justin Bieber Friendship	Do the stars that pray together play together? Not if they’re Justin Bieber and Chris Pratt!	Fake
Celebrity	Leah Remini Opens Up About Her Friendship  ith Jennifer Lopez And The Scientology Connection	Jennifer Lopez and ex-Scientologist Leah Remini are the best of friends. They have known each other for several years and have been through a lot. Come what may, their friendship weathers through. It has always seemed that Leah was the only one with a Church of Scientology connection, but that isn’t the case.	Fake
Celebrity	Prince  illiam & Kate Attend First Royal Garden Party of the Season	 ith warm weather comes one thing: garden parties!	Legit
Celebrity	Cameron Diaz	The Resume	Fake
Celebrity	Kevin Hart and  ife Eniko Parrish Share Sweet Photos of Baby Kenzo	Kevin Hart and wife Eniko Parrish shared an adorable photo of their newborn, Kenzo Kash Hart, and the parents couldn’t help but gush!	Legit
Celebrity	Biggest Costar Feuds and Fights Ever!	Costar conflicts!  hile celebs remain professional when the cameras are rolling, behind the scenes there are catfights, crying and eye-rolling.  hether they were forced to work together for several seasons of a hit TV show or a few months for a film, these stars just couldn't seem to get along.	Fake
Celebrity	Caitlyn Jenner: Robert Kardashian Believed O.J. Simpson Guilty of Murder	"Caitlyn Jenner’s forthcoming memoir, The Secrets of My Life, is billed as a book in which she ""reflects on her past as she looks to her future.""  hile she touches on a number of topics, such as her Olympic triumph and three failed marriages, the revelation that Robert Kardashian allegedly told her that he believed O.J. Simpson was guilty of killing Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman is making waves."	Legit
Celebrity	Claims Anne Hathaway made 'diva' demands at charity event	ANNE Hathaway has been accused of acting like a diva and submitting a long list of demands before a cancer charity event in Santa Monica earlier this month.	Fake
Celebrity	QUEEN BEY!! Beyonce Gets Taylor Swift BANNED From The VMAs	August 27, 2016: In case you were wondering who is the most important person in music – it's BEYONCE. Earlier this week it was announced that Taylor Swift would NOT be performing at this year's VMA Awards.  ell according to reports it was Beyonce who got Taylor banned.	Fake
Celebrity	Expectant Kylie Jenner Is An ‘Emotional  reck’  hile In Hiding, Source Reveals – ‘She Feels So Alone!’	 hat’s even worse is that her only real help, matriarch Kris Jenner doesn’t really have the time to deal with her youngest daughter’s drama. According to new reports, the stress of having to keep her pregnancy under wraps has been taking a toll on 20-year-old Kylie Jenner.	Fake
Celebrity	Fifty Shades Darker news: Jamie Dornan reveals TRUTH behind Dakota Johnson 'awkwardness'	FIFTY SHADES DARKER star Jamie Dornan has revealed what his relationship with co-star Dakota Johnson is really like - admitting the first film was a little on the bumpy side.	Legit
Celebrity	 hoopi Goldberg & New Host Rosie O'Donnell At  ar - Tension On 'The View,' Fighting Over Seating Arrangements	 ith only a few weeks until The View premieres with  hoopi Goldberg and Rosie O'Donnell, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that on the set, the two divas are already at a stand-off over who will get the moderator seat.	Fake
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs Take Cannes in His-and-Hers Dior	Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs rarely adhere to traditional rules of style, and when it was time for the pair to hit Cannes , they gave the red carpet a daring couples' moment.  earing his-and-hers Dior at the premiere of Pattinson’s latest film, Good Time , they showed two sides of the storied French brand, with Pattinson, a face of the label, going classic in a dapper three-piece Dior Homme black suit and Twigs opting for audacity in a postcard print-covered dress.	Legit
Celebrity	Chris Pratt and Anna Faris Are Definitely Raising a Theater Kid	Chris Pratt and Anna Faris’s four-year-old son, Jack, is growing up in what is, essentially, an immersive-theater class.  hen Pratt spoke to Ellen DeGeneres on her talk show Friday, he said that he and Faris, both professional actors, take parenting, specifically story time, very seriously.	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie on Cambodia 'awakening'	"Angelina Jolie has spoken about how Cambodia was her ""awakening"", as she premiered her new film in the country."	Legit
Celebrity		Pregnant Kylie Jenner Is 'Very Self-Conscious' About Her Changing Body, Says Source	Fake
Celebrity	2015 Daytime Emmy Awards: Betty  hite, Ellen DeGeneres & More  inners	Rise and shine TV lovers! It's time to celebrate the best in daytime.	Legit
Celebrity	Laverne Cox and Rob Lowe applaud Caitlyn Jenner for ESPYS speech	Celebrities including LAVERNE COX, ROB LO E and RUSSELL SIMMONS have taken to social media to congratulate CAITLYN JENNER for her powerful acceptance speech at the ESPYS on  ednesday night (15Jul15).	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Gets a Surprise Visit From Hillary Clinton	Hillary Clinton recently paid a visit to the Queen ... Bey, that is!	Fake
Celebrity	"Leonardo DiCaprio Also Enjoyed Staring at ""Salvator Mundi,"" $100 Million da Vinci"	One might not normally expect to find Leonardo DiCaprio , Patti Smith , Alex Rodriguez, and Jennifer Lopez at the same party (well, the last two, perhaps), but this weekend, all four were among the estimated 4,500 attendees of an auction preview at Christie’s. There, they had the chance to get eyes on “Salvator Mundi,” a Leonardo da Vinci painting previously thought lost that is being touted as “ The Last da Vinci ” leading up to its auction tonight.	Legit
Celebrity	Has Tom Hiddleston's 'Embarrassing' Romance  ith Taylor Swift Cost Him a Job?	"Yikes, Tom Hiddleston and Taylor Swift's romance (showmance?) really isn't having the effect that their PR teams had hoped for, with Tom reportedly losing a huge contract due to the ""embarrassing"" display."	Fake
Celebrity	Scarlett Johansson's New Man Has Confirmed They Are Dating	From the editors of HelloGiggles	Legit
Celebrity	Kathy Griffin predicts career is over, says Trump 'broke me'	Embattled comedian Kathy Griffin says she's not afraid of Donald Trump and plans to keep making fun of him but maintained that she's sorry for a video that depicted her holding a likeness of the president's severed, bloody head.	Legit
Celebrity	Rebounding Revenge! Selena Gomez And Orlando Bloom Are Hooking Up To Make Miranda Kerr And Justin Bieber Jealous?!	This weekend wasn't the first time we saw Selena Gomez and Orlando Bloom together, so can you blame us for speculating???!	Fake
Celebrity	Kevin Hart and Eniko Parrish welcome baby	The comedian tweeted Tuesday that his wife, Eniko Parrish, had given birth to their son.	Legit
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson Finally Has Successful Movie - Twilight Curse Over? | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Robert Pattinson is elated at the success of his upcoming film, “Good Time”. The film premiered at Cannes Film Festival and the movie and actor received a six-minute standing ovation. There is also Oscar buzz surrounding Robert, with some speculating he could receive a Best Actor nomination.	Fake
Celebrity	Jim Carrey On Another Planet! Thinks Alien Reptiles Rule Earth	Comic Jim Carrey is secretly a follower of a kooky conspiracy nut who believes alien reptiles run the world! Even nuttier, the Dumb and Dumber star plans to go public with his commitment to whack job David Icke’s bizarre theory!	Fake
Celebrity	Victoria Beckham's big fashion guide: Posh Spice to write book telling Brits how to dress	Posh is set to release the book next year to mark 10 years in the fashion business. The Spice Girl-turned-designer is said to have teamed up with US Vogue editor Anna  intour. The pair have become close friends in recent years, with  intour said to be the driving force behind the guide.	Fake
Celebrity	Mehgan James Speaks Out On Rob Kardashian Dating Rumors	"Has Rob Kardashian found a new boo in Bad Girls Club alum Mehgan James? Media outlets began reporting last week that Rob and Mehgan were in the ""early stages"" in their relationship, with an anonymous insider telling In Touch, ""Rob's been seeing Mehgan James for almost three months, and most of the Kardashians are very upset about it because Mehgan is known for being out of control and volatile. The Kardashians want Rob to find a woman who is kind and calm."""	Legit
Celebrity	Is Leonardo DiCaprio losing interest in love life amid midlife crisis?	The Titanic star's name has recently been dragged by a magazine and claimed the 43-year-old star is becoming anti-social day by day.	Fake
Celebrity	Kris Jenner Just Broke Her Silence On Kylie's Pregnancy	If you didn't already know that Kylie Jenner is pregnant, well, let me be the first to tell you: Kylie Jenner is pregnant!	Legit
Celebrity	Sour Note! Zayn Forced Into Disastrous Duet  ith Taylor	RadarOnline.com has learned Zayn Malik and Taylor Swift’s Fifty Shades Darker duet only came about after he was forced to collaborate with the superstar.	Fake
Celebrity	Brad Pitt Struggles To Smile At Hollywood Event  hile Custody Battle  ears Him Down	After a long court battle with his former wife Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt showed up with a relax and smiling aura in Malibu on Saturday night.	Fake
Celebrity	"Julia Roberts and Danny Moder May Be Headed for Divorce: ""The Problems Keep Piling Up"""	Say it ain't so!	Fake
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner  ants to Break Free From the Kardashian Clan	Kendall Jenner is ready to move on from her famous family! In Touch has exclusively learned that the 18-year-old model wants out of the Kardashians to further her own career.	Fake
Celebrity	Jessica Simpson Flashes Her Butt for Eric Johnson's Birthday: Pic	Less is more! Jessica Simpson celebrated her husband Eric Johnson’s 38th birthday by sharing a racy tribute to Instagram on Sunday, September 17.	Legit
Celebrity	Melania's camp denies US  eekly's 'separate bed' report	Melania Trump has issued her own executive order: She refuses to share a bed with Donald Trump.	Legit
Celebrity	Mariah Carey in talks for The X Factor - report	Mariah Carey is in talks to join The X Factor judging panel.	Legit
Celebrity	Chris Hemsworth's, Charlize Theron’s Kids Played Together on ‘Huntsman’ Set	A pretty awesome playdate! Chris Hemsworth and Charlize Theron revealed that they both brought their kids to work while they were filming The Huntsman:  inter’s  ar, and it totally changed the dynamics of the set.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston: I'm Not a 'Sad, Childless Human'	Jennifer Aniston has no doubt that husband Justin Theroux is the one for her.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston wants to set up a wellness centre	Jennifer Aniston wants to open a wellness centre in the future. The space would house treatments, as well as a healthy cafe.	Legit
Celebrity	Brad Pitt Texts Jennifer Aniston Nonstop: Seeks Intense Emotional Support After Angelina Jolie Divorce! | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston have reportedly gotten back in touch through texting, even though sources from both sides are falling over themselves to clarify that it's 'just texting' and not anything more serious.	Fake
Celebrity	 hat Cher Actually Eats in a Day to Stay So Unbelievably Fit	At the Billboard Music Awards, Cher took the stage to perform two of her greatest hits, and we were amazed by how incredible the Billboard Icon Award recipient looks at age 71.	Legit
Celebrity	Kate Middleton & Prince  illiam Try To Save Crumbling Marriage?	If true, rumors have it that it may be Prince  illiam's grandmother Queen Elizabeth's doing. It has been reported previously that she does not like Kate's commoner ways.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift Cries During Selena Gomez's Heartbreaking AMA Performance, Gets Some Serious Side Eye	"Taylor Swift was moved to tears by Selena Gomez's debut performance of ""The Heart  ants  hat It  ants"" at the 2014 American Music Awards."	Legit
Celebrity	Prince  illiam and Kate Middleton Moving Out Of Kensington Palace? | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Prince  illiam and Kate Middleton are already thinking about moving out of Kensington Palace. That’s because  illiam doesn’t want his children Prince George and Princess Charlotte to grow up behind palace walls. Instead, he wants them to live a life out of the spotlight and as far away from the paparazzi as possible.	Fake
Celebrity	"Brad Pitt Is ""Still in Contact""  ith Ex Jennifer Aniston Following Angelina Jolie Divorce (REPORT)"	Talk about friendly exes!	Fake
Celebrity	 hat’s Kanye  est’s Next Move?	There’s something missing. Can you feel it? A slight twinge in the universe, quick and subtle, but a definite sign that something in the world just shifted. Ah, here’s what it is—Kanye  est just deleted his Twitter and Instagram accounts.	Legit
Celebrity	Here's How Kim Kardashian  est, Kanye  est, and North  est Do  eekend Style at the Mall	Between trips to Paris Fashion  eek and Ikea's HQ in Sweden, the  ests have had a busy week. But like most families, they prefer to do weekends closer to home, and paid a visit to their local mall in Los Angeles yesterday, stopping by the Build-A-Bear  orkshop in coordinating outfits.	Legit
Celebrity	Miranda Lambert  rites Loving Post for 2-Year Anniversary with Boyfriend Anderson East	Miranda Lambert marked her second anniversary with Anderson East Tuesday by sharing a sweet snap on Instagram of herself and her musical beau sharing a kiss.	Legit
Celebrity	YOUNG M.A SAYS NICKI MINAJ IS 'JUST SHO ING LOVE, GIVING PROPS':  ATCH	Getting high praise from Nicki Minaj is anyone's dream, and Fuse First artist Young M.A was the lucky one when Minaj called into the Breakfast Club radio show to talk about the up-and-comer in October.	Legit
Celebrity	This Is  hat Justin Bieber Did Instead of Going to the Grammys	Despite earning four nominations for his album Purpose, Justin Bieber had no plans to attend the Grammy awards this year. Rather than sitting at home alone, however, he decided to go out for sushi, and took fans along for the ride on his Instagram Story. (Other bystanders captured a few snaps of him walking into the restaurant as well for a full 360-degree look at what it's like to have dinner with Justin.)	Legit
Celebrity	 hat Jennifer Lopez Just Revealed to Ellen About Drake & Dating Younger Men	"Jennifer Lopez stopped by the ""Ellen DeGeneres Show,"" where Ellen put her on the hot seat to ask about her relationship with Drake and the rumor she likes to date younger men."	Legit
Celebrity	Gwen Stefani is returning to 'The Voice,' but what about Miley Cyrus?	"Gwen Stefani is all set to return to the hot seat on ""The Voice,"" but whose chair is she snatching?"	Legit
Celebrity	 ild Rumor: Justin Bieber Canceled His Purpose Tour to Start His Own Church	"Justin Bieber shocked the Belieber community worldwide yesterday when he abruptly canceled the remainder of his Purpose tour. Bieber had 14 shows left, including several in the U.S. and Asia. A photographer caught the Biebs yesterday in L.A., and he explained he just needed a break after 16 months of touring. ""Yeah, everything's fine, yeah"" he told the man on camera. ""I've been on tour for two years. It is [a long stretch,] yeah. Yes, [I'm looking forward] to resting, getting some relaxation, I'm going to ride some bikes."""	Legit
Celebrity	'I was boozing too much': Brad Pitt talks about split from Angelina Jolie	"Brad Pitt has revealed he was ""boozing too much"" and told how he slept on a friend's floor for six weeks after his split from Angelina Jolie because it was ""too sad"" to return home."	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Trying To Steal Kanye  est's Money Through Elaborate Prenup Scheme?	Is Kim Kardashian trying to steal Kanye  est's money along with his fame? According to a new report from Star, Kim is treating her prenup to Kanye like a business transaction, which is probably a smart decision. Let's be realistic – how long is this marriage going to last? Two years? Five years? She's already gone through this rodeo once, and she knows that eventually, she'll end up getting Kanye's money if she plays her cards right. The only question is – how much?	Fake
Celebrity	Did Angelina Jolie Fake Maddox Jolie Pitt's Adoption? Inside The Shocking Claims	Angelina Jolie is famous for adopting kids from around the world, but did she obtain her first son, Maddox, using falsified documents? Maddox's real Cambodian father has come forward with the shocking claims that Jolie doesn't have legal power of attorney over the 15-year-old.	Fake
Celebrity	Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx Have Seemingly Dropped Their Stealth Act	For more than four years, rumors have surrounded Katie Holmes, Jamie Foxx, and their apparent under-the-radar romance. For a pair of very famous people they’ve managed to avoid the cameras for ages, though in the last year they seemed to be making less of an effort to hide, even spotted in May boarding a private plane in Paris, where Foxx was filming Robin Hood. At the same time, tabloids claimed that the two were “ready to go public.”	Legit
Celebrity	Late-Night Hosts React to O.J. Simpson Parole News	O.J. Simpson was granted parole Thursday, after serving almost nine years in prison for armed robbery and assault with a weapon, and late-night TV had a lot to say about it.	Legit
Celebrity	Miley And Liam Fighting? False Rumors Swirl That They're In A Feud Over A Supposed Prenup	Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth fighting? A new report claims that Cyrus and Hemsworth had a huge fight over their supposed prenup while they were making their wedding plans.	Legit
Celebrity	Lady Gaga Announces Netflix Documentary, Talks Madonna Feud	Lady Gaga is ready to open up. The “Joanne” singer has a candid documentary titled Gaga: Five Foot Two premiering on Netflix on September 22.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian fails to congratulate Beyonce over twin pregnancy news while BFF Chrissy Teigen appears to mock superstar's announcement	The reality star did not join the list of stars tweeting their joy about Bey's good news	Legit
Celebrity	Did Beyonce Give Birth To Her Twins? New Report Claims She Just Did	Did Beyonce just have her twins? Rumors have been flying that Queen Bey gave birth to a precious boy and adorable girl on Saturday, May 20, according to an exciting new report!	Fake
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie Opens Up to PEOPLE About Her 'Difficult' Year: 'I Am a Little Bit Stronger'	Much has changed over the last year in Angelina Jolie‘s life, but one thing has remained constant — her dedication to her children.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian: Nude Cookbook on the  ay?!?	Not everyone is a fan of Kim Kardashian and/or the books she pretends to write.	Fake
Celebrity	Keith Urban Jealous: Nicole Kidman Admits She Begged HBO To Cast Alexander Skarsgard As Her Love Interest | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Nicole Kidman is making it pretty clear that she desperately wanted Alexander Skarsgard to be cast as her husband in ‘Big Little Lies.’ Nicole is starring in the new HBO drama series along with Reese  itherspoon, Shailene  oodley and Laura Dern. The show tells the story of three mothers who try to move on after a tragedy that almost destroyed their lives.	Fake
Celebrity	Are Kendall, Kylie Jenner and Gigi, Bella Hadid headed for a nasty feud?	It looks like a case of siblings' war. Two of the most popular siblings' duo – Kendall, Kylie and Bella, Gigi – are reported to be on the verge of a nasty feud.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift's 'Reputation': All the gossip about Joe Alwyn, Kanye  est and Tom Hiddleston	In the preface of her two Reputation-themed magazines, which feature photos, poetry and hand-written lyrics to celebrate the release of her sixth album, Swift lamented the inevitable news stories that guess at the targets of her lyrics.	Legit
Celebrity	Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx Come Out As an Item, After 'Tom Cruise Ban' Expires	Now here’s something to really jump up and down on the couch for.	Fake
Celebrity	Kate Middleton Desperate To Save Prince  illiam Marriage: Can't Let Go Of Pampered Royal Lifestyle | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Kate Middleton might be angry with her husband Prince  illiam for embarrassing their family with his bizarre dancing and drinking during his ski trip, and all of the cheating rumors, but that doesn’t mean she’ll be divorcing him anytime soon. In fact, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge tried to convince everyone that they are still madly in love during their trip to Paris this weekend.	Fake
Celebrity	"ROSIE O FLEES CRAZY ""HOUSE IVES"" NEIGHBORS"	"Run ROSIE RUN – right back onto ""The View""!  HY?!"	Fake
Celebrity	Julia Roberts Cuddles Up to Danny Moder Ahead of Their 15th  edding Anniversary	Julia Roberts and husband Danny Moder were spotted on a casual outing in Malibu, CA, on Saturday afternoon. The couple, who is going on 15 years of marriage in July, put on a loving display as they wrapped their arms around each other and Julia appeared to whisper something in Danny's ear.  hile we haven't seen the couple out and about together since November, Julia made history in April when she was named People's Most Beautiful  oman for the fifth time. It was also revealed earlier this week that Julia will be returning to the big screen in Crystal City Entertainment's adaptation of The Bookseller. Julia will not only star in the film, but she's also producing the project alongside Lisa Gillan, Marisa Yeres Gill, Jonathan Rubenstein, and Ari Pinchot.	Legit
Celebrity	Digital Diva! Inside Caitlyn Jenner’s Secret Cyber Hookups	RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that Caitlyn Jenner is exploring her sexuality online and has been enjoying a string of secret cyber “hookups”.	Fake
Celebrity	Michelle Obama open to plastic surgery, Botox injections	As first lady Michelle Obama prepares to turn 50 on Friday, she isn’t ruling out having some work done on her face in the future.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyoncé Serves Up Lots of Smiles at Serena  illiams'  edding to Alexis Ohanian	 hen she sees two people “Crazy in Love,” Beyoncé can’t help but smile.	Legit
Celebrity	Malia Obama Has Barack And Michelle  orried – Can She Handle Life Alone In New York City?	Malia Obama, 18, is adjusting to her new life outside of the  hite House and the changes are not easy to handle for her famous parents – former President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama.	Fake
Celebrity	Too Many Stars to Count Support Stand Up to Cancer	Loads of stars stepped out for the Hollywood Stands Up to Cancer event in LA on Tuesday night. The fundraiser, which was hosted by Reese  itherspoon and her husband, Jim Toth, brought out cute couples like Diane Kruger and Joshua Jackson and Jessica Alba and Cash  arren, as well as Selena Gomez, Drew Barrymore, and Gwyneth Paltrow. Gwyneth herself has been a longtime supporter of the Stand Up to Cancer program since her father, Bruce Paltrow, died of lung cancer in 2002.	Legit
Celebrity	Here's How Brad Pitt Feels About Donald Trump as President	As a southern man born in Oklahoma and raised in Missouri, Brad Pitt stems from a place where people typically support Donald Trump and his run in the 2016 Presidential Election.	Legit
Celebrity	Tyga To Reveal The Ugly Truth About Kylie Jenner And Kardashians In New Tell-All Book, Insiders Say	"Tyga and Kylie Jenner have made it to Splitsville, according to E! News, and it looks like things could get pretty ugly in the near future. Although the relationship is reportedly over, it doesn't look like the two have ended on amicable terms, and things are only beginning to heat up. According to Perez Hilton, Tyga is reportedly planning to release a tell-all book in the wake of his big break-up with Kylie. Insiders close to the ""Make It Nasty"" rapper have dropped a few details about the rumored upcoming book."	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift's camp denies that singer is launching her own streaming service	A source close to Taylor Swift has reportedly denied suggestions that the singer is set to launch her own streaming service.	Legit
Celebrity	Heidi Klum and Seal Have a Friendly Reunion at Billboard Music Awards 2016	Heidi Klum and Seal were the epitome of friendly exes at the 2016 Billboard Music Awar Sunday night.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber pokes fun at himself after stepping out with an wet mark	Accidents happen, but this star is not sorry about it.	Fake
Celebrity	Jane Fonda really didn't want to talk about plastic surgery with Megyn Kelly	"Fonda appeared with Robert Redford on ""Megyn Kelly Today"" on  edesnday to promote their new film, ""Our Souls at Night."" But the interview took a turn mere minutes in as Kelly turned the conversation with the two legends to the subject of aging."	Legit
Celebrity	Halle Berry sparks pregnancy rumours after displaying baby bump on red carpet	Halle Berry, 50, has sparked rumours she is expecting her third child after debuting what looks like a ‘baby bump’ on the red carpet at the 16th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball in Los Angeles.	Fake
Celebrity	"Miley Cyrus Reflects on Her Breakup  ith Liam Hemsworth: ""I  as on the Right Path"""	"Miley Cyrus recently dropped her new single, ""Malibu,"" which is clearly inspired by her rekindled relationship with Liam Hemsworth, and during an interview with SiriusXM's Hits 1 in Hollywood earlier this week, the 24-year-old singer further opened up about her 2013 split from Liam. ""I think — know — that everything is happening for the right reason, and I knew that when we weren't together for the first time,"" Miley said of the advice she would give her younger self. ""I didn't know if that was the end of it, or if we'd be back together again, but knew that wherever I was going, I was on the right path."""	Legit
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth Maybe Got Secret-Married Last April	"In September, Miley Cyrus told The Sun on Sunday that she and her fiancé Liam Hemsworth had no wedding plans anytime soon. ""I don’t envision marriage,"" she told The Sun on Sunday. ""I’m 24. I hope to get to live a little bit more. I have too much living to do [before I get married]."" (Her mother Tish Cyrus made the same point when asked about a rumored Miley-Liam elopement in June, too.)"	Fake
Celebrity	The new directions of One Direction: what do the solo projects tell us?	This morning, One Direction’s Liam Payne dropped Stripped Down, his debut single, which can best be described as something that certainly exists.	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner Banned From NBA Over 'Kardashian Curse'	Kendall Jenner hopes to watch her new man play at courtside this season, but NBA bosses are playing hardball with the Leggy 21-year-old model!	Fake
Celebrity	Josh Duhamel was over Fergie ‘being a rock star again’	Josh Duhamel was tired of his pop-star wife Fergie’s “partying” before their breakup, we’re told.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston Cheated On Brad Pitt  ith Matt LeBlanc  hile Married? - Report	Brad Pitt, 51, may not have been the only one with a wandering eye during his marriage to Jennifer Aniston, 46. An explosive new interview with Matt LeBlanc's dad, Paul LeBlanc, reveals that the actress actually cheated on her then-husband with her Friends co-star long before Brad met Angelina Jolie, 40, on the set of Mr. and Mrs. Smith!	Fake
Celebrity	The Secret to Ellen DeGeneres' Ageless Look	"Makeup artist Pati Dubroff has worked with Ellen DeGeneres on ad campaigns and fashion spreads galore, so she knew exactly what look would work best on the talk show host for Shape's May cover shoot-natural and understated with just a hint of color. She used a damp wedge sponge to perfect our cover model's skin with just a touch of CoverGirl Simply Ageless Concealer and Corrector. ""Ellen's skin has a natural glow already, so she doesn't need much makeup,"" says Pati. Not all of us are blessed with such youthful skin, but you can get an amazing complexion like Ellen's with these anti-aging tips from the makeup pro:"	Legit
Celebrity	Anna Faris Feels Insecure Because Of Her Husband's Affair with Jennifer Lawrence! Is Chris Pratt To Blame? – Live Rumours	Jennifer Lawrence, who is heart of millions of boys, recently made all her fans shocked.  ell it was not in the movie, but from the news; rather we say a rumour having an affair with Chris Pratt. Most of us' mind freeze because of these alleged highlights in tabloids, but later both of them finely denied. As of Jennifer's choice, she has chosen to be single for now; while Chris is already tied with Anna Faris. Faris feels insecurity because of this faked news fueling the tabloids about love between her husband Chris and Jennifer though.  ell, is it true or not, we will cover it in this article!	Fake
Celebrity	Drake Invites Taylor Swift To Stay At His House After Alleged Stalking Incident	"""Taylor [Swift] being stalked and freaked out about it doesn't sit well with Drake. He's real heated that she has lunatics intruding on her personal space, and he's told her he'd personally send a few of his boys to keep an eye on her and be her bodyguards. He's definitely been comforting for her! He's telling her everything is going to be alright and wants to make absolute certain that she feels safe and secure when she's out in public."	Fake
Celebrity	It's Over! Jennifer Lawrence & Darren Aronofsky's Hot Fling Cools ALREADY	Jennifer Lawrence and Darren Aronofsky are already cooling down and taking a break from their intense romance, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian displays shocking hair loss after 'relying on weaves'	She's left fans green with envy thanks to her incredible post-pregnancy weight loss. 	Fake
Celebrity	Prince Harry is Moving to the US to Find a  ife!	Prince Harry is moving across the pond - and has big plans to find a wife in the US!	Fake
Celebrity		Kanye  est Enraged Taylor Swift Referenced Kim Kardashian’s Robbery In Music Video	Fake
Celebrity	rad Pitt attends charity concert with Sting in rare public appearance following split from Angelina Jolie	Brad Pitt reemerged in the spotlight Saturday after keeping a low profile for months following his split from Angelina Jolie.	Legit
Celebrity	Brad Pitt's Side of the Story: He 'Did Not Hit' Maddox as Plane Fight with Angelina Jolie 'Got Out of Hand,' Says Source	Brad Pitt did not strike his son Maddox during a heated mid-flight argument with Angelina Jolie last week, according to a source with knowledge of the situation.	Legit
Celebrity	Taylor Swift Spending Millions of Dollars on New Boyfriend, Joe Alwyn: False News or True? | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Pop superstar Taylor Swift is buying new boyfriend Joe Alwyn by squandering millions of dollars on her lover according to some reports. Taylor has always been the bigger money earner in all of her relationships. Even though past boyfriends such as Jake Gyllenhaal, John Mayer, Tom Hiddleston, and Calvin Harris were millionaires, their bank accounts still paled in comparison to Taylor’s whopping $300 million estimated net worth.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lawrence 'stripped naked and demanded Kanye  est styled her' after drinking five martinis at Kris Jenner's house	Jennifer Lawrence ended up naked in Kris Jenner's wardrobe after downing five martinis.	Fake
Celebrity	Sorry ASAP Rocky, Kendall Jenner Has A Desperate Plan To  in Back Harry Styles!	Kendall Jenner is dating rapper ASAP Rocky, but according to a source, she has devised a plan to win back her ex, Harry Styles! All she has to do is what she does best — send nudes!	Fake
Celebrity	Kirsten Dunst suddenly breaks down in tears at Cannes Film Festival	She gained global recognition for her role in Interview  ith The Vampire at the tender age of 12, so she is no stranger to commanding attention on the red carpet.	Fake
Celebrity	Glenn Close denies that she pipped Meryl Streep to play Hillary Clinton	Forget what you heard: Glenn Close has not pipped Meryl Streep to play Hillary Clinton in an upcoming movie about the former Secretary of State and presidential hopeful's life.	Legit
Celebrity	AMAL CLOONEY IS THE MOST INFLUENTIAL  OMAN IN LONDON	You'd be forgiven for thinking the most powerful woman in London might be the Duchess of Cambridge, or even supermodel Kate Moss. In fact, it's George Clooney's new bride who has taken out the top spot.	Legit
Celebrity	Dream Scenario? Khloe  ants To Adopt Rob's Daughter!	Khloe Kardashian has formed such an intense bond with her niece Dream, she has told her brother Rob she wants to adopt her, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.	Fake
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner:  hy She’s Quitting ‘KU TK’ But Remains Proud Of Kylie’s Spin-off Show	Kendall Jenner continues to distance herself from the reality show platform that made her family a household name, with sources stressing that the model wants to have a legitimate career.	Fake
Celebrity	Kylie Jenner's Plastic Surgeon Has a Message About Her Lip Fillers	 hile the internet hunts for clues about Kylie Jenner's maybe pregnancy (along with Khloé Kardashian's maybe pregnancy and Kim Kardashian's confirmed pregnancy), at least one person has wondered, what of the reality star's famous lip fillers?	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner cries over Pepsi ad backlash in ‘Keeping Up  ith the Kardashians’ premiere	Remember Pepsi’s tone-deaf Kendall Jenner commercial back in April? The one that made people furious, because it appropriated images from Black Lives Matter protests to sell soda?	Legit
Celebrity	The  eeknd  as Spotted Holding Hands  ith Justin Bieber’s Ex	If you’re an avid US  eekly reader, it might appear that there are only about a dozen single people in Hollywood, as they all date each other. It’s like six degrees of separation with Kevin Bacon, only for influencers with a penchant for fit tea and waist trainers, where Scott Disick is the connecting factor.	Fake
Celebrity	Victoria Beckham and Anna  intour among those named in New Year's Honours list	Tennis world number one Andy Murray has been awarded a knighthood in the Queen's New Year's Honours List - making him Britain's youngest Sir in modern times - alongside athlete Mo Farah and dressage rider Lee Pearson. Heptathlete Jessica Ennis-Hill and rower Katherine Grainger have been named dames.	Legit
Celebrity	This Is  hy Taylor Swift Is Skipping the 2016 MTV Video Music Awards	There's a blank space in the VMAs seating chart this year, baby. Taylor Swift will not be attending the MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday, August 28, multiple sources confirm to Us  eekly.	Legit
Celebrity	Obama Says Leaving Malia at College  as ‘Like Open-Heart Surgery’	After Malia Obama went off to Harvard University last month, her father couldn’t hold back the tears.	Legit
Celebrity	'Jealous' Kim Tries To Steal Beyonce's Baby Spotlight	 hile the Bey Hive was buzzing yesterday about Beyonce's shocking baby news, RadarOnline.com has learned that Kim Kardashian was busy with her own plan to steal back the spotlight!	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez are dating, and the rumors are coming in hot	Jennifer Lopez and recently retired baseball hero Alex Rodriguez are dating, according to reports that have been bubbling up all week.	Legit
Celebrity		Inside Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner's Family Vacation in the Bahamas, Two Months After Filing for Divorce	Legit
Celebrity	Kathy Griffin feels ‘betrayed’ by Anderson Cooper after CNN firing	 hile Kathy Griffin continues her sympathy crusade after weathering a storm of criticism for her terrible Trump severed-head photo, sources say she’s seething about how Anderson Cooper dropped her from his CNN New Year’s Eve broadcast like a hot potato.	Fake
Celebrity		 hite  itch warns Angelina against using spells to woo back Brad	Fake
Celebrity	EXCLUSIVE:  HERE  ILLIAM, KATE, AND GEORGE ARE HEADED FOR A MONTH-LONG SUMMER VACATION	They have spent the last two days supporting Great Britain at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, but __ illiam__and __Kate__can look forward to a well-deserved month off in August.	Legit
Celebrity	Caitlyn Jenner's Memoir Reportedly Lands Movie Adaptation, Rob Lowe May Play Her	Report says that the 'How to Be a Latin Lover' actor is currently in talks to play the reality show star in a possible movie based on her new memoir 'The Secrets of My Life'.	Fake
Celebrity	Is Jared Leto, 45, Crushing On 19-Year-old Paris Jackson?	Jared Leto has his eye on a pretty young thing: 19-year-old Paris Jackson! The duo crossed paths at the Harper’s Bazaar Icons party in NYC on Sept. 8, where the actor, 45, “was definitely making a play for her,” says an insider. “He was staring directly into her eyes while she was talking and they were standing really close. They spoke for a long time and she was laughing a lot.” Still, the Oscar winner struck out, as Paris eventually left to be with her friends — though not before Jared snuck in a kiss on her cheek! Adds the insider: “It was obvious that he was super into her, age difference be damned.”	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian's 'Fears  ill Explode' If Kanye  est Runs For President: She's 'Very Nervous'	"""Kanye [ est]'s talking more and more about stepping into politics, but Kim [Kardashian] is extremely hesitant for him to go down that path. She's very nervous about the kind of hatred that would be focused on him and their family if he were to run for president. Before the robbery, she wasn't as scared, but now she lives in constant fear. If Kanye runs for president, those fears will explode,"" a source tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY."	Fake
Celebrity	 atch Barack Obama's sweet surprise for Michelle on their 25th anniversary	Already known for his sweet messages to his wife on birthdays and holidays, Barack Obama went big for his 25th wedding anniversary with Michelle on Tuesday.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Hires Team To Help Her Become More ‘Political’ – ‘I  ant To Speak Out More About Political Issues’	The controversial reality TV star really wants to change her reputation.  e have learned that Kim Kardashian wants to have a much more political image and she’s already making the first few steps in that direction.	Fake
Celebrity	EXCLUSIVE PICS: First photos of Ariana Grande since Manchester attack	An emotional Ariana Grande was spotted for the first time since the terror attack at her Manchester concert on Monday as she touched down in her hometown of Boca Raton, Florida.	Fake
Celebrity	'It was a long time coming': Heidi Klum ends seven-year marriage over Seal's 'volcanic temper'	Seal and Heidi Klum insisted their split was 'amicable' yesterday despite reports that the supermodel could no longer put up with the Kiss from a Rose singer's volcanic temper.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston on the Exact Moment She Had It  ith the Pregnancy Rumors	"In July, Jennifer Aniston powerfully spoke out against the constant tabloid pregnancy rumors about her that have circulated through the years, in an op-ed for Huffington Post. ""For the record, I am not pregnant,"" she wrote in it. "" hat I am is fed up. I'm fed up with the sport-like scrutiny and body shaming that occurs daily under the guise of 'journalism,' the 'First Amendment,' and 'celebrity news.'"""	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian  est confirms baby on the way	"Kim Kardashian  est tweeted a clip Thursday from a promo of the new season of her family's E! series ""Keeping Up  ith the Kardashians."""	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez And Jennifer Aniston Double Date: Jen's Comments About  eeknd  ere Lies	Selena Gomez is currently dating The  eeknd. Her bestfriend Jennifer Aniston is supportive of her but their relationship is sometimes targeted by rumor mongers.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce & Jay-Z Hire Former President Obama’s Secret Service Team	They’ve got 99 problems, but security ain’t one! Beyoncé and Jay-Z asked longtime pal former President Barack Obama’s secret service detail to help protect their family after welcoming twins Rumi and Sir last month.	Fake
Celebrity	‘Megyn Kelly Today’ Ratings Not All Sunshine for NBC’s New Morning Host	 ith its host reportedly making a salary of $17 million a year and a new set having been constructed within NBC’s Rockefeller Plaza headquarters in Midtown Manhattan, “Megyn Kelly Today” is more costly than the previous 9 a.m. segment of “Today.” Losing viewers, in the long run, would be a problem.	Legit
Celebrity	Cher: Ready To Die!	The beat no longer goes on for CHER.	Fake
Celebrity		Taylor Swift seems to be naked in new music video	Legit
Celebrity	Inside Rob K. & Mehgan James' Romance:  hy His Fam ''Doesn't Approve''	UPDATE: As new reports continue to surface regarding Rob Kardashian's relationship with Mehgan James, both took to social media to weigh in on the matter.	Fake
Celebrity	Katie Holmes on reprising her role as Jacqueline Kennedy	"Katie Holmes is reprising her role as Jacqueline Kennedy for the new mini-series, ""The Kennedys: After Camelot."""	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez and The  eeknd Hold Hands for a Romantic Stroll in Argentina	It was no lonely day for The  eeknd.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber apparently wrote a ‘Love Bible’ about Selena Gomez, and it’s sweet but super weird	There have been numerous reports of Justin Bieber spending time in church in the past few months, but what we didn't realize was it wasn't any old church he was visiting — it was the church of past relationships.	Fake
Celebrity	" hat Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn’s ""Very Normal"" Relationship Is Like"	"Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn are currently doing the private relationship thing: They haven’t stepped out in public together and the only way Swift has talked about her British boyfriend of almost a year is through song (""…Ready For It?"" and ""Gorgeous,"" according to fans). But Us  eekly has a report on how things are going for the two these days. Alwyn and Swift are “very much in love,” a source told the outlet."	Legit
Celebrity	OK! Exclusive: Lindsay Lohan Plans To Move To Russia After Her  edding To Egor Tarabasov Amid Her Feud  ith Her Parents Over The Ceremony	As her wedding plans for her nuptials to Egor Tarabasov continue to take shape, an insider has revealed to OKMagazine.com that Lindsay Lohan may be making a major move following the ceremony!	Fake
Celebrity	'Dancing  ith The Stars': Donald Trump Asked To Star In Show & He Hasn't Said No	 hat the heck?! Donald Trump seems pretty busy on the campaign trail, but he's been invited to take some time off to try his hand (or feet?) at dancing! Apparently Dancing with the Stars has asked Donald to join the Season 23 cast!	Fake
Celebrity	 hat Nicki Minaj wore to Serena  illiams' wedding is not really OK ... rocking on up in white leather hotpants and a crop top is kinda too much.		Fake
Celebrity	"Caitlyn Jenner and O.J. Simpson Are Set to Reunite on TV: ""It  ould Be Fascinating!"" (EXCLUSIVE)"	It’s hard to get much more sensational than this: a TV show pairing the world’s most famous transgender celebrity with the world’s most famous acquitted murder suspect — especially when both have connections to the Kardashians! Life & Style has exclusively learned that TV producers have come up with an idea to bring O.J. Simpson and his old pal Caitlyn Jenner together in a televised reunion.	Fake
Celebrity	Melania Trump 'will wear Ralph Lauren at her husband's inauguration'	Ralph Lauren is the latest frontrunner in the race to design Melania Trump's inauguration outfit,  omen's  ear Daily reported Tuesday.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce's Officially Gone Overboard  ith Her CRAZY Delivery Plan Demands & Here's  hy	There’s no denying that Beyonce is one of Hollywood’s biggest diva’s but new sources suggest her demands just got even crazier. In anticipation of the arrival of their beloved twins, the singer and her husband Jay-Z have concocted a delivery plan so insane you’d think they’re royalty. On the heels of reports that the famous couple have moved to a rental property close to Los Angeles’ Cedars-Sinai hospital, where Bey’s due to give birth, insiders tell Heat magazine that “the event is set to be a no-expense-spared extravaganza.” Click through to get the scoop inside Beyonce’s delivery room plans, and how the couple’s daughter, Blue Ivy, will have a very peculiar role in the process.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez and Orlando Bloom Party Together at His 39th Birthday Party	Selena Gomez and Orlando Bloom are enjoying each other's company once again.	Legit
Celebrity	Jamie Foxx and Katie Holmes Hit New York Fashion  eek	Jamie Foxxand Katie Holmes have hit the Big Apple. 	Legit
Celebrity	Tyra Banks Sued for Causing 'Emotional Distress' During ‘America’s Got Talent’ Taping	*A contestant on “America’s Got Talent” says her performance at a recent taping was roasted so viciously by new host Tyra Banks that it has caused emotional distress to her young daughter, who was watching from the wings.	Fake
Celebrity	" ho Is Mark Billingham? The Bodyguard Claims He ""Fathered"" Brangelina's Kids"	"Since the news of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's split, many have wondered what will happen to the couple's six kids.  ill they stay with mom, or with dad, or some combination of the two? Or could a third person have parenting rights as well? Enter Mark Billingham, the star couple's bodyguard. Billingham said he basically ""fathered"" the children, according to Us  eekly."	Legit
Celebrity	New Suicide Fears For Owen  ilson After Dad’s Death	The death of Owen  ilson’s beloved dad has friends fearing the tortured actor might spiral back into a pit of depression!	Fake
Celebrity	BRAD PITT : No Doubt, TRUMP  ill Be The Best President In U.S History. Do You Support Him? ⋆	Brad Pitt  as Invited At Today show This Morning And After Journalist Critic To Trump He Says This  ords : No Doubt, Trump  ill Be The Best President In U.S History And You  ill This Soon. Against Journalists And Everyone Stayed Outraged . Do You Support Brad ?“ e need more and more jobs. Unemployment is way up here,” he said. He’s hired more employees, more people, than anyone I know in the world.	Fake
Celebrity	Is Angelina Jolie Nemesis Chelsea Handler Getting Close To Brad Pitt After Heartbreaking Split?	 e did not see this coming. Angelina Jolie’s worst Hollywood enemy, Chelsea Handler, might be getting a little too close to former lover Brad Pitt, according to a new report. Ouch!	Fake
Celebrity		Angelina Jolie Embraces Her Inner- itch, and Inner-Mom	Legit
Celebrity		Justin Bieber carries a bible while donning preppy tennis clothes	Legit
Celebrity	The Mystery of How Kendall Met the Hadids Has Been Solved	Not too long ago Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid were just two young, unconnected girls who occasionally appeared on their family members' reality television show. Then the world blinked and all the sudden they were burgeoning supermodels and super influencers. Then the world blinked again and they were bonafide supermodel BFFs. Another blink and their sisters, Kylie and Bella, were also burgeoning influence and burgeoning models in their own right.	Legit
Celebrity	Barack & Michelle Obama's Marriage Meltdown - How It's Costing Taxpayers Millions!	Barack Obama and his wife Michelle continues to falls apart in the wake of the president's womanizing. Now it's costing taxpayers millions! The bitter marriage betweenandcontinues to falls apart in the wake of the president's womanizing. Now it's costing taxpayers millions! The National ENQUIRER has seen exclusive records obtained by the government watchdogs of Judicial  atch - revealing that the feuding couple took separate private planes to take off to Hawaii for Christmas vacation!	Fake
Celebrity	Kylie Jenner Sets the Record Straight About Reports Tyga Owes Her $2 Million	Defending her ex. Kylie Jenner took to Twitter on Friday, May 27, to address reports that her ex-boyfriend Tyga owes her $2 million.	Legit
Celebrity	One Direction's Harry Styles Enjoys Skiing Holiday  ith Kendall Jenner Amid Romance Claims	The 'Best Song Ever' star and Kendall were seen carrying their skiing and snowboarding gear together over the weekend.	Legit
Celebrity	Here's  hat Happened  hen Kim Kardashian Finally Revealed Her Identity To Her Surrogate	Kim also explained in the interview why she didn't invite the surrogate to her baby shower. (She has to explain to whole sitch to her kids first.) Overall, it sounds like Kim and her surrogate have a solid relationship.	Legit
Celebrity	Khloe Kardashian slams haters who've been trolling her since OJ Simpson was granted parole	Khloe Kardashian has no time for haters.	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5056567/Jennifer-Lopez-gets-cozy-star-Milo-Ventimiglia.html	Jennifer Lopez gets cozy with on-screen boyfriend Milo Ventimiglia	Fake
Celebrity	Leonardo DiCaprio Enjoys A Date Night  ith Kate  inslet For His Birthday — See The Pics!	Leonardo DiCaprio cozied up to his most famous co-star, Kate  inslet, on Friday night, just one day ahead of his 43rd birthday on Saturday. The two spent over two hours together at the Santa Monica restaurant Giorgio Baldi, after which they were escorted out by security and got into the same car together. Click through to see the pics of their intimate night out!	Fake
Celebrity	Pop insiders claim Justin Bieber cancelled long-running tour as he's considering starting his own church	"POP insiders sensationally claim Justin Bieber may have cancelled his current long-running tour so he can start up his own CHURCH. Bieber shocked millions of fans yesterday when he revealed he was calling off the Purpose tour months before it was due to end as he was ""burned out."" The Canadian has revealed he wants to get back to his religious roots"	Fake
Celebrity	Kim, Kourtney & Khloe Kardashian Celebrate Cinco de Mayo in LA!	The Kardashian sisters are having a Cinco de Mayo celebration!	Legit
Celebrity	 hy Justin Timberlake Didn’t Go to the Emmys  ith Jessica Biel	Jessica Biel stunned at the 2017 Emmy Awards in L.A. on Sunday, September 17, without her usual award show date, husband Justin Timberlake, by her side — and it turns out that the actress, 35, was riding solo for a very good reason.	Legit
Celebrity	David Gest found dead at 62: Liza Minnelli's ex husband discovered after 'unexplained' death in London hotel	"David Gest, the reality TV star and former husband of Liza Minnelli, has been found dead in a five-star London hotel in ""unexplained"" circumstances."	Legit
Celebrity	About That Time Princess Diana  atched The Golden Girls and Crashed a Gay Bar with Freddie Mercury	Princess Diana may have had more fun while married into the British royal family than we had originally thought. In her new book, British comedy actress Cleo Rocos says that she, Queen front man Freddie Mercury, and comedian Kenny Everett sneaked Princess Diana into a south-London gay bar, Royal Vauxhall Tavern, in the late 1980s. Rocos recalls the evening in The Power of Positive Drinking, writing that the trio dressed up the beloved late royal in disguise-an army jacket, cap, and sunglasses, according to an account of the story by the A.F.P.-and were able to enjoy themselves covertly thanks to Mercury's popularity in the crowd:	Legit
Celebrity	Kitesurfing, Lunch with Bono, Golfing in Hawaii: All About the Obamas' Life Now	They've broken free of the  hite House bubble and they're not looking back.	Legit
Celebrity	J-Rod! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez on Love, Beauty, and Redemption	Despite the surreal fame—and baggage—carried by Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez, their relationship makes perfect sense. Both started from modest backgrounds, hit the big time fast, and had to battle their own demons to survive. The new couple discuss everything from their nerve-racking first date to the “reveals” that forged their bond.	Legit
Celebrity	Lady Gaga is not pregnant, says representative 	"LOS ANGELES: Lady Gaga 's representative has denied reports that the singer is pregnant The rumours were sparked after Gaga was seen sporting what appeared to be a baby bump last week. A magazine claimed in its latest issue that the 29-year-old had ""baby on the way.""However, the report was debunked by Gaga's representative. The representative told Rumor Fix tabloid that Gaga is not expecting a child with her fiance Taylor Kinney, reports aceshowbiz.com.Fans who were in shock took to Twitter to post photographs of Gaga with ""baby bump"".Some images showed her hitting the beach with a tight, cream-coloured maxi dress, while in other photographs she was seen wearing a blue kaftan dress when hitting Malibu beach with Kinney.Gaga shared on Instagram a photograph of her with flat tummy on  ednesday. ""Daddy's Girl"", she captioned it.However, this is not the first time the singer is rumoured to be pregnant. Earlier also there have been speculations on it."	Legit
Celebrity	"Kourtney and Kendall Have a ""Sun's Out, Buns Out"" Boat Day in Cannes"	Kourtney Kardashian and Kendall Jenner are currently living it up in the South of France for the Cannes Film Festival, and the sisters got in some swimsuit time while relaxing on a yacht in Antibes on Monday; the pair was spotted lounging and chatting in one-pieces with friend Simon Huck. The next day, they kept the fun coming by donning their best nautical wear for a day on the water. Before their envious yacht lounging, Kourtney attended a dinner in celebration of Jean-Michel Cousteau's  onders of the Sea on Sunday, while Kendall stomped the runway for Naomi Campbell's annual Fashion For Relief event, which also brought out Kate Moss, Heidi Klum, and Kendall's pal Bella Hadid. Keep reading to see all the photos from Kourtney and Kendall's Cannes adventures.	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez being eyed as 'American Idol' judge	"Singer is reportedly being eyed as a judge along with singer for the singing reality show ""American Idol""."	Fake
Celebrity	Ellen, Portia cancel appearance after 'epic' fight	Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi didn't show up at a charity fund-raiser for rescued animals after having a huge fight in the car on the way to Sunday's event, sources tell Page Six.	Fake
Celebrity	It's All About The Ka$h! Kim Kardashian & Kanye  est Refuse Charity Donation To Settle Lawsuit  ith YouTube Founder Over Engagement Video	It's all about the kash with Kim Kardashian and Kanye  est!	Fake
Celebrity	Hillary Clinton The Movie - Starring Glenn Close!	A movie is in the works about Hillary Clinton and her amazing life, and legendary actress Glenn Close has been chosen to play the former first lady and presidential candidate!	Fake
Celebrity	Owen  ilson Says His Kids Are Turning into Little Comedians –  atch!	Owen  ilson is opening up about his kids’ potential careers in comedy!	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez Is ‘Crazy In Love’  ith Justin After Reuniting: She’s ‘Light & Joyful’	If Selena Gomez seems like she’s living her best life since reuniting with Justin Bieber — she is!  e’ve got the EXCLUSIVE that Sel’s in ‘love’ and happy to be back with Biebs.	Fake
Celebrity	Hats off to love! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, and Darren Aronofsky, 47, go public with their romance as they bundle up for stroll in NYC	They had been keeping their budding romance under wraps but it seems that Jennifer Lawrence and Darren Aronofsky have made a New Year's resolution to be more open about their relationship.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Says Kanye  est Is 'Serious' About Running For President	On The Ellen Show  ednesday, reality TV show star Kim Kardashian  est told host Ellen DeGeneres that her husband, rapper Kanye  est, definitely meant what he said when he spontaneously announced at the MTV Video Music Awards that he wants to run for President of the United States.	Legit
Celebrity	Scarlett Johansson's Dirty Talk  ith SNL Stud	Mike  alker Reports…   Never talk dirty to ladies if you wanna turn ’em on — right, guys?	Fake
Celebrity	Harvey  einstein plans to sue New York Times for $50M	Harvey  einstein says he will sue the New York Times for an estimated $50 million after it published a bombshell report claiming the movie mogul subjected actresses and female staffers to “decades of sexual harassment.”	Fake
Celebrity		Jennifer Garner Has Girls Night Out with Chelsea Handler	Legit
Celebrity	'Girl' Fight! Kanye  est Confronts Anna  intour Over Putting Lena Dunham On 'Vogue' Cover Instead Of Fiancée Kim Kardashian	Too big for your designed sneakers, Kanye? During a recent power lunch at the Beverly Hills Polo Lounge, the hip hop star demanded answers from Vogue Editor-In-Chief Anna  intour to the question:  hy did she judge Girls star Lena Dunham as being cover worthy for the famed fashion bible, while his fiance, Kim Kardashian, has long been overlooked?	Fake
Celebrity	Nicki Minaj Did NOT  ear Hot Pants And Crop Top To Serena  illiams’  edding, Despite Report 	Nicki Minaj did not wear hot pants and a crop top to Serena  illiams’ wedding, despite a bogus report based on a photoshopped image. For starters, the rapper didn’t even attend the tennis star’s nuptials. Gossip Cop can set the record straight.  illiams got married to internet entrepreneur Alexis Ohanian in front of friends and family in New Orleans on Thursday. The guest list included many celebrities, including Beyonce, Kim Kardashian, Kelly Rowland, Anna  intour, Ciara and Eva Longoria. Minaj wasn’t in attendance, but the Irish website Her posted a doctored Instagram photo that shows her posing at the party with Beyonce and Rihanna. The site titled its inaccurate article, “ hat Nicki Minaj wore to Serena  illiams’ wedding is not really OK,” and says the singer showed up to the ceremony sporting “white leather hotpants and a crop top.” The misinformed outlet insists Minaj’s outfit was “kinda too much,” further maintaining that she “very much overstepped a wedding etiquette line.” But the site’s opinion about the rapper’s attire is completely moot. Neither Minaj or Rihanna were at the tennis player’s wedding. Both music stars were superimposed into a photo of Beyonce posing alone at the ceremony. It’s unclear if the Irish outlet is trying to trick its readers or get duped by the fake image itself, but Minaj didn’t wear an inappropriate outfit to  illiams’ wedding, which she didn’t attend. It should be noted, Gossip Cop has had to debunk several false stories surrounding the tennis star’s nuptials in the short time since she walked down the aisle.  e recently busted HollywoodLife for fabricating a report about Beyonce and Kardashian having an “icy exchange” at the wedding. Gossip Cop also called out RadarOnline for making up a story about Kardashian getting yelled at for using her phone at  illiams’ wedding. This latest article related to the event is similarly phony.	Legit
Celebrity	Lindsay Lohan Is Reportedly Engaged To Russian Heir	At long last, Lindsay Lohan has found love. 	Legit
Celebrity	Anorexic Angelina Jolie  asting Away	Angelina Jolie’s rail-thin figure is prompting close pals to call for an intervention to save her from death!	Fake
Celebrity	Rosie O'Donnell,  hoopi Goldberg swap weight-loss stories	"(CNN) -- ""The View"" returned to TV on Monday with a new set, two new faces and a pair of returning hosts who've spent their time away focusing on their health."	Legit
Celebrity	Heartbroken Jennifer Aniston Runs For The Border To Adopt	Jennifer Aniston is looking to adopt a baby from south of the border - just weeks after The National ENQUIRER revealed her heartbreak over her estranged brother announcing that he was becoming a father yet again!	Fake
Celebrity	Justin Bieber Parties At Same Grammy Event As Ex Selena Gomez & The  eeknd	"Uh oh!  Justin Bieber, 22, decided to hit up Rihanna's post Grammys bash at 1Oak Feb. 12 to party with the rest of the music industry's biggest stars, and unfortunately for him that included his ex Selena Gomez, 24, and her new boyfriend The  eeknd, 26. As we told you EXCLUSIVELY, the pair couldn't keep their hands to themselves, packing on plenty of PDA while seated in a VIP booth and that apparently didn't sit well with the Biebs. He showed up at the party briefly, then turned around and high-tailed it out of there shortly after arriving. A source tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY that, ""He was there for a hot second...not very long at all! He left almost immediately!"""	Fake
Celebrity	Billy Bush's wife is 'furious' at him after Trump interview leak	Billy Bush may have just posted a new selfie with his wife, but rumors are swirling that all is not well back in their California paradise.	Fake
Celebrity	Celine Dion's Heart- renching Performance of 'My Heart  ill Go On' at 2017 Music Awards:  atch	"Celine Dion marked the 20th anniversary of her heart-wrenching love song, ""My Heart  ill Go On,"" by performing from inside a mile-high chandelier that hung from the venue's ceiling at Sunday night's (May 21) 2017 Billboard Music Awards. As it elevated, so did Dion's vocals. "	Legit
Celebrity	How Janet Jackson lost 70 pounds	The 51-year-old new mom is sporting a sleek physique that her trainer says she accomplished without putting in massive hours of cardio, reportedly shedding 70 pounds.	Legit
Celebrity	George, Amal Clooney donate $1M to Southern Poverty Law Center to combat hate groups	If money talks, George and Amal Clooney made it shout Tuesday, by donating $1 million to the Southern Poverty Law Center to help fight hate groups in the wake of tragedy and violence in Charlottesville, Va.	Legit
Celebrity	GIRL ABOUT TO N: Victoria Beckham is preparing for a fifth baby	Victoria Beckham, right, is preparing for a fifth baby with husband David, according to sources close to her best friend, Tana Ramsay.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Opens Up to About Life After the Paris Robbery	This morning, Kim Kardashian  est is a few minutes late to breakfast because she can’t get this gel-mask thing off her face. She’s staying in a room in the upper reaches of the Baccarat Hotel in midtown Manhattan. A room with a giant bed in it, in which she slept, butt to butt, with her four-year-old daughter, North. And in that room she applied a mask — of the cosmetic variety, not the Halloween variety — only to discover she couldn’t really get it off.  here did she get this gold gel-mask thing that’s supposed to make your skin healthier? Man, when you’re Kim Kardashian  est, you don’t know where everything comes from. People just give you stuff. The vaults and doors and express-delivery accounts of the world open and a free flow of stuff just washes over you. Kim tries to enjoy it, because that’s the enlightened thing to do. But right now she’s upstairs in her room trying to separate her face from the free gel-mask thing.	Legit
Celebrity	Jim Carrey Says He Has Sailed a 'River of Sorrow' in Emotional Stage Appearance	The 55-year-old comedian stopped by documentarian and activist Michael Moore‘s Broadway show The Terms of My Surrender on Thursday night for a candid conversation about the current political climate in the wake of president Donald Trump‘s election.	Legit
Celebrity	Jay-Z: 'Jesus Is Fake News; Lucifer Is  ay Of Truth And Light'	“Jesus Christ is the original fake news,” according to Jay-Z, who claims “Jesus never walked the earth, y’all being played” and “the idea of Jesus is just a tool used by smart people to control dumb people.”	Fake
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson: 'Twilight's the hardest part I've done'	He made his name as teenage vampire heart-throb Edward Cullen in Twilight. Then his turbulent romance with co‑star Kristen Stewart dominated the world's gossip columns. Now Robert Pattinson is older, wiser and shedding his Hollywood pretty-boy image. He talks about his new role in David Michôd's dystopian outback western The Rover 	Legit
Celebrity	Amber Heard Shares Picture From Aquaman Set	Right after filming for Aquaman got underway in Australia, we got our first look as actress Amber Heard as Mera. Now Heard has taken to Twitter to share a picture of herself with Jason Momoa — the actor behind the film's titular role — and director James  an.	Legit
Celebrity	Tragic Gwen Stefani Loses Hearing After Rupturing Eardrum	Pop songbird Gwen Stefani could end up deaf and wreck her fabulous singing career	Fake
Celebrity	Face Lift, Botox, Peels, Oh My! Ellen DeGeneres' Plastic Surgery Obsession Revealed	Ellen DeGeneres' obsession with staying forever young is written all over her face  – literally! In a new report from The National ENQUIRER, sources reveal that the down-to-earth talk show queen is really a plastic surgery junkie in disguise.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber Just Kissed at His Hockey Game	As The  eeknd reconnects with his ex, Bella Hadid, Selena Gomez continues her string of appearances with Justin Bieber. Last night, she supported the Canadian pop star at his hockey game in LA (for the second time). And the two took the PDA to the next level: they were spotted kissing at the rink.	Legit
Celebrity	Blake Shelton and Lindsey Sporrer Cheating on Miranda Lambert - Divorce Expected | Celeb Dirty Laundry	It looks like Miranda Lambert's absolute worst fear may be coming true. Judging from recent photos, Blake Shelton may really have found himself a younger, skinnier version of his standoffish wife! Blake decided to attend Usher's 35th birthday party and Miranda was nowhere to be found. It's almost like she goes out of her way to avoid Blake when he is around anyone that he works with and then throws it in his face that they're always apart! Anyway, on this particular night she was at home but don't think for a minute that Blake was lonely.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian explains why she won’t be voting for Trump after all	For a moment there, it seemed that Hillary Clinton had lost the Kim Kardashian vote.	Legit
Celebrity	Is Evian  ater The Secret Behind Cameron Diaz's Great Skin? Read more at: https://tr.im/207sZ	This is one of those rumors that is so ridiculous we wish it were true! Star magazine is reporting in their latest issue that A-list actress Cameron Diaz only uses bottled water to bathe.	Legit
Celebrity	Did Meek Mill Find Nicki Minaj In A Lesbian Tryst  ith Young M.A.?	Finding a story about Nicki Minaj and Meek Mill isn't exactly a stretch. Last year, Meek Mill's beef with Canadian rapper Drake kept us entertained for months, and Minaj is hardly low-profile. Over the past few years, Minaj has become known almost as well for her social media fights as for her music. As a result, celebrity watchers always seem to have an eye for the next Meek Mill and Nicki Minaj story. In recent weeks, most stories about Mill and Minaj have focused on whether or not hip-hop's power couple are still dating or not.	Fake
Celebrity	Mariah Carey, Manager Stella Bulochnikov Split	Mariah Carey and her manager of three years, Stella Bulochnikov, are no longer working together as manager and client, Variety has confirmed.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston, Diva? Actress Rumored To Be 'Unapproachable' On Set, Doesn't Socialize (REPORT)	"Could this former ""Friend"" be less than friendly in real life? Rumor has it that's the case."	Legit
Celebrity	Ellen DeGeneres Dines  ith Mystery Brunette Amid Divorce Rumors  ith Portia de Rossi	Ellen DeGeneres stepped out with a mystery brunette recently amid rumors of her impending divorce with wife Portia de Rossi. Photos of the TV host all smiles with the unknown woman only fuelled speculations of their separation.	Fake
Celebrity	Jake Gyllenhaal Is Not Here for Taylor Swift Questions	Left, by Mike Pont/ ireImage; Right, from GC Images, both from Getty Images.	Legit
Celebrity	"Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux Made One ""Massive Miscalculation""  hile Planning Their Secret  edding"	"Uncomfortable seating aside, it sounded as though Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux's secret wedding, this summer, went off without a hitch. Incredibly, details about the Malibu nuptials were not leaked to press. Jimmy Kimmel did a ""beautiful"" job ordaining the ceremony, finding the perfect balance between sweet and funny. Howard Stern gave a speech. And afterward, the newlyweds embarked on the fanciest group honeymoon of which we've ever heard. But on  ednesday, while promoting the new season of HBO's The Leftovers, Theroux revealed that the duo did make one ""massive miscalculation"" when planning the wedding."	Legit
Celebrity	Victoria Beckham finally addresses claims she's trying for her FIFTH baby at 42 with husband David	The famous couple, who live in London, already have three sons and a daughter	Legit
Celebrity	Sarah Jessica Parker Inherits Vogue Magazine Control From Anna  intour? | Celeb Dirty Laundry	There's only one Anna  intour, but there's only so long that she can run Vogue. Anna's now 64 years old, and while she's still got plenty of years to keep running Vogue, her reign isn't going to last forever. Eventually, she will have to find a successor, and according to a report from Radar Online, that successor will be Sarah Jessica Parker.	Fake
Celebrity	"Former Beatle Ringo Starr Claims the ""Real"" Paul McCartney Died in 1966 and  as Replaced by Look-Alike"	Beverly Hills| The former drummer of the Beatles, Ringo Starr, surprised the world this morning during an interview in his luxurious Californian residence, when he admitted that the 45-year old rumors about the alleged death of Paul McCartney in 1966 were actually true.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez teases Bye Bye Birdie, NBC's next live musical	NBC's live telecast of Hairspray is still underway, but Jennifer Lopez is already gearing up for the network's next big musical production, Bye Bye Birdie Live!	Legit
Celebrity		Axed! Jennifer Hudson  on’t Be Asked Back To 'The Voice' Over Nightmare Diva Behavior	Fake
Celebrity	Billy Bush officially sacked from NBC Today show after leaked lewd Donald Trump tape scandal	Bush was suspended at the morning show two days after contents of the 2005 tape were reported on October 7.	Legit
Celebrity	 hy Celine Dion and Cher hate each other	Cher wowed the crowd in a barely-there crystal encrusted outfit yesterday as she belted out ‘If I Could Turn Back Time’ and ‘Believe’ at the 2017 Billboard Music Awards.	Fake
Celebrity	Analysis | Kanye  est and how hip-hop tackles mental health	It's not totally clear what's going on with Kanye  est. The rapper, who was filmed delivering onstage rants during recent shows in California, on Monday canceled the remaining 21 dates in his Saint Pablo tour. Hours later, he was reportedly hospitalized for stress and exhaustion.	Legit
Celebrity	Liam Payne Just Dissed Harry Styles' Solo Music	Harry Styles' new music isn't for everyone, not even his former One Direction bandmate Liam Payne.	Fake
Celebrity	Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez excite fans	(CNN)Like love, hope springs eternal for Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez fans.	Legit
Celebrity	Iggy Azalea and Odell Beckham Jr.: Dating!	You might be surprised by the news that Odell Beckham Jr. and Iggy Azalea are dating, but if you stop and think about it for a moment, they actually make perfect sense as a couple.	Fake
Celebrity	Ben Affleck Has A New Fresh Face: BOTOX BEN	FRESHENED UP!?!? After a VERY ROUGH year, doctors say that it appears that Ben Affleck his face freshened up! The rumored help? Botox for his crow’s feet & fillers to soften the lines around his mouth.	Fake
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth End Engagement	It's officially over: Reps for both Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth confirm to PEOPLE exclusively that the engagement is off between the two stars.	Fake
Celebrity	FKA Twigs Looks Miserable  ith Robert Pattinson At Cannes Film Festival | Celeb Dirty Laundry	FKA Twigs and Robert Pattinson are reportedly going strong. The Twilight star and his fiancée attended the 2017 Cannes Film Festival this week. The couple didn’t look as happy as they are reported to be. It’s been months since fans have seen FKA Twigs and Robert Pattinson together.	Fake
Celebrity	Stop Right Now! The Spice Girls Might Be Planning A Reunion	There are certain things that people just shouldn't joke about. A potential Spice Girls reunion with all five members is one of them.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian and Kanye  est's Trial Separation Lasted for Six  eeks (EXCLUSIVE)	After suffering a breakdown at the end of 2016, Kanye  est has been keeping an extremely low profile. But what fans didn't know is that the rapper and his wife Kim Kardashian were going through a trial separation.	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye  est, No 'American Idol' For Me	No 'American Idol' For Me	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez & A-Rod  edding On The  ay? He  ants To Marry Her	"Is Jennifer Lopez, 47, the one for Alex Rodriguez, 41? His friends are reportedly starting to think so, according to E! News. ""All his friends can tell he really likes J.Lo [but] in the beginning they thought this may just be a fling,"" a source said. His ""friends are slowly thinking this may actually be a great match."" J-Lo and A-Rod definitely enjoyed their time together on Friday, Mar. 24 when they hung out at the ritzy Hotel Bel-Air."	Fake
Celebrity	Fergie says she and Josh Duhamel still 'great friends'	"Fergie says even though she and husband Josh Duhamel are splitting up, they're still ""great friends"" who love one another and their young son."	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie, Unbroken	“I never expect to be the one that everybody understands or likes,” Angelina Jolie says. “And that’s O.K., because I know who I am, and the kids know who I am.”	Legit
Celebrity	Prince Harry & Meghan Markle Moving In Together	"A close pal of the ""Suits"" star told The ENQUIRER that Meg is ""turning the palace upside down with her renovations"" - adding: ""She knows what she wants! Meghan's incredibly headstrong when it comes to her own tastes!"" The L.A. native is insisting on eco-friendly renovations, airy open rooms, neutral colors, large comfortable sofas and chairs, and modern glass and metal accessories. But the commoner's ""diva-like"" attitude is making some palace insiders cringe!"	Fake
Celebrity	Cover Story: Angelina Jolie Solo	There’s the Angelina Jolie who’s now a single mother—managing the day-to-day chaos of six kids, and the trauma of her split from Brad Pitt—and there’s the Angelina Jolie whose latest movie, a groundbreaking Netflix original about Cambodia’s genocide, is also a thank-you to the nation that transformed her. At her new L.A. mansion, Jolie reveals the tension between the two Angelinas and the reason her life will never be normal.	Legit
Celebrity	Blake Shelton Addresses Rumors On Twitter In The Best Possible  ay	Blake Shelton has had about enough of all the tabloid chatter regarding him and his wife, Miranda Lambert.	Legit
Celebrity	Allison  illiams’ top-secret wedding revealed	Allison  illiams is getting married on Saturday in a starry secret ceremony out west, Page Six can exclusively reveal.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift  ent to ''Great Lengths'' to Keep Her Romance Private	Although news has since broke that Taylor Swift is dating British actor Joe Alwyn, she really did try to keep it under wraps for as long as she possibly could.	Legit
Celebrity	Anna Faris Responds To Chris Pratt-Jennifer Lawrence Cheating Rumors As They Promote 'Passengers' On Her Birthday	"""Mom"" actress Anna Faris didn't want to let the tabloids get to her, but when rumors swirled last year about husband Chris Pratt cheated on her with ""Passengers"" co-star Jennifer Lawrence, she felt vulnerable."	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Lawrence recalls time she got drunk with Kris Jenner and stripped naked	Jennifer Lawrence had a blast filling in for Jimmy Kimmel on his late-night show Thursday.	Legit
Celebrity	Anderson Cooper on Kathy Griffin: 'I hope she bounces back'	Anderson Cooper has made it clear that he isn’t pleased with Kathy Griffin‘s controversial photo of Donald Trump, but the CNN anchor says he hopes his longtime friend can make a comeback after the headline-making ordeal.	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/taylor-swift-new-song-look-what-you-made-me-do-apparent-kanye-west-diss-w499090	Taylor Swift Releases Apparent Kanye  est Diss Song	Legit
Celebrity	https://www.vanityfair.com/style/2017/09/jim-carrey-roasts-fashion-week	Jim Carrey Attends Fashion  eek Party Just to Roast Fashion  eek Parties	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall & Kylie  ho? Caitlyn Jenner Jump-Starts Adoption Plans	RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that Caitlyn Jenner is actively exploring the adoption process in a desperate bid to fill the void caused by her strained relationship with her daughters, Kendall and Kylie.	Fake
Celebrity	Brad Pitt Is Running Back to Jen Aniston During His Divorce From Angelina Jolie (EXCLUSIVE)	As Angelina Jolie continues to twist the knife in Brad Pitt's heart amid their impending divorce, the 53-year-old actor is running back to his ex-wife Jennifer Aniston for support, In Touch has exclusively learned. A year after Angelina, 42, blindsided her husband of two years with divorce papers, the actress got candid with The New York Times, seemingly suggesting that her six children are better off without their father.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez & The  eeknd's Plans To Double Date  ith Jennifer Aniston & Justin Theroux	"The love advice Jennifer Aniston, 48, gave Selena Gomez, 24, certainly paid off! So how does the A-List star feel about her new beau The  eeknd, 26? ""Jen couldn't be more excited for Selena. She feels like if anyone deserves to be happy and find true love it's Selena,"" an insider tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY.  So sweet!"	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian and Kanye  est Seeking Charity Donations, Not Baby Gifts	No baby gifts here, please!	Legit
Celebrity	JLo Dumped By NBC After Terrible Ratings - EXCLUSIVE	JLo Dumped By NBC After Terrible Ratings – EXCLUSIVE	Fake
Celebrity	Is Prince Harry Headed To Yale?	NOT since Prince  illiam chose St Andrews as his alma mater has such fevered excitement existed on a university campus, but students hoping to end up sharing a dorm with a prince will have to look a little further afield this time as rumours emerge that Prince Harry is Yale-bound. The 31-year-old royal is thought to be considering Yale Law School in Connecticut as his next move after leaving the army, and the students are understandably excited	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie Threatens Brad Pitt: Don't Bring The Kids Around Jennifer Aniston	Although Angelina Jolie, 41, and Brad Pitt, 53, opted to make their legal docs involving their split completely private on Jan. 10, 2017, Angie's reportedly got a new demand to add to their split negotiations. She doesn't want Brad's reported new texting buddy, Jennifer Aniston, 48, anywhere near her kids, according to In Touch.	Fake
Celebrity	Ryan Seacrest & Girlfriend Shayna Taylor Step Out for a Good Cause	Ryan Seacrest brought his girlfriend Shayna Taylor out for a great cause last night!	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Holds Blue Ivy, Shows Off Baby Bump in Memorial Day Bikini Pic	Oh, baby! Beyoncé, who’s pregnant and expecting twins with husband Jay Z, took to Instagram on Memorial Day, Monday, May 29, to show off her baby bump in an adorable photo featuring their 5-year-old daughter, Blue Ivy.	Legit
Celebrity	Cheers? Sloppy Jessica Simpson & Eric Johnson Becoming Booze Moguls!	Jessica Simpson and Eric Johnson love their booze so much, they’re considering turning their passion into a new business venture, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.	Fake
Celebrity	Hollywood Film Awards: See what Angelina Jolie, Margot Robbie and more were wearing	The Hollywood Film Awards took place last night in Los Angeles, with Margot Robbie (pictured in Louis Vuitton), Angelina Jolie and Dakota Johnson among the glamorous guests.	Legit
Celebrity	Kanye  est -- 'Nervous Breakdown' ... Pushed Over Edge by Anniversary of Mom's Funeral	Pushed Over Edge by Anniversary of Mom's Funeral	Fake
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth wore wedding rings on 'SNL' — and now fans are convinced they got married	"The couple were in a ""Saturday Night Live"" sketch together. Saturday Night Live/YouTube"	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Jealous Of Kourtney’s Bikini Body:  orking Out Twice A Day To Compete	Kim Kardashian is green with envy over her sister’s bangin’ bikini bod. But instead of letting Kourtney Kardashian steal her shine, the OG sex symbol is going  on the attack. Here’s her EXCLUSIVE game plan to take back the spotlight!	Fake
Celebrity	Barack Obama ‘ ants To Cut Loose & Party’ Amid Divorce Rumors | #follownews	Now that he’s out of the  hite House and doesn’t have to keep up the sham image of a loving hubby, former President Barack Obama has kicked wife Michelle to the curb and has yanked off his wedding ring, a source claims.	Fake
Celebrity	Kelly Ripa and Megyn Kelly in a Ratings Battle Over 'Megyn Kelly Today' and 'Live  ith Kelly and Ryan'	Things are getting heated! Megyn Kelly Today and Live  ith Kelly and Ryan air during the same time slot (weekdays at 9 a.m.), so it's no surprise there's a ratings battle going on between hosts Megyn Kelly and Kelly Ripa right now!	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye  est  as Designing Looks For Melania Trump On Inauguration Day Before Breakdown	Kanye  est, 38, is the definition of a true workaholic. In addition to his busy Saint Pablo Tour which was just canceled, 'Ye was inspired to make his clothing pop like popcorn and was secretly putting together some designs for future First Lady Melania Trump, 46, to wear.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift Debuts a Bold Makeunder on Her Reputation Album Cover	Taylor Swift has officially returned. This morning, after a social media blackout followed closely by cryptic clips of a coiling, striking snake, Swift pulled back the curtain on her forthcoming album, Reputation —which expects a November 10 release, according to a subsequent frame—with a stark black and white beauty shot featuring a new take on her trademark beauty look.	Legit
Celebrity	Rosie O'Donnell Sells Her Star Island Mansion for $16.5 Million	2013-06-17T14:07:39-04:00	Legit
Celebrity	Aid worker claims Angelina Jolie adopted son Maddox using fake details	A Cambodian aid worker is making extraordinary claims about Angelina Jolie's 2003 adoption of eldest son Maddox Jolie-Pitt.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston's Diva Set Behavior -  on't Eat Lunch  ith The Cast, Luxury SUV And Private Trailer Miles Away!	Jennifer Aniston is an A-list movie star and RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that's exactly what she acts like on set.	Fake
Celebrity		क्या ड्रेक का नया एकल मतलब वह पहले से ही अपने सबसे हालिया एल्बम के साथ किया है?	Legit
Celebrity	एंजेलीना जोली अमल अलामुद्दीन: यह आ गया है	हेन जॉर्ज और अमल क्लूनी ने दूसरी बार 25 अक्टूबर को अपनी शादी का जश्न मनाया, एक बार फिर दो बहुत ध्यान देने वाले मेहमान गायब थे - ब्रैड पिट और एंजेलीना जोली कहीं नहीं दिख रहे थे	Fake
Celebrity	गोरे लोगों के लिए एक बात? ब्रैड पिट ith मार्गोट रोबी पर जाने के लिए तैयार है	"ब्रैड पिट वापस गोरों के लिए है? एंजेलीना जोली के साथ अपने विभाजन के तुरंत बाद, अफवाहों ने एलाइड अभिनेत्री मैरियन कोटिलार्ड के साथ पिट की सेट-केमिस्ट्री के बारे में चर्चा की। अपने लंबे करियर में अपने कई सह-कलाकारों से जुड़े, जिसमें उनके जल्द ही होने वाले भूतपूर्व होना भी शामिल है, कोई आश्चर्य नहीं कि जोली उन्हें गोरा धमाकेदार, मार्गोट रोबी के साथ काम करने के लिए उत्सुक नहीं थी। ओके रिपोर्ट्स के मुताबिक, ""उन्हें लगता है कि वह अभी हॉलीवुड की सबसे हॉट लड़की है।"" सूत्र के अनुसार, 41 वर्षीय अभिनेता और प्लान बी फिल्म्स के अध्यक्ष ने कई फिल्म परियोजनाओं के लिए उन्हें लुभाने की कोशिश की है। यह एंजी के साथ एक व्यथा विषय था जिसने उन्हें कुछ समय के लिए एक साथ काम करने से रोक दिया था। अब वह फिर से सिंगल है आप ब्रैड से जुनून के बाद जाने की उम्मीद कर सकते हैं। "" और उसे कौन दोषी ठहरा सकता है? 26 साल की ऑस्ट्रेलियाई सुंदरी को '' नई एंजेलिना जोली '' के रूप में जाना जाता है, जो सेलिब्रिटी पत्नियों के दिलों में डर पैदा करती है। बीमार स्मिथ सहित विवाहित अभिनेताओं के साथ ऑन-सेट केमिस्ट्री के लिए उसकी अपनी प्रतिष्ठा है। हॉट एंड हैवी सेक्स सीन्स और उनके फोटो की जगह कोरी ऑफ कैमरा लग रहे थे, स्मिथ को खुद ट्विटर पर अफवाहों को दूर करना था, ""यह निराशाजनक है कि सेट पर घूमने को संदर्भ से बाहर ले जाया जा सकता है।"""	Fake
Celebrity	टॉम हिडलस्टन ने नए एल्बम पर टेलर स्विफ्ट को देखा, जो यहाँ है	जो लोग स्विफ्ट के जीवन में थे या टेलर स्विफ्ट के जीवन में सबसे अधिक संभावना थी, उन्हें पता था कि उन्हें उनके एल्बम पर बुलाया जाएगा, टॉम हिडलेस्टन ने सोचा कि वह सुरक्षित हैं लेकिन, क्या उन्हें लगता है कि वे यहां हैं ...	Fake
Celebrity	जेनरस्टोन इतिहास में दोस्तों की पुनर्मिलन	"जेनिफर एनिस्टन फ्रेंड्स प्रशंसकों को बहुत खुश कर रही है। अभिनेत्री ने संकेत दिया कि वह हिट एनबीसी शो के पुनर्मिलन में दिखाई देने के लिए खुली होगी। एनिस्टन ने एक ब्रिटिश टॉक शो में कहा, ""केवल एक चीज जो मैं सोच सकता हूं कि वह एक थैंक्सगिविंग एपिसोड करने के लिए मज़ेदार है।"" हालाँकि, अरनर ब्रदर्स के एक प्रवक्ता, स्टूडियो ने फ्रेंड्स का निर्माण किया, ने न्यूयॉर्क पोस्ट को बताया कि फ्रेंड्स रीयूनियन शो के बारे में कोई प्रारंभिक चर्चा नहीं हुई है।"	Fake
Celebrity	लिंडसे लोहान: व्लादिमीर पुतिन के बाद स्टारलेट लस्टिंग	"लीलो ने अचानक ""क्रेमलिन क्रॉच"" पर अपनी ज्वलंत आँखों का उद्देश्य बताया कि वह पलंग पर है और वह कुख्यात सोवियत मज़बूत व्लादिमीर पुतिन को बताती है - और फिर आधिकारिक तौर पर ""रूस की राजकुमारी पूटी-तांग"" का ताज पहनाया जाएगा।"	Fake
Celebrity	साइंटोलॉजी शोडाउन केटी होम्स जेना एल्फमैन ने अजेवर्ड 'जीएमए' रन-इन में पकड़ा	एक बार, गुड मॉर्निंग अमेरिका में नाटक में रॉबिन रॉबर्ट्स और उनके नए कट्टर-दासता, माइकल स्ट्रहान शामिल नहीं थे।	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye est चींटियों काइली की तरह सौंदर्य प्रसाधन व्यवसाय में प्रवेश करती हैं	कान्ये एस्ट अपनी प्रसिद्ध भाभी के साथ सिर-से-सिर जाना चाहते हैं ... काइली जेनर के प्रभुत्व वाले कॉस्मेटिक बिज़ में पहले डाइविंग हेड।	Fake
Celebrity	डांसिंग विद द स्टार्स 2017 कास्ट में चारो, बोनर बोल्टन, हीदर मोरिस मोर शामिल हैं	"सितारों के साथ नृत्य पर हो? आइए जानें 2017 के नए डांसिंग विद द स्टार्स 2017 के कलाकारों की घोषणा गुड मॉर्निंग अमेरिका पर की गई थी। सीज़न 24 के प्रतियोगियों ने सीज़न प्रीमियर में शुरुआत की, जिसमें डांसिंग ऑफ़ द स्टार्स के 400 वें एपिसोड को भी चिन्हित किया गया। यह शो एबीसी पर MONDAYS 8 | 7c प्रसारित करता है। इस सीज़न की लाइनअप में बोनर बोल्टन, मिस्टर टी, ओलंपियन्स सिमोन बाइल्स और नैन्सी केरिगन, हीथर मॉरिस और मूल ""कूची-कूची"" लड़की चारो का नाम शामिल है। सीज़न 24 प्रीमियर से अद्भुत शुरुआती संख्या का आनंद लेने के बाद नीचे दिए गए सितारों के साथ पूर्ण नृत्य देखें"	Legit
Celebrity	कर्स्टन डंस्ट बताते हैं कि वह कान 2017 के लाल कालीन पर क्यों रो रही थी	कर्स्टन डंस्ट को इस साल के कान्स फिल्म फेस्टिवल में रहस्यमय तरीके से रेड कार्पेट पर रोते हुए देखा गया था, और अब ऐसा लगता है कि हमारे पास अचानक हुए विस्फोट का स्पष्टीकरण है।	Legit
Celebrity	बियॉन्से के गोद भराई के अंदर	जैसे आपको पता नहीं था कि बियॉन्से इसे बंद करने जा रहा था, जब यह उसके बच्चे को स्नान करने के लिए आया था।	Legit
Celebrity	प्रिंस - द ड्रग ओवरडोज़ के पीछे की सच्चाई	"द एनक्वायरर की रिपोर्ट के अनुसार, प्रिंस को एचआईवी का पता चला था, जो वायरस एड्स का कारण बनता है, 1990 के दशक में। सूत्रों ने कहा कि यहोवा की आस्था ने उसके विश्वास के कारण दवाओं के साथ घातक बीमारी से लड़ने के लिए नहीं चुना, ""भगवान मुझे बचाएगा"" छह महीने पहले, उन्हें डॉक्टरों द्वारा बताया गया था कि उन्हें पूर्ण विकसित एड्स था और जीने के लिए सिर्फ छह महीने थे, सूत्रों ने कहा। ""एनकवायरर ने एक अंदरूनी सूत्र ने बताया,"" वह दर्द को नहीं ले सकता था जो बीमारी उसके अंतिम चरण में पैदा कर रही थी। ""और वह केवल धीरे-धीरे बर्बाद नहीं करना चाहता था"""	Fake
Celebrity	हॉलीवुड में शगुन पर ब्लेक लाइवली, निर्देशन और संभावित 'गॉसिप गर्ल' रीयूनियन	"वैराइटी की शक्ति शगुन सम्मान में से एक के रूप में, ब्लेक लाइवली चाइल्ड रेस्क्यू गठबंधन के समर्थन में शुक्रवार को दोपहर के भोजन में भाग लेंगे। इस हफ्ते के अंक के लिए, अभिनेत्री ने हॉलीवुड में महिलाओं के बारे में बात की, ""गॉसिप गर्ल"" के लिए न्यूयॉर्क में शूटिंग की और एक भूमिका में क्या देखा।"	Legit
Celebrity	निकोल किडमैन अंत में बोटॉक्स के लिए स्वीकार करता है	जहां तक हम बता सकते हैं, बोटॉक्स सेलिब्रिटी दोषी सुखों की सूची में सबसे ऊपर है: हर कोई इसे करता है, लेकिन कोई भी इसके बारे में बात नहीं करता है। सिवाय निकोल किडमैन के, जो है।	Legit
Celebrity	टॉम क्रूज ने अजीब तरह से बेटी सूरी के बारे में सवाल उठाया	टॉम क्रूज़ ने कल रात मम्मी के प्रीमियर पर बेटी सूरी के बारे में विनम्रता से एक सवाल का जवाब दिया, लेकिन इस जवाब के बारे में विस्तार से बताने के लिए वह सहज नहीं दिखे।	Legit
Celebrity	हाँ, किम कार्दशियन और कान्य स्थापन एक साइनअप पर हस्ताक्षर कर रहे हैं, लेकिन लगता है कि यह अधिक है	तथ्य यह है कि किम कार्दशियन और कान्ये ने एक पूर्व-समझौता समझौते पर हस्ताक्षर करने की योजना बनाई है, शायद बहुतों के लिए आश्चर्य की बात नहीं होगी, लेकिन हाल ही में दावा किया गया है कि कौन अधिक योग्य होगा।	Legit
Celebrity	कैटिलिन जेनर: उसके चारों ओर झूठी अफवाहें, उसके तनावपूर्ण पारिवारिक संबंध और उसके स्पष्ट संस्मरण यहाँ पर पढ़ें -	रडारऑनलाइन ने कैटिलिन के बारे में एक कहानी प्रकाशित की जिसमें दावा किया गया था कि ट्रांसजेंडर रियलिटी टीवी स्टार और पूर्व डिकैथलेट अपनी कामुकता का पता लगाने के लिए ऑनलाइन जा रहे हैं और कई गुप्त 'साइबर हुकअप्स' का आनंद ले रहे हैं। कहानी में the हुकअप ’की परिभाषा स्पष्ट नहीं की गई है। लेकिन रिपोर्ट में कहा गया है कि ग्राहकों के साथ किसी भी ऑफ़लाइन बातचीत के बिना कैटलिन जेनर ऑनलाइन रोमांस में हैं। टैब्लॉइड ने एक अंदरूनी सूत्र के हवाले से कहा है:	Legit
Celebrity	एक्वामन अभिनेत्रियों निकोल किडमैन और एम्बर हर्ड ने डीसी फिल्म के सेट पर झगड़ा किया?	जेम्स ने पिछले महीने ऑस्ट्रेलिया में एक्वामैन के लिए फिल्मांकन शुरू किया था। हाइल जेसन मोमोआ और मेरा अभिनेत्री एम्बर हर्ड ने पहले ही एक साथ अपना पहला दृश्य शूट किया है, रानी एटलाना अभिनेत्री निकोल किडमैन कुछ दिनों पहले पहुंची थी। उसके उतरने के बाद, सेट पर कथित तौर पर झगड़े हुए हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	चेल्सी हैंडलर सोचता है कि 'यह पागल है' लोगों को लगता है कि जेनिफर एनिस्टन को एंजेलीना जोली और ब्रैड पिट के बीच टोपी के बारे में परवाह है	कम से कम चेल्सी हैंडलर और बेस्टी जेनिफर एनिस्टन के लिए हॉलीवुड में अफवाहों का मुकाबला करने की बात आती है, तो हँसी सबसे अच्छी दवा है।	Legit
Celebrity	चेल्सी हैंडलर बेन एफ्लेक के बारे में कहने के लिए कुछ भी अच्छा नहीं है (EXCLUSIVE)	Hoes on bros जाहिर तौर पर, कॉमेडियन चेल्सी हैंडलर उस मंत्र को दिल से लगा लेती है क्योंकि वह अपने सबसे अच्छे दोस्त, जेनिफर गार्नर के पूर्व, बेन एफ्लेक में आंसू बहाने के लिए तैयार है। 42-वर्षीय बेन / जेन विभाजित में 100 प्रतिशत टीमजेन है - और ईमानदारी से, क्या आप उसे दोष दे सकते हैं? टच में अर्गो स्टार के लिए चेल्सी के पास वास्तव में क्या है, इस पर अनन्य स्कूप है।	Fake
Celebrity	ऑस्कर: मेल गिब्सन, केसी एफ्लेक और हॉलीवुड की स्लाइडिंग स्केल ऑफ मॉरल पनिशमेंट	"एस्टा ला में लैंडमार्क थियेटरों के पुरुषों का टॉयलेट उतना ही अच्छा है जितना कि ऑस्कर मतदाताओं की सच्ची भावनाओं को समझने के लिए। कुछ शनिवार को हक्सॉ रिज के एक प्रदर्शन के बाद, मैंने खुद को दो सज्जनों के बगल में हाथ धोते हुए पाया - दोनों लगभग 63 वर्ष के थे, अकादमी के सदस्यों की औसत आयु, कुंग फू पांडा 2 टोपी (एक तरह की टोपी) पहने हुए एक बड़ा आदमी तब तक नहीं पहनता जब तक कि उसने फिल्म पर काम नहीं किया) यह चर्चा करते हुए कि उन्होंने अभी क्या देखा था। ""उस आदमी को पसंद नहीं करना चाहता था, लेकिन ..."", पहले आदमी ने कहा, पीछे चल रहा है। ""लेकिन मेल निर्देशित कर सकते हैं,"" दोस्त ने समाप्त कर दिया।"	Legit
Celebrity	'डी टीएस' के झगड़े की अफवाहों के बीच वैनेसा लाची ने चुप्पी तोड़ी	यह डांसिंग जोड़ी उनकी लय को खोजने की कोशिश कर रही है।	Legit
Celebrity	जॉर्ज क्लूनी का 220 एम का संपादन आपदा - प्रेनुप फुड, अतिथि सूची फ़्लब प्लानर छोड़ो	मंगेतर अमल अलामुद्दीन के लिए जॉर्ज क्लूनी की आगामी नृशंस तबाही हो रही है - एक दंपति दंपति पर बहस कर रहा है, एक अतिथि सूची के झगड़े के बारे में चिंता करता है और उनके वेडिंग प्लानर छोड़ने के बारे में सोचते हैं - और युगल भी इसे नीचे नहीं कर सकते हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन ने अपने सरोगेट से बात की	वह सरोगेट के माध्यम से अपने तीसरे बच्चे की उम्मीद कर रही है।	Fake
Celebrity	जेनेट जैक्सन की सीक्रेट प्लास्टिक सर्जरी	जेनेट जैक्सन लंबी बांहों और दस्ताने के नीचे अपनी मुरझाई हुई बूढ़ी महिला के हाथों को छिपाते हुए थक गई है - इसलिए अब वह उन्हें एक मेकओवर दे रही है	Fake
Celebrity	नए पिता रयान गोस्लिंग ने सिगरेट पर कश लगाया क्योंकि उन्होंने नई फिल्म द नाइस गाईस की फिल्में कीं	रायन गोस्लिंग ने कल अटलांटा में अपनी नई फिल्म 'द नाइस गाईज़' के सेट पर [AKM-GSI]	Legit
Celebrity	सोशल मीडिया ने सेरेना इलियट के संपादन में किम कार्दशियन को नो-फोन नियम की अनदेखी करने के लिए उकसाया	एक अंदरूनी सूत्र ने हमें बताया कि एक दाई ने रियलिटी टीवी स्टार का अनुसरण किया ताकि यह सुनिश्चित हो सके कि वह नियमों का सम्मान करती है। सेरेना इलियट और एलेक्सिस ओहानियन की शादी निश्चित रूप से याद रखने वाली थी, और किम कार्दशियन भी थीं। लेकिन जैसा कि हमने सीखा है, कीपिंग अप विद द कार्दशियन सेलेब को सोशल मीडिया से बहुत लंबे समय तक दूर रहने में परेशानी होती है।	Fake
Celebrity	एमी पर उसके एलेक्जेंडर स्कार्सगार्ड चुंबन पर एक टिप्पणी के माध्यम से निकोल किडमैन Charmingly bungles	"आह, निकोल किडमैन और कीथ अर्बन। वह, एक ऑस्ट्रेलियाई फिल्म स्थिरता ने एक बार हॉलीवुड के प्रमुख व्यक्ति से शादी की। वह, नैशविले दिल के साथ एक ऑस्ट्रेलियाई देश के गायक। साथ में वे एक द्वि-तटीय, द्वि-देश, द्वि-महाद्वीप शक्ति युगल हैं। आगे बढ़ें, उन्हें किसी भी रेड कार्पेट पर एक साथ चलते हुए देखें और बिना रुके रहने की कोशिश करें। वे दो आकर्षण कारखानों जो विशिष्ट बाल विकल्प बनाने के लिए आप कोई मौका नहीं के कारण है कि जब वह होठों पर उसकी बिजली बिग लिटिल झूठ भूमिका के लिए सर्वश्रेष्ठ अभिनेत्री जीता है, और चूमा अपने टीवी पति, बहुत लंबा एलेक्जेंडर स्कार्सगार्ड, जबकि उसकी वास्तविक पति देखा कि है प्यार से, हर कोई, ""टोपी की तरह था? है ना? होठो पर?"""	Legit
Celebrity	ए.टी.सी.	"""मैं सिर्फ एक बच्चे को दुनिया में सबसे बड़ा उपहार होने पर विचार करता हूं,"" डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प की पूर्व पत्नी एक नृत्य में सितारों की पूर्वावलोकन क्लिप के साथ विशेष रूप से कहती है। ""हर एक पल, अच्छा, चुनौतीपूर्ण, हर्षित, दर्दनाक, यह सब बहुत महत्वपूर्ण है।"""	Legit
Celebrity	'फिफ्टी शेड्स डार्कर' अपडेट: जेमी डॉर्नन, डकोटा जॉनसन सेट पर झगड़े के बाद अलग हो गए; फिल्म की रिलीज में देरी?	पचास सदस्य शेड्स डार्कर अब कलाकारों के सदस्यों जेमी डॉर्नन और डकोटा जॉनसन के बीच कथित झगड़े के कारण परेशानी में पड़ सकते हैं।	Fake
Celebrity		काइली 'फ्यूमिंग' ओवर 'कोपेकैट' सिस्टर किम का परफ्यूम लॉन्च	Fake
Celebrity	क्या मैडोना चींटी सैन्य स्कूल में विद्रोही रोक्को भेजने के लिए?	मडोना के बेटे रोक्को ने अपने पिता के घर के लिए जो कारण बताया वह स्पष्ट हो रहा है। ऐसा लगता है कि मैडोना घर पर थोड़ा अधिक सख्त है, जिसकी कोई कल्पना नहीं करेगा, और वह बेटे रोक्को को सैन्य स्कूल भेजना चाहती है। 15 वर्षीय रोक्को रिची जाना नहीं चाहता है, और मैडोना के साथ दौरे पर, वह अपने पिता के साथ रहने के लिए भाग गया।	Fake
Celebrity	टायगा ने काइली जेनर ब्रेकअप के बारे में खुलासा किया	बिग बॉय टीवी के साथ एक नए साक्षात्कार में, टायगा-काइली जेनर के साथ अपने विभाजन से एक महीने पहले, युगल के निधन के कारण के बारे में नई जानकारी सामने आई।	Legit
Celebrity	ट्रामाटिक पेरिस रॉबरी के बाद ज्वैलरी के लिए किम कार्दशियन	भले ही यह तब से थोड़ी देर हो चुकी है और हम सभी को लगता है कि रियलिटी टीवी स्टार बहुत बेहतर था, ऐसा लगता है कि पेरिस डकैती की भयावहता अभी भी किम कार्दशियन के दिमाग में है।	Fake
Celebrity	क्रिश जेनर को कार्दशियन की भावी पीढ़ियों के लिए चिंतित है	क्रिश जेनर, छह की माँ और छह से अधिक दादी, एक व्यस्त मैट्रिच है। 2007 में उसके परिवार के रियलिटी शो की शुरुआत के बाद से, यह स्पष्ट है कि वह एक नजर रियलिटी-टीवी सर्कस पर प्रशिक्षित कर रही है और दूसरी यह कि सर्कस उसके परिवार को कैसे प्रभावित करता है। हॉलीवुड रिपोर्टर के साथ एक नए रियलिटी-टीवी राउंडटेबल के दौरान, जेनर ने कहा कि वह इस बात की चिंता करती है कि उसके छह पोते परिवार के व्यवसाय से कैसे प्रभावित होंगे।	Legit
Celebrity	जस्टिन बीबर ने पीक इथ कान्य एस्ट में 'टेलर स्विफ्ट हैट अप' लिखा है	"अभी तक यह सुनिश्चित नहीं है कि इसका क्या मतलब है, लेकिन मंगलवार की सुबह (अगस्त 2) जस्टिन बीबर ने 85,000 से अधिक टिप्पणियों में केवल छह घंटे के लिए राउंड में खुद को स्नैप करने के लिए जॉन लेनन-शैली के धूप का चश्मा का सामना किया, जिसमें डेन के अलावा कोई नहीं था लेकिन यह कैप्शन है जिसमें इंटरनेट का अनुमान लगाया गया है: ""टेलर स्विफ्ट व्हाट्स अप,"" बीबर ने लिखा।"	Legit
Celebrity	'सेकेंड एक्ट' कास्ट स्टार्स मिलो वेन्टिमिग्लिया जेनिफर लोपेज कोई भी उनके भावनाओं को नियंत्रित नहीं कर सकता है	अब तक के सबसे हॉट फिल्मी जोड़ों में से एक के लिए तैयार हो जाइए ... और यह बहुत अप्रत्याशित है, टीवी हार्टथ्रोब मिलो मिलोन्तिगलिया ने जेनिफर लोपेज की आने वाली रोमांटिक कॉमेडी, दूसरा एक्ट पर साइन किया है, और ऐसा लगता है कि हम कुछ चिंगारी देखने जा रहे हैं उनके बीच उड़ो। वेरो के अनुसार, नई फिल्म में जे। लो के बॉयफ्रेंड की भूमिका में मिलानो वेन्टिमिग्लिया निभाएंगे, और कास्टिंग की खबर से दोनों सितारों के प्रशंसक हिल गए।	Legit
Celebrity	केविन हार्ट ने इफिको पैरिश को माफी के लिए कहा, 250000 पुश गिफ्ट	"केविन हार्ट खुद से कह रहा है - 250,000 उपहार की तरह ""मैं आपको धोखा देने और आपको अपमानित करने के लिए माफी चाहता हूं"" कुछ भी नहीं कहता।"	Fake
Celebrity	क्रिस प्रैट Snubs जस्टिन बीबर दोस्ती	क्या एक साथ प्रार्थना करने वाले सितारे एक साथ खेलते हैं? नहीं तो वे जस्टिन बीबर और क्रिस प्रैट हैं	Fake
Celebrity	लिआह रिमिनी जेनिफर लोपेज और साइंटोलॉजी कनेक्शन के बारे में अपनी दोस्ती के बारे में जानती है	जेनिफर लोपेज और पूर्व-साइंटोलॉजिस्ट लीह रेमिनी सबसे अच्छे दोस्त हैं। वे कई वर्षों से एक-दूसरे को जानते हैं और बहुत कुछ कर चुके हैं। आओ, उनकी दोस्ती किस माध्यम से बुनी जाती है। यह हमेशा लगता है कि लिआह केवल एक चर्च ऑफ साइंटोलॉजी कनेक्शन के साथ था, लेकिन ऐसा नहीं है।	Fake
Celebrity	प्रिंस इलियम केट सीजन के पहले रॉयल गार्डन पार्टी में भाग लेते हैं	ith गर्म मौसम में एक चीज आती है: बगीचे की पार्टियां	Legit
Celebrity	कैमेरॉन डिएज़	संक्षिप्त विवरण	Fake
Celebrity	केविन हार्ट और ife Eniko Parrish ने शेयर की बेबी केंजो की प्यारी तस्वीरें	केविन हार्ट और पत्नी एनिको पैरिश ने अपने नवजात शिशु, केंज़ो काश हार्ट की एक प्यारी तस्वीर साझा की, और माता-पिता ने मदद नहीं की	Legit
Celebrity	सबसे बड़ी कोस्टार फ्यूड्स एंड फाइट्स एवर	कोस्टार संघर्ष हिले सेलेब पेशेवर रहते हैं जब कैमरे रोलिंग कर रहे होते हैं, पर्दे के पीछे कैटफाइट्स, रोना और आंखों को लुढ़कना होता है। एक हिट टीवी शो के कई सीज़न या एक फिल्म के लिए कुछ महीनों के लिए उन्हें एक साथ काम करने के लिए मजबूर किया गया था, इन सितारों को बस साथ नहीं मिल सकता था।	Fake
Celebrity	कैटिलिन जेनर: रॉबर्ट कार्दशियन ने ओजे सिम्पसन गिल्टी ऑफ मर्डर को माना	"कैटिलिन जेनर के आगामी संस्मरण, द सीक्रेट्स ऑफ माय लाइफ, को एक पुस्तक के रूप में प्रस्तुत किया गया है जिसमें वह ""अपने अतीत को दर्शाती है क्योंकि वह अपने भविष्य को देखती है।"" ढेर वह कई विषयों पर छूती है, जैसे कि उसकी ओलंपिक विजय और तीन असफल विवाह, रहस्योद्घाटन कि रॉबर्ट कार्दशियन ने कथित तौर पर उसे बताया कि वह मानता है कि ओजे सिम्पसन निकोल ब्राउन सिम्पसन की हत्या का दोषी था और रोनाल्ड गोल्डमैन लहरें बना रहा है।"	Legit
Celebrity	दावों ऐनी हैथवे ने चैरिटी इवेंट में 'दिवा' की मांग की	ANNE हैथवे पर इस महीने के शुरू में सांता मोनिका में एक कैंसर चैरिटी कार्यक्रम से पहले दिवा की तरह काम करने और मांगों की एक लंबी सूची प्रस्तुत करने का आरोप लगाया गया है।	Fake
Celebrity	कुछ समय पहले ही टेलर स्विफ्ट को VMA से बैन कर दिया जाता है	27 अगस्त, 2016: यदि आप सोच रहे थे कि संगीत में सबसे महत्वपूर्ण व्यक्ति कौन है - यह BEYONCE है। इस सप्ताह की शुरुआत में यह घोषणा की गई थी कि टेलर स्विफ्ट इस साल के VMA अवार्ड्स में प्रदर्शन नहीं करेगी। रिपोर्ट्स के अनुसार ell यह बियॉन्से था जिसे टेलर ने प्रतिबंधित कर दिया था।	Fake
Celebrity	आशावादी काइली जेनर छुपाने में एक 'इमोशनल रेक' है, स्रोत से पता चलता है - 'वह अकेले महसूस करती है'	टोपी से भी बदतर यह है कि उसकी एकमात्र वास्तविक मदद, मातृसत्तात्मक क्रिस जेनर के पास वास्तव में अपनी सबसे छोटी बेटी के नाटक से निपटने का समय नहीं है। नई रिपोर्ट्स के मुताबिक, अपनी प्रेग्नेंसी को लपेटे में रखने का तनाव 20 साल की काइली जेनर पर भारी पड़ रहा है।	Fake
Celebrity	फिफ्टी शेड्स डार्क न्यूज: जेमी डॉर्नन ने डकोटा जॉनसन की 'अजीबता' के पीछे TRUTH का खुलासा किया	फिफ्टी शेड्स डार्कर स्टार जेमी डोर्नन ने खुलासा किया है कि सह-कलाकार डकोटा जॉनसन के साथ उनका रिश्ता वास्तव में कैसा है - पहली फिल्म को स्वीकार करते हुए वह बहुत दुखी थी।	Legit
Celebrity	Hoopi Goldberg New Host Rosie O'Donnell ar - 'द व्यू' पर तनाव, बैठने की व्यवस्था पर लड़ना	ith में केवल कुछ हफ़्ते तक ही देखने को मिलता है जब तक कि हूपी गोल्डबर्ग और रोज़ी ओडोनेल के साथ प्रीमियर नहीं होता, RadarOnline.com को विशेष रूप से पता चला है कि सेट पर, दो दिवा पहले से ही एक स्टैंड-अप पर हैं जो मॉडरेटर सीट प्राप्त करेंगे।	Fake
Celebrity	रॉबर्ट पैटिनसन और एफकेए टिग्स ने कान्स को हिस-एंड-हर्स डायर में ले लिया	रॉबर्ट पैटिनसन और एफकेए टिग्स शायद ही कभी शैली के पारंपरिक नियमों का पालन करते हैं, और जब यह जोड़ी कान को हिट करने का समय था, तो उन्होंने लाल कालीन को एक साहसी युगल का क्षण दिया। पैटिंसन की नवीनतम फिल्म, गुड टाइम के प्रीमियर पर अपने-और-डायर पर कान लगाते हुए, उन्होंने स्टॉराइड फ्रेंच ब्रांड के दो पहलू दिखाए, पैटिंसन के साथ, लेबल का एक चेहरा, एक डैपर थ्री-पीस डायमे हॉमे ब्लैक सूट में क्लासिक जा रहा है और पोस्टकार्ड प्रिंटेड ड्रेस में दुस्साहस के लिए टहनियाँ।	Legit
Celebrity	क्रिस प्रैट और एना फ़ारिस निश्चित रूप से एक थिएटर बच्चे का पालन-पोषण कर रहे हैं	क्रिस प्रैट और अन्ना फारिस का चार साल का बेटा, जैक, जो अनिवार्य रूप से एक इमर्सिव-थिएटर क्लास है, में बड़ा हो रहा है। हेन प्रैट ने शुक्रवार को अपने टॉक शो में एलेन डीजेनर्स से बात की, उन्होंने कहा कि वह और फारिस, दोनों पेशेवर कलाकार, पेरेंटिंग, विशेष रूप से कहानी समय, को बहुत गंभीरता से लेते हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	कंबोडिया पर एंजेलिना जोली 'जागृति'	"एंजेलिना जोली ने कहा है कि कैसे कंबोडिया उनकी ""जागृति"" थी, क्योंकि उन्होंने देश में अपनी नई फिल्म का प्रीमियर किया था।"	Legit
Celebrity		गर्भवती काइली जेनर 'चेंजिंग बॉडी' के बारे में 'सेल्फ कॉन्शियस' कहती हैं	Fake
Celebrity	2015 डेटाइम एमी अवार्ड्स: बेटी हाईट, एलेन डीजेनर्स मोर इननर्स	उठो और टीवी प्रेमियों को चमकाओ यह दिन में सबसे अच्छा जश्न मनाने का समय है।	Legit
Celebrity	ईएसपीवाईएस भाषण के लिए लावर्ने कॉक्स और रॉब लोव ने कैटेलिन जेनर की सराहना की	LAVERNE COX, ROB LO E और RUSSELL SIMMONS सहित हस्तियों ने सोशल मीडिया पर CAITLYN जेनर को ईएसपीवाईएस पर अपने शक्तिशाली स्वीकृति भाषण के लिए बधाई देने के लिए ले लिया है (15 अगस्त 15)।	Legit
Celebrity	बेयॉन्से हिलेरी क्लिंटन से सरप्राइज विजिट करता है	हिलेरी क्लिंटन ने हाल ही में रानी ... Bey, यानी की एक यात्रा का भुगतान किया	Fake
Celebrity	"लियोनार्डो डिकैप्रियो ने ""साल्वेटर मुंडी,"" 100 मिलियन दा विंची में अभिनय करने का भी आनंद लिया"	"एक ही पार्टी में लियोनार्डो डिकैप्रियो, पैटी स्मिथ, एलेक्स रोड्रिगेज और जेनिफर लोपेज को खोजने की उम्मीद नहीं की जा सकती है (ठीक है, पिछले दो, शायद), लेकिन इस सप्ताह के अंत में, चारों एक नीलामी पूर्वावलोकन के अनुमानित 4,500 उपस्थितियों में से थे। क्रिस्टी की। वहां, उन्हें ""साल्वाटर मुंडी,"" पर दृष्टि पाने का मौका मिला, लियोनार्डो दा विंची पेंटिंग ने पहले सोचा था कि इसे ""द लास्ट विंसी"" के रूप में देखा जा रहा है, जो आज रात इसकी नीलामी के लिए अग्रणी है।"	Legit
Celebrity	क्या टॉम हिडलेस्टन की 'शर्मनाक' रोमांस ith टेलर स्विफ्ट कॉस्ट हिम ए जॉब?	"Yikes, टॉम Hiddleston और टेलर स्विफ्ट के रोमांस (शोमास?) वास्तव में प्रभाव नहीं है कि उनकी पीआर टीमों के लिए आशा व्यक्त की थी, टॉम कथित तौर पर ""शर्मनाक"" प्रदर्शन के कारण एक बड़ा अनुबंध खोने के साथ।"	Fake
Celebrity	स्कारलेट जोहानसन के नए आदमी ने पुष्टि की है कि वे डेटिंग कर रहे हैं	HelloGiggles के संपादकों से	Legit
Celebrity	कैथी ग्रिफिन की भविष्यवाणी से करियर खत्म	घिसे-पिटे कॉमेडियन कैथी ग्रिफिन का कहना है कि वह डोनाल्ड ट्रंप से डरने वाले नहीं हैं और उनका मजाक उड़ाने की योजना है लेकिन उन्होंने कहा कि उन्हें एक वीडियो के लिए खेद है जो उन्हें राष्ट्रपति के विच्छेदित, खूनी सिर की समानता को दर्शाता है।	Legit
Celebrity	रीनिंग सेलेना गोमेज़ और ऑरलैंडो ब्लूम का बदला लेने के लिए मिरांडा केर और जस्टिन बीबर ईर्ष्या कर रहे हैं?	यह सप्ताहांत पहली बार नहीं था जब हमने सेलेना गोमेज़ और ऑरलैंडो ब्लूम को एक साथ देखा था, तो क्या आप हमें अटकलों के लिए दोषी ठहरा सकते हैं ???	Fake
Celebrity	केविन हार्ट और एनिको पैरिश बेबी का स्वागत करते हैं	कॉमेडियन ने मंगलवार को ट्वीट किया कि उनकी पत्नी एनिको पैरिश ने उनके बेटे को जन्म दिया है।	Legit
Celebrity	रॉबर्ट पैटिंसन आखिरकार सफल फिल्म है - ट्वाइलाइट कर्स ओवर? | सेलेब डर्टी लॉन्ड्री	"रॉबर्ट पैटिनसन को उनकी आने वाली फिल्म ""गुड टाइम"" की सफलता के साथ जोड़ा गया है। फिल्म का प्रीमियर कान्स फिल्म फेस्टिवल में हुआ और फिल्म और अभिनेता को छह मिनट का स्टैंडिंग ओवेशन मिला। रॉबर्ट के आस-पास भी ऑस्कर की चर्चा है, कुछ अटकलों के साथ कि वह एक सर्वश्रेष्ठ अभिनेता का नामांकन प्राप्त कर सकते हैं।"	Fake
Celebrity	एक और ग्रह पर जिम कैरी विदेशी सरीसृप नियम पृथ्वी	कॉमिक जिम कैरी गुपचुप तरीके से एक गुप्त साजिश के अनुयायी हैं जो मानते हैं कि विदेशी सरीसृप दुनिया को चलाते हैं यहां तक कि न्यूट्रीयर, डंब और डम्बर स्टार की योजना है कि वह नौकरी के लिए डेविड इके के विचित्र सिद्धांत के प्रति अपनी प्रतिबद्धता के साथ सार्वजनिक रूप से चले।	Fake
Celebrity	विक्टोरिया बेकहम की बड़ी फैशन गाइड: पॉश स्पाइस बुक टू राइटिंग ब्रिट्स टू ड्रेस कैसे	फैशन व्यवसाय में 10 साल का अंकन करने के लिए पॉश अगले वर्ष पुस्तक का विमोचन करने के लिए तैयार हैं। कहा जाता है कि स्पाइस गर्ल-डिजाइनर ने यूएस वोग के संपादक अन्ना इंटौर के साथ मिलकर काम किया है। यह जोड़ी हाल के वर्षों में करीबी दोस्त बन गई है, जिसमें इंटूर ने कहा कि गाइड के पीछे ड्राइविंग बल होना चाहिए।	Fake
Celebrity	मेगन जेम्स रॉब कार्दशियन डेटिंग अफवाहों पर बोलती है	"क्या रॉब कार्दशियन को बैड गर्ल्स क्लब में एक नया बूम मेगन जेम्स मिला है? मीडिया आउटलेट्स ने पिछले हफ्ते रिपोर्ट करना शुरू किया कि रॉब और मेगन अपने रिश्ते में ""शुरुआती दौर"" में थे, एक अनाम अंदरूनी सूत्र ने इन टच में बताया, ""रॉब मेहगन जेम्स को लगभग तीन महीने से देख रहा है, और अधिकांश कार्दशियन इसके बारे में बहुत उत्साहित हैं। क्योंकि मेहगन को नियंत्रण से बाहर और अस्थिर होने के लिए जाना जाता है। कार्दशियन चाहते हैं कि रॉब एक ऐसी महिला को खोजे जो दयालु और शांत हो। """	Legit
Celebrity	मिडलाइफ़ संकट के बीच क्या लियोनार्डो डिकैप्रियो प्रेम जीवन में रुचि खो रहे हैं?	टाइटैनिक स्टार के नाम को हाल ही में एक पत्रिका ने घसीटा है और दावा किया है कि 43 वर्षीय यह स्टार दिन-प्रतिदिन असामाजिक हो रहा है।	Fake
Celebrity	क्रिश जेनर ने काइली की प्रेग्नेंसी पर उसकी चुप्पी तोड़ दी	यदि आपको पहले से पता नहीं था कि काइली जेनर गर्भवती है, तो ठीक है, मैं सबसे पहले आपको बता दूं: काइली जेनर गर्भवती हैं	Legit
Celebrity	खट्टे नोट ज़ैन ने विनाशकारी युगल के लिए मजबूर किया टेलर	RadarOnline.com ने ज़ैन मलिक और टेलर स्विफ्ट की फिफ्टी शेड्स डार्कर युगल को केवल सुपरस्टार के साथ सहयोग करने के लिए मजबूर करने के बारे में सीखा है।	Fake
Celebrity	ब्रैड पिट हॉलीवुड की घटना पर मुस्कुराते हुए संघर्ष करने के लिए संघर्ष Custody लड़ाई कान उसे नीचे	अपनी पूर्व पत्नी एंजेलिना जोली के साथ लंबी अदालती लड़ाई के बाद, ब्रैड पिट ने शनिवार की रात को मालीबू में एक आराम और मुस्कुराते हुए आभा के साथ दिखाया।	Fake
Celebrity	"जूलिया रॉबर्ट्स और डैनी मोडर तलाक के लिए जिम्मेदार हो सकते हैं: ""समस्याएँ ऊपर रखें"""	कहो तो यह नहीं है	Fake
Celebrity	केंडल जेनर चींटियों को कार्दशियन कबीले से मुक्त करने के लिए	केंडल जेनर अपने प्रसिद्ध परिवार से आगे बढ़ने के लिए तैयार हैं। टच में विशेष रूप से पता चला है कि 18 वर्षीय मॉडल अपने करियर को आगे बढ़ाने के लिए कार्दशियन से बाहर चाहती है।	Fake
Celebrity	एरिक जॉनसन के जन्मदिन के लिए जेसिका सिम्पसन ने अपने बट को फ्लैश किया: Pic	जेसिका सिम्पसन ने अपने पति एरिक जॉनसन का 38 वां जन्मदिन 17 सितंबर, रविवार को इंस्टाग्राम पर एक श्रद्धांजलि साझा करके मनाया।	Legit
Celebrity	मेलानिया के शिविर ने अमेरिकी ईक्ली की 'अलग बिस्तर' रिपोर्ट का खंडन किया	मेलानिया ट्रम्प ने अपना कार्यकारी आदेश जारी किया है: उसने डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प के साथ एक बिस्तर साझा करने से इनकार कर दिया।	Legit
Celebrity	द एक्स फैक्टर के लिए बातचीत में मारिया केरी - रिपोर्ट	Mariah Carey द एक्स फैक्टर जजिंग पैनल में शामिल होने के लिए बातचीत कर रही है।	Legit
Celebrity	क्रिस हेम्सवर्थ, चार्लीज़ थेरोन के किड्स ने 'हंट्समैन' सेट पर एक साथ खेला	एक बहुत बढ़िया नाटककार क्रिस हेम्सवर्थ और चार्लीज़ थेरॉन ने खुलासा किया कि वे दोनों अपने बच्चों को काम पर ले आए, जब वे द हंट्समैन: इंटर की फिल्म कर रहे थे, और इसने सेट की गतिशीलता को पूरी तरह से बदल दिया।	Legit
Celebrity	जेनिफर एनिस्टन: आई एम नॉट ए 'सैड, चाइल्डलेस ह्यूमन'	जेनिफर एनिस्टन को कोई शक नहीं है कि पति जस्टिन थेरॉक्स उनके लिए एक है।	Legit
Celebrity	जेनिफर एनिस्टन एक वेलनेस सेंटर स्थापित करना चाहती हैं	जेनिफर एनिस्टन भविष्य में एक वेलनेस सेंटर खोलना चाहती हैं। अंतरिक्ष घर के उपचार के साथ-साथ एक स्वस्थ कैफे भी होगा।	Legit
Celebrity	ब्रैड पिट ग्रंथों जेनिफर एनिस्टन नॉनस्टॉप: एंजेलीना जोली तलाक के बाद तीव्र भावनात्मक समर्थन की तलाश करता है सेलेब डर्टी लॉन्ड्री	ब्रैड पिट और जेनिफर एनिस्टन ने कथित तौर पर टेक्सटिंग के माध्यम से संपर्क में वापस आ गए हैं, भले ही दोनों पक्षों के स्रोत यह स्पष्ट करने के लिए खुद पर गिर रहे हैं कि यह 'सिर्फ टेक्सटिंग' है और कुछ अधिक गंभीर नहीं है।	Fake
Celebrity	हैट चेर वास्तव में एक दिन में खाती है ताकि अविश्वसनीय रूप से फिट रहें	बिलबोर्ड म्यूजिक अवार्ड्स में, चेर ने अपनी दो सबसे बड़ी हिट करने के लिए मंच लिया, और हम इस बात से चकित थे कि 71 साल की उम्र में बिलबोर्ड आइकन अवार्ड प्राप्तकर्ता कितना अविश्वसनीय लग रहा है।	Legit
Celebrity	केट मिडलटन प्रिंस इलियम क्रम्बलिंग विवाह को बचाने के लिए प्रयास करें?	अगर सच है, तो अफवाहों में यह है कि यह प्रिंस इलियम की दादी महारानी एलिजाबेथ की कर सकता है। यह पहले बताया गया है कि वह केट के सामान्य तरीकों को पसंद नहीं करती है।	Fake
Celebrity	टेलर स्विफ्ट ने सेलेना गोमेज़ के दिल दहला देने वाले एएमए प्रदर्शन के दौरान, कुछ गंभीर साइड आईज़ हो जाती हैं	"2014 के अमेरिकन म्यूजिक अवार्ड्स में सेलेना गोमेज़ द्वारा ""द हार्ट एट्स हैट इट्स एंट्स"" के पहले प्रदर्शन से टेलर स्विफ्ट को आंसू बहाए गए।"	Legit
Celebrity	प्रिंस इलियम और केट मिडलटन केंसिंग्टन पैलेस से बाहर निकल रहे हैं? | सेलेब डर्टी लॉन्ड्री	प्रिंस इलियम और केट मिडलटन पहले से ही केंसिंग्टन पैलेस से बाहर जाने के बारे में सोच रहे हैं। ऐसा इसलिए है क्योंकि इलियम नहीं चाहती है कि उसके बच्चे प्रिंस जॉर्ज और प्रिंसेस शार्लोट महल की दीवारों के पीछे बड़े हों। इसके बजाय, वह चाहता है कि वे स्पॉटलाइट के बाहर और जहाँ तक संभव हो, पापराज़ी से दूर जीवन बिताएँ।	Fake
Celebrity	"ब्रैड पिट ""अभी भी संपर्क में है"" ith पूर्व जेनिफर एनिस्टन एंजेलीना जोली तलाक (रिपोर्ट) के बाद"	दोस्ताना एग्जिट के बारे में बात करें	Fake
Celebrity	टोपी का कान्येस्ट का अगला कदम?	कुछ याद आ रहा है। क्या आप इसे महसूस कर सकते हैं? ब्रह्मांड में थोड़ी सी हलचल, त्वरित और सूक्ष्म, लेकिन एक निश्चित संकेत है कि दुनिया में कुछ अभी-अभी स्थानांतरित हुआ है। आह, यहाँ यह क्या है - कान्ये स्था ने सिर्फ अपने ट्विटर और इंस्टाग्राम खातों को हटा दिया।	Legit
Celebrity	यहां बताया गया है कि किम कार्दशियन इस्ट, कान्ये एस्ट और मॉल में नॉर्थ इस्ट ईकेंड स्टाइल	स्वीडन में पेरिस फैशन ईक और आइकिया के मुख्यालय की यात्राओं के बीच, व्यस्त सप्ताह में व्यस्त रहा। लेकिन अधिकांश परिवारों की तरह, वे घर के करीब सप्ताहांत करना पसंद करते हैं, और कल लॉस एंजिल्स में अपने स्थानीय मॉल के लिए एक यात्रा का भुगतान किया, संगठनों के समन्वय में बिल्ड-ए-भालू ऑर्कशॉप द्वारा रोक दिया।	Legit
Celebrity	मिरांडा लैम्बर्ट ने प्रेमी एंडरसन पूर्व के साथ 2-वर्ष की वर्षगांठ के लिए लविंग पोस्ट का संस्कार किया	मिरांडा लैम्बर्ट खुद की Instagram और उसे संगीत प्रेमी एक चुंबन साझा करने पर एक मिठाई तस्वीर साझा करते हुए एंडरसन पूर्व मंगलवार को अपने दूसरे सालगिरह चिह्नित।	Legit
Celebrity	YOUNG MA SAYS NICKI MINAJ IS 'JUST SHO ING LOVE, GIVING PROPS':	निकी मिनाज से उच्च प्रशंसा प्राप्त करना किसी का सपना है, और फ्यूज फर्स्ट कलाकार यंग एमए भाग्यशाली था जब मिनाज ने अक्टूबर में अप-एंड-कॉमर के बारे में बात करने के लिए ब्रेकफास्ट क्लब रेडियो शो में बुलाया।	Legit
Celebrity	यह हैट जस्टिन बीबर ने ग्रैम्स की तरफ जाने के बजाय किया	अपने एल्बम उद्देश्य के लिए चार नामांकन अर्जित करने के बावजूद, जस्टिन बीबर के पास इस साल ग्रैमी पुरस्कार में भाग लेने की कोई योजना नहीं थी। हालांकि, अकेले घर पर बैठने के बजाय, उन्होंने सुशी के लिए बाहर जाने का फैसला किया और प्रशंसकों को अपनी इंस्टाग्राम स्टोरी पर सवारी के लिए साथ ले गए। (अन्य दर्शकों ने उसे रेस्तरां में चलने के कुछ स्नैप्स पर कब्जा कर लिया और साथ ही पूरे 360-डिग्री लुक के लिए जस्टिन के साथ डिनर करना पसंद किया।)	Legit
Celebrity	हैट जेनिफर लोपेज ने ड्रेक डेटिंग यंगर मेन के बारे में एलेन को बताया	"जेनिफर लोपेज ने ""एलेन डीजेनरेस शो"" से रोक दिया, जहां एलेन ने ड्रेक के साथ अपने रिश्ते के बारे में पूछने के लिए गर्म सीट पर रखा और अफवाह थी कि वह छोटे पुरुषों को डेट करना पसंद करती है।"	Legit
Celebrity	ग्वेन स्टेफनी 'द वॉयस' में लौट रही हैं, लेकिन माइली साइरस के बारे में क्या?	"ग्वेन स्टेफनी ""द वॉइस"" पर हॉट सीट पर लौटने के लिए पूरी तरह तैयार है, लेकिन वह किसकी कुर्सी छीन रही है?"	Legit
Celebrity	ild अफवाह: जस्टिन बीबर ने अपना खुद का चर्च शुरू करने के लिए अपना उद्देश्य रद्द कर दिया	"जस्टिन बीबर ने कल दुनिया भर में बेलीबर समुदाय को झटका दिया जब उन्होंने अचानक अपने उद्देश्य दौरे के शेष को रद्द कर दिया। बीबर के 14 शो बाकी थे, जिनमें अमेरिका और एशिया के कई लोग शामिल थे। एक फोटोग्राफर ने बीएएस को कल ला में पकड़ा, और उन्होंने समझाया कि उन्हें 16 महीनों के दौरे के बाद बस एक ब्रेक की जरूरत है। ""हाँ, सब कुछ ठीक है, हाँ"" उन्होंने कैमरे पर आदमी को बताया। ""मैं दो साल के लिए दौरे पर हूं। यह [एक लंबा खिंचाव है]"	Legit
Celebrity	'मैं बहुत ज्यादा खुश था': ब्रैड पिट एंजेलीना जोली से अलग होने की बात करता है	"ब्रैड पिट ने खुलासा किया है कि वह ""बहुत ज्यादा उबल रहा था"" और बताया कि कैसे वह एंजेलीना जोली से अलग होने के बाद छह सप्ताह के लिए एक दोस्त की मंजिल पर सोया था क्योंकि घर लौटने के लिए ""बहुत दुखी"" था।"	Legit
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन ने विस्तृत प्रेनुप योजना के माध्यम से कान्ये के पैसे चोरी करने की कोशिश की?	क्या किम कार्दशियन अपनी प्रसिद्धि के साथ-साथ कान्ये एस्ट के पैसे चुराने की कोशिश कर रही है? स्टार की एक नई रिपोर्ट के अनुसार, किम अपने लेन-देन को कान्ये को एक व्यापारिक लेनदेन की तरह मान रही है, जो शायद एक स्मार्ट निर्णय है। आइए यथार्थवादी बनें - यह शादी कब तक चलने वाली है? दो साल? पांच साल? वह पहले से ही इस रोडियो से गुजर चुकी है, और वह जानती है कि आखिरकार, अगर वह अपने कार्ड को सही खेलती है, तो उसे कान्ये का पैसा मिल जाएगा। एक ही सवाल है - कितना?	Fake
Celebrity	क्या एंजेलीना जोली फेक मैडॉक्स जोली पिट का दत्तक ग्रहण किया था? शॉकिंग दावों के अंदर	एंजेलिना जोली दुनिया भर के बच्चों को अपनाने के लिए प्रसिद्ध हैं, लेकिन क्या उन्होंने फर्जी दस्तावेजों का उपयोग करके अपने पहले बेटे मैडॉक्स को प्राप्त किया? मैडॉक्स के असली कंबोडियन पिता चौंकाने वाले दावों के साथ आगे आए हैं कि जोली के पास 15 साल से अधिक उम्र की कानूनी शक्ति नहीं है।	Fake
Celebrity	केटी होम्स और जेमी फॉक्सएक्स ने लगातार अपने चुपके अधिनियम को गिरा दिया	"चार साल से अधिक समय से, अफवाहों ने केटी होम्स, जेमी फॉक्सएक्स और उनके स्पष्ट अंडर-रेडार रोमांस को घेर लिया है। बहुत प्रसिद्ध लोगों की एक जोड़ी के लिए वे उम्र के लिए कैमरों से बचने में कामयाब रहे हैं, हालांकि पिछले वर्ष में वे छिपाने के प्रयास में कम लग रहे थे, यहां तक कि मई में पेरिस में एक निजी विमान में बैठे हुए देखा गया था, जहां फॉक्सक्स फिल्माने लगा था। रॉबिन हुड। उसी समय, टैबलॉयड ने दावा किया कि दोनों ""सार्वजनिक रूप से जाने के लिए तैयार थे।"""	Legit
Celebrity	देर रात की मेजबानी ओजे सिम्पसन पैरोल समाचार पर प्रतिक्रिया	ओजे सिम्पसन को सशस्त्र डकैती और एक हथियार के साथ हमला करने के लिए लगभग नौ साल जेल में रखने के बाद, गुरुवार को पैरोल दी गई थी, और देर रात टीवी पर इसके बारे में बहुत कुछ कहना था।	Legit
Celebrity	Miley और लियाम लड़ रहे हैं? झूठी अफवाहें घूमती हैं कि वे एक दबे हुए प्रेनप पर फिदा हैं	क्या माइली साइरस और लियाम हेम्सवर्थ लड़ रहे हैं? एक नई रिपोर्ट में दावा किया गया है कि साइरस और हेम्सवर्थ ने अपनी शादी की योजना बनाते समय अपने कथित प्रैंक को लेकर भारी लड़ाई की थी।	Legit
Celebrity	लेडी गागा ने नेटफ्लिक्स डॉक्यूमेंट्री की घोषणा की, मैडोना फिउड से बात की	"लेडी गागा खोलने के लिए तैयार है। ""जोआन"" गायक की 22 सितंबर को नेटफ्लिक्स पर गागा: फाइव फुट टू प्रीमियर शीर्षक से एक स्पष्ट वृत्तचित्र है।"	Legit
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन बियॉन्से को जुड़वां गर्भावस्था की खबरों के लिए बधाई देने में विफल रहती हैं, जबकि BFF क्रिसी टेगन सुपरस्टार की घोषणा का मजाक उड़ाती हैं	रियलिटी स्टार, बिय की खुशखबरी के बारे में खुशी व्यक्त करते हुए सितारों की सूची में शामिल नहीं हुए	Legit
Celebrity	क्या बेयोंस ने अपने जुड़वा बच्चों को जन्म दिया? नई रिपोर्ट का दावा है कि उसने अभी किया	क्या बियॉन्से के पास सिर्फ उसके जुड़वां बच्चे थे? अफवाहें उड़ रही हैं कि रोमांचक नई रिपोर्ट के अनुसार, रानी बे ने शनिवार 20 मई को एक अनमोल लड़के और आराध्य लड़की को जन्म दिया	Fake
Celebrity	एंजेलिना जोली अपने 'मुश्किल' वर्ष के बारे में लोगों को बताती हैं: 'आई एम लिटिल बिट स्ट्रांगर'	एंजेलीना जोली के जीवन में पिछले वर्ष में बहुत कुछ बदल गया है, लेकिन एक चीज निरंतर बनी हुई है - अपने बच्चों के प्रति समर्पण।	Legit
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन: ay पर नग्न रसोई की किताब ??	हर कोई किम कार्दशियन और / या उन किताबों का प्रशंसक नहीं है जिन्हें वह लिखने का दिखावा करता है।	Fake
Celebrity	कीथ अर्बन ईर्ष्यालु: निकोल किडमैन ने स्वीकार किया कि उसने एचबीओ को अपने प्यार के ब्याज के रूप में अलेक्जेंडर स्कार्सगार्ड के सामने पेश किया। सेलेब डर्टी लॉन्ड्री	निकोल किडमैन यह स्पष्ट कर रही हैं कि वह चाहती थीं कि अलेक्जेंडर स्कार्सगार्ड को उनके पति के रूप में 'लिटिल लिटिल लाइज' में कास्ट किया जाए। निकोल नई एचबीओ ड्रामा सीरीज़ में रीज़ itherspoon, Shailene oodley और Lauren Dern के साथ अभिनय कर रही हैं। शो तीन माताओं की कहानी कहता है जो एक त्रासदी के बाद आगे बढ़ने की कोशिश करते हैं जिसने उनके जीवन को लगभग नष्ट कर दिया।	Fake
Celebrity	केंडल, काइली जेनर और गीगी, बेला हदीद एक बुरे झगड़े के लिए नेतृत्व कर रहे हैं?	यह भाई-बहन के युद्ध के मामले जैसा लगता है। सबसे लोकप्रिय भाई-बहनों में से दो - केंडल, काइली और बेला, गिगी - एक बुरा झगड़े के कगार पर होने की सूचना है।	Fake
Celebrity	टेलर स्विफ्ट की 'प्रतिष्ठा': जो एल्विन, कान्य एस्ट और टॉम हिडलेस्टन के बारे में सभी गपशप	उनकी दो प्रतिष्ठा-थीम वाली पत्रिकाओं की प्रस्तावना में, जिसमें उनके छठे एल्बम की रिलीज़ का जश्न मनाने के लिए फ़ोटो, कविता और हाथ से लिखे गए गीत हैं, स्विफ्ट ने अपरिहार्य समाचारों को उनके गीतों के लक्ष्यों पर अनुमान लगाया।	Legit
Celebrity	केटी होम्स और जेमी फॉक्सएक्स एक आइटम के रूप में बाहर आते हैं, 'टॉम क्रूज बान' की समाप्ति के बाद	अब यहाँ कुछ के लिए सोफे पर वास्तव में ऊपर और नीचे कूदना है।	Fake
Celebrity	केट मिडलटन ने प्रिंस इलियम को बचाने के लिए बेताब शादी: लाड़ प्यार की रॉयल लाइफस्टाइल को छोड़ नहीं सकते | सेलेब डर्टी लॉन्ड्री	केट मिडलटन अपने पति प्रिंस इलियम से अपने परिवार के साथ शर्मिंदा होने के लिए अपने स्की यात्रा के दौरान नाचने और पीने, और सभी धोखा अफवाहों के साथ गुस्सा हो सकती है, लेकिन इसका मतलब यह नहीं है कि वह जल्द ही उसे कभी भी तलाक नहीं देगी। वास्तव में, ड्यूक और डचेस ऑफ कैम्ब्रिज ने सभी को समझाने की कोशिश की कि वे इस सप्ताहांत पेरिस की यात्रा के दौरान प्यार में पागल हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	"रोजी हे फेले क्रेज ""हाउस आईवीज"" नाइटर्स"	"भागो भागो भागो - सही ""देखें"" HY पर वापस?"	Fake
Celebrity	जूलिया रॉबर्ट्स ने अपनी 15 वीं वर्षगांठ की सालगिरह डैनी मॉडरेट से आगे निकाली	जूलिया रॉबर्ट्स और पति डैनी मोडर को शनिवार की दोपहर, मालीबू, सीए में एक आकस्मिक सैर पर स्पॉट किया गया। जुलाई में शादी के 15 साल पूरे होने जा रहे इस जोड़े ने एक दूसरे के चारों ओर अपनी बांहों को लपेटते हुए प्यार भरा प्रदर्शन किया और जूलिया डैनी के कान में कुछ फुसफुसाते हुए दिखाई दिए। ठीक है, हमने नवंबर के बाद से इस जोड़े को बाहर नहीं देखा और जूलिया ने अप्रैल में इतिहास रचा, जब उन्हें पांचवीं बार पीपल्स मोस्ट ब्यूटीफुल ओमान का नाम दिया गया। इस हफ्ते की शुरुआत में यह भी पता चला था कि जूलिया क्रिस्टल सिटी एंटरटेनमेंट के द बुकसेलर के रूपांतर में बड़े पर्दे पर वापसी करेंगी। जूलिया न केवल फिल्म में अभिनय करेंगी, बल्कि वह लिसा गिलान, मारिसा येरेस गिल, जोनाथन रुबेंस्टीन और अरी पिंचोट के साथ परियोजना का निर्माण भी कर रही हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	डिजिटल दिवा इनसाइड कैटिलिन जेनर के सीक्रेट साइबर हुकअप	"RadarOnline.com को विशेष रूप से पता चला है कि Caitlyn Jenner अपनी कामुकता को ऑनलाइन देख रही है और गुप्त साइबर ""हुकअप्स"" का आनंद ले रही है।"	Fake
Celebrity	मिशेल ओबामा प्लास्टिक सर्जरी के लिए खुली, बोटॉक्स इंजेक्शन	जैसा कि पहली महिला मिशेल ओबामा शुक्रवार को 50 साल की हो गईं, वह भविष्य में अपने चेहरे पर कुछ काम नहीं कर रही हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	बियॉन्से ने सेरेना इलियन्स के एलेक्सिस ओहानियन की एडिटिंग में बहुत सारी स्माइल की	"मुर्गी दो लोगों को देखती है ""क्रेज़ी इन लव"", बेयोंसे मदद नहीं कर सकती, लेकिन मुस्कुरा सकती है।"	Legit
Celebrity	मालिया ओबामा ने बराक और मिशेल से शादी की - क्या वह न्यूयॉर्क शहर में अकेले जीवन जी सकती हैं?	18 साल की मालिया ओबामा अपने नए जीवन को हाईट हाउस के बाहर एडजस्ट कर रही हैं और बदलाव उनके प्रसिद्ध माता-पिता - पूर्व राष्ट्रपति बराक ओबामा और प्रथम महिला मिशेल ओबामा के लिए संभालना आसान नहीं है।	Fake
Celebrity	समर्थन के लिए बहुत से सितारे कैंसर के लिए खड़े हैं	मंगलवार रात को ला में हॉलीवुड के स्टेंड्स अप टू कैंसर कार्यक्रम के लिए सितारों के लोड ने कदम रखा। फंडराइज़र, जिसे रेसे इथर्सपून और उनके पति, जिम टोथ ने होस्ट किया था, ने डायने क्रूगर और जोशुआ जैक्सन और जेसिका अल्बा और कैश एरेन जैसे प्यारे जोड़ों को बाहर निकाला, साथ ही सेलेना गोमेज़, ड्रू बैरीमोर और ग्वेनेथ पाल्ट्रो को भी। ग्वेनेथ खुद स्टैंडअप टू कैंसर कार्यक्रम के लंबे समय से समर्थक हैं क्योंकि उनके पिता ब्रूस पाल्ट्रो की 2002 में फेफड़ों के कैंसर से मृत्यु हो गई थी।	Legit
Celebrity	यहां देखें कि ब्रैड पिट राष्ट्रपति के रूप में डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प के बारे में कैसा महसूस करता है	ओक्लाहोमा में जन्मे और मिसौरी में पले-बढ़े एक दक्षिणी व्यक्ति के रूप में, ब्रैड पिट एक जगह से उपजा है जहाँ लोग आमतौर पर डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प और 2016 के राष्ट्रपति चुनाव में उनके रन का समर्थन करते हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	टाइगा ने काइली जेनर और कार्दशियन के बारे में नई सच्चाई को उजागर करने के लिए नई बताई सारी किताब, अंदरूनी सूत्रों का कहना है	"ई न्यूज के मुताबिक, टायगा और काइली जेनर ने इसे स्प्लिट्सविले में बनाया है और ऐसा लग रहा है कि निकट भविष्य में चीजें काफी बदसूरत हो सकती हैं। हालाँकि यह रिश्ता कथित तौर पर खत्म हो गया है, ऐसा नहीं लगता है कि दोनों सौहार्दपूर्ण शर्तों पर समाप्त हो गए हैं, और चीजें केवल गर्म होने लगी हैं। पेरेज हिल्टन के अनुसार, टाइगा कथित तौर पर काइली के साथ अपने बड़े ब्रेक-अप के मद्देनजर एक टेल-ऑल बुक जारी करने की योजना बना रहा है। ""मेक इट निस्टी"" रैपर के करीबी अंदरूनी सूत्रों ने अफवाह आने वाली किताब के बारे में कुछ जानकारी दी है।"	Fake
Celebrity	टेलर स्विफ्ट के शिविर ने इस बात से इंकार किया कि गायक अपनी स्ट्रीमिंग सेवा शुरू कर रहा है	टेलर स्विफ्ट के एक करीबी सूत्र ने कथित तौर पर इन सुझावों का खंडन किया है कि गायक अपनी स्ट्रीमिंग सेवा शुरू करने के लिए तैयार है।	Legit
Celebrity	हीडी क्लम और सील बिलबोर्ड म्यूजिक अवार्ड्स 2016 में फ्रेंडली रीयूनियन है	हीदी क्लम और सील 2016 बिलबोर्ड संगीत और रविवार की रात में दोस्ताना निर्वासन के प्रतीक थे।	Legit
Celebrity	गीले निशान के साथ बाहर निकलने के बाद जस्टिन बीबर ने खुद पर मज़ाक किया	दुर्घटनाएं होती हैं, लेकिन यह सितारा इसके बारे में खेद नहीं है।	Fake
Celebrity	जेन फोंडा वास्तव में Megyn केली के साथ प्लास्टिक सर्जरी के बारे में बात नहीं करना चाहता था	"फोंडा ने रॉबर्ट रेडफोर्ड के साथ अपनी नई फिल्म, ""आवर सोल्स एट नाइट"" का प्रचार करने के लिए एडसेन्ड पर ""मेगी केली टुडे"" में दिखाई दिए। लेकिन साक्षात्कार में केवल एक मिनट का समय लगा क्योंकि केली ने दो किंवदंतियों के साथ बातचीत को उम्र बढ़ने के विषय में बदल दिया।"	Legit
Celebrity	रेड कार्पेट पर बेबी बंप का प्रदर्शन करने के बाद हैली बेरी ने गर्भावस्था की अफवाहें उड़ाई	50 वर्षीय हाले बेरी ने अफवाहों को हवा दी कि वह लॉस एंजिल्स में 16 वीं वार्षिक क्रिसलिस बटरफ्लाई बॉल पर रेड कार्पेट पर एक 'बेबी बंप' की तरह दिखने वाले डेब्यू के बाद अपने तीसरे बच्चे की उम्मीद कर रही हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	"माइली साइरस ने अपने ब्रेकअप को लियाम हेम्सवर्थ पर दर्शाया: ""मैं सही रास्ते पर हूं"""	"माइली साइरस ने हाल ही में अपना नया एकल, ""मालीबू"" गिराया, जो स्पष्ट रूप से लियाम हेम्सवर्थ के साथ उसके फिर से जुड़े रिश्ते से प्रेरित है, और इस सप्ताह के शुरू में हॉलीवुड में सिरियसएक्सएम के हिट्स 1 के साथ एक साक्षात्कार के दौरान, 24 वर्षीय गायिका ने उसके बारे में आगे खोला। 2013 में लियाम से अलग हो गए। ""मुझे लगता है - पता है - कि सब कुछ सही कारण के लिए हो रहा है, और मुझे पता था कि जब हम पहली बार एक साथ नहीं थे,"" माइली ने सलाह के बारे में कहा कि वह अपने छोटे स्व को देगी। ""मुझे नहीं पता था कि अगर यह इसका अंत था, या अगर हम फिर से एक साथ वापस आएंगे, लेकिन जानते थे कि मैं जहां भी जा रहा था, मैं सही रास्ते पर था।"""	Legit
Celebrity	माइली साइरस और लियाम हेम्सवर्थ शायद अप्रैल के अंत में शादी कर चुके हैं	"सितंबर में, माइली साइरस ने रविवार को द सन को बताया कि उसने और उसके मंगेतर लियाम हेम्सवर्थ ने जल्द ही कोई शादी नहीं की थी। ""मैंने शादी की कल्पना नहीं की,"" उसने रविवार को द सन को बताया। ""मैं 24 साल का हूं। मुझे उम्मीद है कि मैं थोड़ा और जी पाऊंगा। मेरे पास शादी करने से पहले बहुत ज्यादा जीने के लिए है।"" (उसकी मां टीश साइरस ने जून में भी एक अफवाह वाली माइली-लियाम के बारे में पूछे जाने पर यही बात कही थी।)"	Fake
Celebrity	वन डायरेक्शन की नई दिशाएँ: एकल परियोजनाएँ हमें क्या बताती हैं?	आज सुबह, वन डायरेक्शन के लियाम पायने ने स्ट्रिप्ड डाउन को छोड़ दिया, उनका पहला एकल, जिसे सर्वश्रेष्ठ के रूप में वर्णित किया जा सकता है जो निश्चित रूप से मौजूद है।	Legit
Celebrity	केंडल जेनर NBA ओवर से प्रतिबंधित 'कार्दशियन शाप'	केंडल जेनर इस सीजन में अपने नए आदमी को कोर्ट में खेलते हुए देखने की उम्मीद करती है, लेकिन एनबीए के बॉस 21 वर्षीय मॉडल लेगी के साथ हार्डबॉल खेल रहे हैं	Fake
Celebrity	जोश डुहामेल फर्जी थे 'फिर से एक रॉक स्टार होने के नाते'	"जोश डुहामेल ने अपने ब्रेकअप से पहले अपनी पॉप-स्टार पत्नी फर्जी की ""पार्टी"" से थक गए थे, हमें बताया गया है।"	Fake
Celebrity	जेनिफर एनिस्टन ने ब्रैड पिट के साथ धोखा किया, मैट लेब्लांक ने शादी कर ली? - रिपोर्ट good	ब्रैड पिट, 51, जेनिफर एनिस्टन, 46 की अपनी शादी के दौरान भटकने वाली आंखों के साथ केवल एक ही नहीं हो सकता है। मैट लेब्लांक के पिता पॉल लेब्लांक के साथ एक नए नए साक्षात्कार से पता चलता है कि अभिनेत्री ने वास्तव में उसके साथ उसके पति के साथ धोखा किया था। फ्रेंड्स मिस्टर और मिसेज स्मिथ के सेट पर ब्रैड से 40 साल पहले ब्रैड की मुलाकात एंजेलिना जोली से हुई थी	Fake
Celebrity	एलेन डीजेनर्स का सीक्रेट एगलेस लुक	"मेकअप कलाकार पाटी डबरॉफ ने विज्ञापन अभियानों और फैशन के प्रसार के लिए एलेन डीजेनर्स के साथ काम किया है, इसलिए वह जानती थीं कि शेप के मे कवर शूट-नेचुरल और रंग के संकेत के साथ समझे जाने वाले टॉक शो होस्ट पर सबसे अच्छा काम करेगा। वह सिर्फ कवरगर्ल एगलेस कंसीलर और करेक्टर के एक स्पर्श के साथ हमारे कवर मॉडल की त्वचा को सही करने के लिए एक नम वेज स्पंज का इस्तेमाल करती थी। ""एलेन की त्वचा में पहले से ही एक प्राकृतिक चमक है, इसलिए उसे बहुत मेकअप की आवश्यकता नहीं है,"" पाटी कहते हैं। हम सभी ऐसे युवा त्वचा के साथ धन्य नहीं हैं, लेकिन आप मेकअप प्रो से इन एंटी-एजिंग युक्तियों के साथ एलेन की तरह एक अद्भुत रंग प्राप्त कर सकते हैं:"	Legit
Celebrity	जेनिफर लॉरेंस के साथ अपने पति के अफेयर के कारण अन्ना फारिस असुरक्षित महसूस करती हैं क्या क्रिस प्रैट को दोष दिया जाता है? - लाइव अफवाहें	जेनिफर लॉरेंस, जो लाखों लड़कों का दिल है, ने हाल ही में अपने सभी प्रशंसकों को चौंका दिया। यह फिल्म में नहीं था, लेकिन खबर से; बल्कि हम कहते हैं कि क्रिस प्रैट के साथ एक अफवाह है। टैब्लॉइड्स में इन कथित हाइलाइट्स के कारण हममें से अधिकांश का दिमाग जम गया है, लेकिन बाद में दोनों ने बारीक से इनकार कर दिया। जेनिफर की पसंद के रूप में, उसने अभी के लिए एकल होना चुना है; जबकि क्रिस पहले से ही अन्ना फारिस के साथ बंधा हुआ है। हालांकि इस फेक न्यूज के कारण फारिस को असुरक्षा महसूस होती है, हालांकि वह अपने पति क्रिस और जेनिफर के बीच प्यार के बारे में टैब्लॉइड्स भर रही है। ell, क्या यह सच है या नहीं, हम इसे इस लेख में कवर करेंगे	Fake
Celebrity	ड्रेक ने टेलर स्विफ्ट को कथित रूप से हकलाने के बाद अपने घर पर रहने के लिए आमंत्रित किया	"""टेलर [स्विफ्ट] को घूरना और उसके बारे में सनकी होना ड्रेक के साथ अच्छी तरह से नहीं बैठता है। वह असली गर्म है कि वह अपने निजी स्थान पर घुसपैठ कर रही है, और उसने बताया कि वह व्यक्तिगत रूप से अपने कुछ लड़कों को भेजने के लिए भेजती है। उस पर नज़र रखो और उसके अंगरक्षक बनो। वह निश्चित रूप से उसके लिए आराम कर रहा है वह बता रहा है कि वह सब कुछ ठीक हो रहा है और वह पूरी तरह से निश्चित करना चाहता है कि जब वह सार्वजनिक रूप से बाहर हो तो वह सुरक्षित और सुरक्षित महसूस करे।"	Fake
Celebrity	यह जेनिफर लॉरेंस डेरेन एरोनोफस्की की हॉट फ्लिंग कूल एल्डैडी है	जेनिफर लॉरेंस और डैरेन एरोनोफ़्स्की पहले से ही शांत हो रहे हैं और अपने गहन रोमांस से ब्रेक ले रहे हैं, RadarOnline.com विशेष रूप से प्रकट कर सकता है।	Fake
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन ने 'बुनाई पर निर्भर' के बाद चौंकाने वाले बालों के झड़ने का प्रदर्शन किया	वह अपने अविश्वसनीय गर्भावस्था के बाद के वजन घटाने के लिए ईर्ष्या के साथ हरी प्रशंसकों को छोड़ देती है।	Fake
Celebrity	प्रिंस हैरी एक आईफ को खोजने के लिए अमेरिका में जा रहा है	प्रिंस हैरी तालाब के पार जा रहा है - और अमेरिका में एक पत्नी को खोजने की बड़ी योजना है	Fake
Celebrity		कान्ये एस्ट ने गुस्से में टेलर स्विफ्ट को म्यूजिक वीडियो में किम कार्दशियन की डकैती का संदर्भ दिया	Fake
Celebrity	रेड पिट एंजेलीना जोली से अलग होने के बाद दुर्लभ सार्वजनिक उपस्थिति में स्टिंग के साथ चैरिटी कॉन्सर्ट में भाग लेते हैं	ब्रैड पिट ने एंजेलिना जोली से अलग होने के बाद महीनों तक लो प्रोफाइल रखने के बाद शनिवार को सुर्खियों में छा गए।	Legit
Celebrity	ब्रैड पिट की कहानी का पक्ष: उन्होंने एंजेलिना जोली के साथ प्लेन फाइट के रूप में मैडॉक्स को हिट नहीं किया, 'गॉट आउट ऑफ हैंड,' कहते हैं	ब्रैड पिट ने अपने बेटे मैडॉक्स को पिछले सप्ताह एंजेलीना जोली के साथ गर्म मध्य उड़ान तर्क के दौरान हड़ताल नहीं किया था, स्थिति के ज्ञान के साथ एक स्रोत के अनुसार।	Legit
Celebrity	टेलर स्विफ्ट ने नए बॉयफ्रेंड पर लाखों डॉलर खर्च किए, जो अल्विन: झूठी खबर या सच? | सेलेब डर्टी लॉन्ड्री	पॉप सुपरस्टार टेलर स्विफ्ट ने कुछ रिपोर्टों के अनुसार अपने प्रेमी पर लाखों डॉलर खर्च करके नए प्रेमी जो अल्विन को खरीदा है। टेलर हमेशा अपने सभी रिश्तों में बड़ी कमाई करने वाला रहा है। भले ही जेक गिलेनहाल, जॉन मेयर, टॉम हिडलेस्टन, और केल्विन हैरिस जैसे पिछले बॉयफ्रेंड करोड़पति थे, फिर भी टेलर के 300 मिलियन अनुमानित नेट वर्थ की तुलना में उनके बैंक खाते अभी भी बंद हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	जेनिफर लॉरेंस ने नग्न छीन लिया और मांग की, कन्या जेन्नर के घर पर पांच मार्टिनियों को पीने के बाद कान्य स्टाइल ने उसे स्टाइल किया था।	जेनिफर लॉरेंस ने क्रिस जेन्नर की अलमारी में नग्न रूप से पांच मार्टिंस गिराए।	Fake
Celebrity	सॉरी ASAP रॉकी, केंडल जेनर वापस हैरी स्टाइल्स में एक हताश योजना है	केंडल जेनर रैपर एएसएपी रॉकी को डेट कर रही है, लेकिन एक सूत्र के अनुसार, उसने अपने पूर्व, हैरी स्टाइल्स को वापस जीतने की योजना तैयार की है, उसे वह करना है जो वह सबसे अच्छा करती है - जुराब भेजें	Fake
Celebrity	कान्स फिल्म फेस्टिवल में कर्स्टन डंस्ट के अचानक आंसू बह निकले	उन्होंने 12 साल की निविदा उम्र में साक्षात्कार ith द वैम्पायर में अपनी भूमिका के लिए वैश्विक मान्यता प्राप्त की, इसलिए वह रेड कार्पेट पर ध्यान देने के लिए कोई अजनबी नहीं है।	Fake
Celebrity	ग्लेन क्लोज ने इस बात से इनकार किया कि उन्होंने मेरिल स्ट्रीप को हिलेरी क्लिंटन का किरदार निभाने के लिए रोका था	आपने जो सुना है उसे भूल जाइए: ग्लेन क्लोज़ ने मेरिल स्ट्रीप को राज्य की पूर्व सचिव और राष्ट्रपति की उम्मीद के जीवन के बारे में एक आगामी फिल्म में हिलेरी क्लिंटन का किरदार निभाने के लिए नहीं भेजा है।	Legit
Celebrity	AMAL CLOONEY लंदन में सबसे लोकप्रिय ओमान है	लंदन की सबसे शक्तिशाली महिला डचेस ऑफ कैम्ब्रिज या सुपर मॉडल केट मॉस भी हो सकती हैं। वास्तव में, यह जॉर्ज क्लूनी की नई दुल्हन है जिसने शीर्ष स्थान प्राप्त किया है।	Legit
Celebrity	ड्रीम परिदृश्य? Khloe चींटियों रोब की बेटी को अपनाने के लिए	Khloe Kardashian ने अपनी भतीजी सपना के साथ ऐसा गहन बंधन बनाया है, उसने अपने भाई Rob को बताया है कि वह उसे अपनाना चाहती है, RadarOnline.com ने विशेष रूप से सीखा है।	Fake
Celebrity	केंडल जेनर: हाई शीज़ क्विटिंग 'केयू टीके' लेकिन काइली के स्पिन-ऑफ शो पर गर्व	केंडल जेनर ने रियलिटी शो प्लेटफॉर्म से खुद को दूर करना जारी रखा है, जिसने उनके परिवार को एक घरेलू नाम बना दिया है, सूत्रों का कहना है कि मॉडल एक वैध कैरियर बनाना चाहता है।	Fake
Celebrity	काइली जेनर के प्लास्टिक सर्जन ने उनके लिप फिलर्स के बारे में एक संदेश दिया है	काइली जेनर की गर्भावस्था (क्लो कार्दशियन की गर्भावस्था और शायद किम कार्दशियन की पुष्टि की गर्भावस्था के साथ) के बारे में सुराग के लिए इंटरनेट शिकार करता है, कम से कम एक व्यक्ति ने सोचा है कि वास्तविकता स्टार के प्रसिद्ध होंठ भराव के बारे में क्या है?	Legit
Celebrity	केंडल जेनर पेप्सी के विज्ञापन पर रोते हुए कहते हैं कि 'कीपिंग अप द कार्दशियन' प्रीमियर में	अप्रैल में पेप्सी का टोन-बहरा केंडल जेनर वाणिज्यिक वापस याद करें? वह जिसने लोगों को उग्र बना दिया, क्योंकि इसने ब्लैक लाइव्स मैटर से प्राप्त चित्रों को सोडा बेचने के लिए विरोध किया?	Legit
Celebrity	स्पेक होल्डिंग हैंड्स ईथ जस्टिन बीबर के एक्स के रूप में ईकंड	यदि आप एक शौकीन अमेरिकी अमेरिकी पाठक हैं, तो ऐसा प्रतीत हो सकता है कि हॉलीवुड में लगभग एक दर्जन एकल लोग हैं, क्योंकि वे सभी एक-दूसरे को डेट करते हैं। यह केविन बेकन के साथ अलगाव के छह डिग्री की तरह है, केवल फिट चाय और कमर प्रशिक्षकों के लिए एक पेंसिल के साथ प्रभावशाली लोगों के लिए, जहां स्कॉट डिसिक कनेक्टिंग फैक्टर है।	Fake
Celebrity	विक्टोरिया बेकहम और अन्ना नए साल की सम्मान सूची में नाम रखने वालों में शामिल हैं	टेनिस जगत की नंबर एक एंडी मरे को क्वीन की न्यू ईयर ऑनर्स लिस्ट में नाइटहुड से सम्मानित किया गया है - जिससे वह आधुनिक समय में ब्रिटेन के सबसे युवा सर - एथलीट मो फराह और ड्रेसेज राइडर ली पियर्सन के साथ हैं। हेपटैथलेट जेसिका एननिस-हिल और रोवर कैथरीन ग्रेिंगर को डेम्स नाम दिया गया है।	Legit
Celebrity	यह हाइ टेलर स्विफ्ट 2016 एमटीवी वीडियो म्यूजिक अवार्ड्स को छोड़ रहा है	इस वर्ष VMA के सीटिंग चार्ट में एक खाली जगह है, बेबी। टेलर स्विफ्ट 28 अगस्त रविवार को एमटीवी वीडियो म्यूजिक अवार्ड्स में शामिल नहीं होंगी, कई सूत्र हमें ईकेली की पुष्टि करते हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	ओबामा ने कॉलेज में 'खुले दिल की सर्जरी' की तरह मालिया को छोड़ दिया	मालिया ओबामा पिछले महीने हार्वर्ड यूनिवर्सिटी जाने के बाद अपने पिता के आँसू नहीं रोक पाईं।	Legit
Celebrity	'ईर्ष्यालु ’किम ने बेयोंस के बेबी स्पॉटलाइट को चुराने की कोशिश की	बियॉन्से के चौंकाने वाले बच्चे की खबर के बारे में कल हाइल द बी हाइव गुलजार था, RadarOnline.com को पता चला है कि किम कार्दशियन सुर्खियों में चोरी करने की अपनी योजना में व्यस्त थी	Fake
Celebrity	जेनिफर लोपेज और एलेक्स रोड्रिगेज डेटिंग कर रहे हैं, और अफवाहें गर्म आ रही हैं	जेनिफर लोपेज और हाल ही में सेवानिवृत्त बेसबॉल नायक एलेक्स रोड्रिग्ज डेटिंग कर रहे हैं, उन रिपोर्टों के अनुसार, जो पूरे सप्ताह बुदबुदाती रही हैं।	Legit
Celebrity		इनसाइड बेन एफ्लेक और जेनिफर गार्नर की फैमिली वेकेशन इन द बहामास, टू मंथ आफ्टर फाइलिंग डिवोर्स	Legit
Celebrity	कैथी ग्रिफिन सीएनएन गोलीबारी के बाद एंडरसन कूपर द्वारा 'धोखा' महसूस करती है	हिले कैथी ग्रिफिन ने अपनी भयानक ट्रम्प से अलग-सिर वाली फोटो के लिए आलोचना के तूफान के बाद अपनी सहानुभूति धर्मयुद्ध जारी रखा है, सूत्रों का कहना है कि वह इस बारे में बच रही है कि एंडरसन कूपर ने उसे सीएनएन नए साल की शाम को एक गर्म आलू की तरह प्रसारित किया।	Fake
Celebrity		हाइट इट ने एंजेलिना को ब्रैड को वापस बुलाने के लिए मंत्र का इस्तेमाल करने के खिलाफ चेतावनी दी	Fake
Celebrity	EXCLUSIVE: यहां ILLIAM, KATE, और GEORGE एक मासिक लंबी अवधि की यात्रा के लिए तैयार हैं	उन्होंने ग्लासगो में राष्ट्रमंडल खेलों में ग्रेट ब्रिटेन का समर्थन करते हुए पिछले दो दिन बिताए हैं, लेकिन __ illiam__and __Kate__can अगस्त में एक अच्छी तरह से लायक महीने के लिए तत्पर हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	कैटिलिन जेनर के संस्मरण कथित तौर पर भूमि मूवी अनुकूलन, रोब लोव प्ले हो सकता है	रिपोर्ट में कहा गया है कि 'हाउ टू बी ए लैटिन लवर' अभिनेता वर्तमान में अपने नए संस्मरण 'द सीक्रेट ऑफ माई लाइफ' पर आधारित एक संभावित फिल्म में रियलिटी शो स्टार की भूमिका निभाने के लिए बातचीत कर रहा है।	Fake
Celebrity	क्या जेरेड लेटो, 45, 19 वर्षीय पेरिस जैक्सन पर क्रश है?	"जेरेड लेटो की नज़र एक बहुत ही युवा चीज़ पर है: 19 वर्षीय पेरिस जैक्सन की जोड़ी ने 8 सितंबर को NYC में हार्पर बाज़ार आइकन्स पार्टी में रास्तों को पार किया, जहाँ अभिनेता, 45, ""निश्चित रूप से उसके साथ एक नाटक कर रहे थे। एक अंदरूनी सूत्र कहते हैं। “जब वह बात कर रहा था तो वह सीधे उसकी आँखों में घूर रहा था और वे वास्तव में पास खड़े थे। उन्होंने लंबे समय तक बात की और वह बहुत हंस रही थी। ” फिर भी, ऑस्कर विजेता, बाहर मारा के रूप में पेरिस अंततः उसे दोस्तों के साथ होने के लिए छोड़ दिया - नहीं से पहले उसके गाल पर एक चुंबन में जारेड snuck अंदरूनी सूत्र जोड़ता है, हालांकि: ""। यह स्पष्ट था कि वह उसे में सुपर था, उम्र का अंतर शापित हो"""	Fake
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन की 'डियर इल एक्सप्लोड' अगर कान्ये राष्ट्रपति के लिए चलती है: तो 'वेरी नोबस'	"""कान्ये [स्था] राजनीति में कदम रखने के बारे में अधिक से अधिक बात कर रहे हैं, लेकिन किम [कार्दशियन] उस रास्ते से नीचे जाने के लिए बेहद हिचकिचाहट है। वह उस तरह की नफरत के बारे में बहुत घबराया हुआ है जो उस पर और उनके परिवार पर केंद्रित होगा। वह राष्ट्रपति के लिए दौड़ने वाले थे। डकैती से पहले, वह डरी हुई नहीं थी, लेकिन अब वह लगातार डर में रहती है। यदि कान्ये राष्ट्रपति के लिए चलता है, तो वे डर जाएंगे, ""एक सूत्र ने हॉलीवुडलाइफ.कॉम EXCLUSIVELY को बताया।"	Fake
Celebrity	मिशेल की 25 वीं वर्षगांठ के अवसर पर बराक ओबामा का मीठा आश्चर्य	पहले से ही जन्मदिन और छुट्टियों पर अपनी पत्नी के लिए मधुर संदेशों के लिए जाना जाता है, बराक ओबामा मंगलवार को मिशेल के साथ अपनी 25 वीं शादी की सालगिरह के लिए बड़े गए।	Legit
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन ने टीम को और अधिक 'राजनीतिक' बनने में मदद करने के लिए कहा - 'मैं राजनीतिक मुद्दों के बारे में अधिक बोलने के लिए चींटी'	विवादास्पद रियलिटी टीवी स्टार वास्तव में अपनी प्रतिष्ठा बदलना चाहते हैं। ई ने जान लिया है कि किम कार्दशियन एक बहुत अधिक राजनीतिक छवि बनाना चाहती हैं और वह पहले से ही उस दिशा में कुछ कदम उठा रही हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	EXCLUSIVE PICS: मैनचेस्टर हमले के बाद से एरियाना ग्रांडे की पहली तस्वीरें	सोमवार को उसके मैनचेस्टर कॉन्सर्ट में हुए आतंकी हमले के बाद पहली बार एक भावनात्मक एरियाना ग्रांडे को स्पॉट किया गया था, क्योंकि उसने अपने गृहनगर बोका रैटन, फ्लोरिडा में टच किया था।	Fake
Celebrity	'यह एक लंबा समय आ रहा था': हेइडी क्लम ने सील के 'ज्वालामुखीय तापमान' पर सात साल की शादी को समाप्त किया	सील और हेदी क्लम ने जोर देकर कहा अपने अलग होने की रिपोर्ट है कि सुपर मॉडल अब एक गुलाब गायक की ज्वालामुखी गुस्सा से चुंबन के साथ डाल सकता है के बावजूद 'सौहार्दपूर्ण' कल था।	Fake
Celebrity	सटीक पल पर जेनिफर एनिस्टन ने इसे गर्भावस्था की अफवाहों के कारण किया था	"जुलाई में, जेनिफर एनिस्टन ने हफ़िंगटन पोस्ट के लिए एक ऑप-एड में वर्षों से चली आ रही उसके बारे में लगातार टैब्लॉइड गर्भावस्था की अफवाहों के खिलाफ शक्तिशाली रूप से बात की। ""रिकॉर्ड के लिए, मैं गर्भवती नहीं हूं,"" उसने इसमें लिखा है। ""टोपी मैं तंग आ गया हूँ। मैं 'पत्रकारिता,' 'पहले संशोधन,' और 'सेलिब्रिटी समाचार' की आड़ में रोज़ाना होने वाले खेल-जैसी जाँच और बॉडी शेमिंग से तंग आ चुका हूँ।"""	Fake
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन इस्ट रास्ते में बच्चे की पुष्टि करता है	"किम कार्दशियन इस्ट ने गुरुवार को अपने परिवार की ई सीरीज़ ""कीपिंग अप इथ द कार्दशियन"" के नए सीज़न के प्रोमो से एक क्लिप ट्वीट किया।"	Legit
Celebrity	सेलेना गोमेज़ और जेनिफर एनिस्टन डबल डेट: जेन की टिप्पणियां eeknd ere Lies के बारे में	सेलेना गोमेज़ इस समय ईकेंड को डेट कर रही हैं। उनके सबसे अच्छे दोस्त जेनिफर एनिस्टन उनके समर्थक हैं लेकिन उनके रिश्ते को कभी-कभी अफवाह फैलाने वालों द्वारा निशाना बनाया जाता है।	Legit
Celebrity	बियॉन्से जे-जेड हायर पूर्व राष्ट्रपति ओबामा की सीक्रेट सर्विस टीम	उन्हें 99 समस्याएं मिली हैं, लेकिन सुरक्षा के लिए एक बियॉन्से और जे-जेड ने लंबे समय तक पूर्व राष्ट्रपति बराक ओबामा की गुप्त सेवा विस्तार से नहीं पूछा, ताकि पिछले महीने जुड़वाँ रूमी और सर का स्वागत करने के बाद अपने परिवार की रक्षा कर सकें।	Fake
Celebrity	'मेगी केली टुडे' एनबीसी की न्यू मॉर्निंग होस्ट के लिए रेटिंग्स ऑल सनशाइन नहीं	"a इसके मेजबान ने कथित तौर पर एक साल में 17 मिलियन का वेतन बनाया है और मिडटाउन मैनहट्टन में एनबीसी के रॉकफेलर प्लाजा मुख्यालय के भीतर एक नया सेट बनाया गया है, ""मेय्यन केली टुडे"" पिछले 9 एमएम सेगमेंट की तुलना में अधिक महंगा है। "" लंबे समय में दर्शकों को खोना एक समस्या होगी।"	Legit
Celebrity	चेर: मरने के लिए तैयार	हरा अब CHER के लिए नहीं जाता है।	Fake
Celebrity		टेलर स्विफ्ट नए संगीत वीडियो में नग्न दिख रही है	Legit
Celebrity	रोब के। मेगन जेम्स के अंदर 'रोमांस: हाई हिज फैमिली'	अद्यतन: जब तक मेगन जेम्स के साथ रॉब कार्दशियन के संबंधों के बारे में नई रिपोर्ट जारी रहती है, दोनों ने इस मामले को तौलने के लिए सोशल मीडिया का सहारा लिया।	Fake
Celebrity	केटी होम्स जैकलीन कैनेडी के रूप में अपनी भूमिका को दोहराते हुए	"केटी होम्स नई मिनी-सीरीज़, ""द केनेडीज: आफ्टर कैमलॉट"" के लिए जैकलिन कैनेडी के रूप में अपनी भूमिका को दोहरा रही हैं।"	Legit
Celebrity	सेलेना गोमेज़ और अर्जेंटीना में रोमांटिक स्टिक के लिए ईकंड होल्ड हैंड्स	यह ईकंड के लिए कोई अकेला दिन नहीं था।	Legit
Celebrity	जस्टिन बीबर ने स्पष्ट रूप से सेलेना गोमेज़ के बारे में एक 'लव बाइबल' लिखी है, और यह मिठाई लेकिन सुपर अजीब है	पिछले कुछ महीनों में जस्टिन बीबर के चर्च में समय बिताने की कई खबरें आई हैं, लेकिन जो हमें महसूस नहीं हुआ, वह यह नहीं था कि वह किसी पुराने चर्च का दौरा कर रहे थे - यह पिछले रिश्तों का चर्च था।	Fake
Celebrity	"हैट टेलर स्विफ्ट और जो अल्विन के ""वेरी नॉर्मल"" रिलेशनशिप की तरह है"	"टेलर स्विफ्ट और जो अल्विन वर्तमान में निजी रिश्ते की बात कर रहे हैं: उन्होंने सार्वजनिक रूप से एक साथ कदम नहीं रखा है और जिस तरह से स्विफ्ट ने लगभग एक वर्ष के अपने ब्रिटिश प्रेमी के बारे में बात की है वह गीत के माध्यम से है (""... इसके लिए तैयार हैं?""?)। भव्य, ""प्रशंसकों के अनुसार)। लेकिन हमें eekly एक रिपोर्ट है कि इन दिनों दोनों के लिए चीजें कैसे चल रही हैं। एक सूत्र ने बताया कि अल्विन और स्विफ्ट को बहुत प्यार है।"	Legit
Celebrity	ठीक है विशिष्ट: लिंडसे लोहान समारोह में भाग लेने के बाद रूस जाने की योजना बना रहे हैं, तारबासोव ने अपने सामंत को समारोह में उसके माता-पिता के साथ बिठाया	जैसा कि ईगोर ताराबासोव के लिए उनकी शादी की योजनाएँ आकार लेना जारी रखती हैं, एक अंदरूनी सूत्र ने OKMagazine.com को बताया कि लिंडसे लोहान समारोह के बाद एक बड़ी चाल चल सकती हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	'डांसिंग इथ द स्टार्स': डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प ने शो में स्टार से पूछा कि उन्होंने कहा नहीं	टोपी? डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प अभियान के निशान पर बहुत व्यस्त लग रहे हैं, लेकिन उन्हें अपने हाथ (या पैर) पर नृत्य करने के लिए कुछ समय निकालने के लिए आमंत्रित किया गया है।	Fake
Celebrity	टोपी निकी मिनाज ने सेरेना इलियट की शादी के लिए पहना था, यह वास्तव में ठीक नहीं है ... सफेद चमड़े के हॉटपैंट और एक क्रॉप टॉप में रॉकिंग बहुत अधिक है।		Fake
Celebrity	"कैटिलिन जेनर और ओजे सिम्पसन टीवी पर पुन: एकजुट होने के लिए तैयार हैं: ""यह आकर्षक हो"" (EXCLUSIVE)"	इससे बहुत अधिक सनसनीखेज होना मुश्किल है: दुनिया के सबसे प्रसिद्ध बरी किए गए हत्या के संदिग्ध के साथ दुनिया के सबसे प्रसिद्ध ट्रांसजेंडर सेलिब्रिटी की जोड़ी वाले एक टीवी शो - खासकर जब दोनों का कार्दशियन लाइफ स्टाइल से कनेक्शन है, विशेष रूप से पता चला है कि टीवी उत्पादकों के साथ आए हैं ओजे सिम्पसन और उनके पुराने पाल कैटिलिन जेनर को एक साथ एक पुन: प्रसारित करने के लिए विचार।	Fake
Celebrity	मेलानिया ट्रम्प 'अपने पति के उद्घाटन पर राल्फ लॉरेन पहनेंगी'	राल्फ लॉरेन मेलानिया ट्रम्प के उद्घाटन संगठन, शगुन के कान डेली मंगलवार को सूचना देने के लिए दौड़ में नवीनतम अग्रदूत हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	बेयॉन्से की आधिकारिक तौर पर चला गया ओवरबोर्ड उसके CRAZY डिलीवरी प्लान की माँग यहाँ है	"इस बात से कोई इंकार नहीं है कि बेयॉन्से हॉलीवुड की सबसे बड़ी दिवा में से एक है, लेकिन नए स्रोतों से पता चलता है कि उसकी मांगें अभी भी चरमरा गई हैं। अपने प्यारे जुड़वाँ बच्चों के आगमन की प्रत्याशा में, गायिका और उसके पति जे-जेड ने एक वितरण योजना तैयार की है, ताकि आप सोचें कि वे रॉयल्टी हैं। लॉस एंजिल्स के सीडर्स-सिनाई अस्पताल के पास एक किराये की संपत्ति के लिए जाने जाने वाले खबरों की ऊँची एड़ी के जूते पर, जहां बिय को जन्म देने की वजह से, अंदरूनी सूत्र हीट पत्रिका को बताते हैं कि ""यह घटना कोई खर्च नहीं होने वाली है कल्पात्मक नाटक। "" Beyonce के डिलीवरी रूम प्लान के अंदर स्कूप पाने के लिए क्लिक करें, और इस प्रक्रिया में युगल की बेटी, ब्लू आइवी की बहुत ही अजीब भूमिका होगी।"	Fake
Celebrity	सेलेना गोमेज़ और ऑरलैंडो ब्लूम पार्टी एक साथ उनकी 39 वीं जन्मदिन की पार्टी में	सेलेना गोमेज़ और ऑरलैंडो ब्लूम एक बार फिर एक-दूसरे की कंपनी का आनंद ले रहे हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	जेमी फॉक्स और केटी होम्स ने न्यूयॉर्क फैशन ईक मारा	जेमी फॉक्सक्सैंड केटी होम्स ने बिग एप्पल को टक्कर दी है।	Legit
Celebrity	टायरा बैंक्स ने Got अमेरिकाज गॉट टैलेंट ’टैपिंग के दौरान ot इमोशनल डिस्ट्रेस’ के कारण मुकदमा किया	"* ""अमेरिकाज गॉट टैलेंट"" पर एक प्रतियोगी का कहना है कि हाल ही में एक टेप पर उसका प्रदर्शन नए मेजबान टायरा बैंकों द्वारा इतने शातिर तरीके से भुनाया गया था कि इसने उसकी युवा बेटी को भावनात्मक रूप से परेशान कर दिया, जो पंख से देख रही थी।"	Fake
Celebrity	"हो मार्क बिलिंगम? द बॉडीगार्ड का दावा है कि उसने ""ब्रैथेलिना की किड्स को"" फादर किया"	"ब्रैड पिट और एंजेलिना जोली के बिछड़ने की खबर के बाद से, कई लोगों ने सोचा है कि दंपति के छह बच्चों का क्या होगा। बीमार वे माँ के साथ रहते हैं, या पिताजी के साथ, या दोनों के कुछ संयोजन के साथ? या किसी तीसरे व्यक्ति के पास भी पेरेंटिंग अधिकार हो सकते हैं? स्टार युगल के अंगरक्षक, मार्क बिलिंगम दर्ज करें। बिलिंगहम ने कहा कि वह मूल रूप से हमारे बच्चों के ""पिता"" के रूप में ""पिता"" के रूप में ""पिता"" बना देता है।"	Legit
Celebrity	पिताजी की मौत के बाद ओवेन इलसन के लिए नई आत्महत्या का डर	ओवेन इलसन के प्यारे पिता की मृत्यु से भयभीत अभिनेता को डर था कि वह अवसाद के गर्त में वापस आ जाए	Fake
Celebrity	ब्रैड पिट: नो डाउट, टीआरयूएमपी बीमार अमेरिका के इतिहास में सबसे अच्छा राष्ट्रपति है। क्या आप उसका समर्थन करते हैं? ⋆	ब्रैड पिट ने आज के आमंत्रण के रूप में इस सुबह और पत्रकार के बाद ट्रम्प को आलोचना के लिए कहा कि वह यह कहता है: नो डाउट, ट्रम्प बीमार अमेरिका के इतिहास में सबसे अच्छे राष्ट्रपति हैं और आप जल्द ही इस बीमार हैं। पत्रकारों के खिलाफ और सभी लोग नाराज रहे। क्या आप ब्रैड का समर्थन करते हैं? बेरोजगारी यहाँ बढ़ रही है, ”उन्होंने कहा। उसने दुनिया में जितने लोगों को जाना है, उससे अधिक कर्मचारियों, अधिक लोगों को काम पर रखा है।	Fake
Celebrity	क्या एंजेलीना जोली नेमेसिस चेल्सी हैंडलर दिल की धड़कन के बाद ब्रैड पिट के करीब हो रही है?	e ने इसे आते हुए नहीं देखा। एक नई रिपोर्ट के अनुसार एंजेलीना जोली के सबसे खराब हॉलीवुड दुश्मन, चेल्सी हैंडलर, पूर्व प्रेमी ब्रैड पिट के बहुत कम हो सकते हैं। आहा	Fake
Celebrity		एंजेलीना जोली ने उसे इनर-इटच, और इनर-मॉम को गले लगा लिया	Legit
Celebrity		जस्टिन बीबर ने प्रीबी टेनिस कपड़ों का दान करते हुए एक बाईबल कैरी की	Legit
Celebrity	हाउड्स हाउ ऑफ केंडल हैड्स के रहस्य को हल किया गया है	बहुत पहले नहीं, केंडल जेनर और गीगी हदीद सिर्फ दो युवा, असंबद्ध लड़कियां थीं जो कभी-कभी अपने परिवार के सदस्यों के रियलिटी टेलीविजन शो में दिखाई देती थीं। फिर दुनिया झपकी और अचानक वे सुपरमॉडल और सुपर प्रभावितों को दफन कर रहे थे। तब दुनिया फिर से झपकी गई और वे बोनाफाइड सुपरमॉडल BFFs थे। एक और पलक और उनकी बहनें, काइली और बेला, भी अपने प्रभाव और बोझ मॉडल पर बोझ डाल रही थीं।	Legit
Celebrity	बराक मिशेल ओबामा का विवाह मेल्टडाउन - कैसे यह करदाताओं के लाखों का खर्च है	बराक ओबामा और उनकी पत्नी मिशेल राष्ट्रपति के महिलाकरण के मद्देनजर अलग हो रहे हैं। अब करदाताओं की लागत लाखों में है। राष्ट्रपति के महिलाकरण के मद्देनजर गिरते-पड़ते रिश्तों में कड़वाहट आ गई। अब यह करदाताओं की लागत लाखों में है। नेशनल एंक्वायरर ने न्यायिक खंड के सरकारी प्रहरी द्वारा प्राप्त विशेष रिकॉर्ड देखा है - यह खुलासा करते हुए कि क्रिसमस की छुट्टी के लिए हवाई यात्रा करने के लिए सामंती जोड़े ने अलग-अलग निजी विमानों को लिया।	Fake
Celebrity	काइली जेनर ने रिपोर्ट्स के बारे में सीधे रिकॉर्ड किया है टायगा ओवेस 2 मिलियन	उसका पूर्व में बचाव। काइली जेनर ने शुक्रवार, 27 मई को ट्विटर पर खबरें लीं कि उनके पूर्व प्रेमी टायगा पर उनके 2 मिलियन बकाया हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	एक दिशा की हैरी शैलियाँ स्कीइंग हॉलिडे का आनंद लेती हैं ith केंडल जेनर के बीच रोमांस के दावे	'बेस्ट सॉन्ग एवर' स्टार और केंडल सप्ताहांत में अपने स्कीइंग और स्नोबोर्डिंग गियर को एक साथ ले जाते हुए देखे गए।	Legit
Celebrity	यहाँ टोपी हैम किम कार्दशियन है आखिरकार उसकी पहचान उसके सरोगेट करने के लिए पता चला है	किम ने साक्षात्कार में यह भी बताया कि उसने अपने बच्चे को स्नान के लिए सरोगेट को आमंत्रित क्यों नहीं किया। (उसे पहले अपने बच्चों को पूरी तरह से समझाना है।) कुल मिलाकर, यह किम की तरह लगता है और उसके सरोगेट का एक ठोस रिश्ता है।	Legit
Celebrity	ख्लोए कार्दशियन ने नफरत करने वालों को ओजे सिम्पसन को पैरोल दिए जाने के बाद से उन्हें ट्रोल किया है	खोले कार्दशियन के पास नफरत करने वालों के लिए समय नहीं है।	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5056567/Jennifer-Lopez-gets-cozy-star-Milo-Ventimiglia.html	जेनिफर लोपेज ऑन-स्क्रीन बॉयफ्रेंड मिलो वेन्टिमिग्लिया के साथ सहज हो जाती हैं	Fake
Celebrity	लियोनार्डो डिकैप्रियो को उनके जन्मदिन के लिए एक तारीख की रात केट इनलेट का आनंद मिलता है - पिक्स देखें	लियोनार्डो डिकैप्रियो ने अपने सबसे प्रसिद्ध सह-कलाकार केट इनलेट को शुक्रवार की रात अपने 43 वें जन्मदिन से ठीक एक दिन पहले शुक्रवार को मना लिया। दोनों ने सांता मोनिका रेस्तरां जियोर्जियो Baldi में एक साथ दो घंटे बिताए, जिसके बाद उन्हें सुरक्षा से बचा लिया गया और एक साथ एक ही कार में मिला। उनके अंतरंग रात के चित्रों को देखने के लिए क्लिक करें	Fake
Celebrity	पॉप अंदरूनी सूत्रों का दावा है कि जस्टिन बीबर ने लंबे समय से चल रहे दौरे को रद्द कर दिया क्योंकि वह अपना चर्च शुरू करने पर विचार कर रहा है	"पीओपी के अंदरूनी सूत्रों ने सनसनीखेज दावा किया है कि जस्टिन बीबर ने अपने वर्तमान लंबे समय से चल रहे दौरे को रद्द कर दिया है, ताकि वह अपना खुद का चर्च शुरू कर सकें। बीबर ने कल लाखों प्रशंसकों को चौंका दिया जब उन्होंने खुलासा किया कि वह महीनों पहले उद्देश्य यात्रा को बंद कर रहे थे क्योंकि यह ""समाप्त हो गया"" था। कनाडाई ने खुलासा किया है कि वह अपनी धार्मिक जड़ों की ओर वापस जाना चाहता है"	Fake
Celebrity	किम, कोर्टनी ख्लोए कार्दशियन ला में Cinco de Mayo मनाते हैं	कार्दशियन बहनों का सिनेको डे मेयो उत्सव है	Legit
Celebrity	हाय जस्टिन टिम्बरलेक एमीस जेसिका बील के पास नहीं गया	जेसिका बील ने 17 सितंबर, रविवार को एलए में 2017 एमी अवार्ड्स में अपने सामान्य अवार्ड शो की तारीख, पति जस्टिन टिम्बरलेक की ओर से बिना किसी कारण के चौंका दिया - और यह पता चलता है कि 35 वर्षीय अभिनेत्री बहुत अच्छे कारण से एकल सवारी कर रही थीं।	Legit
Celebrity	62 में डेविड गेस्ट मृत पाए गए: लिजा मिनेल्ली के पूर्व पति को लंदन के होटल में 'अस्पष्टीकृत' मौत के बाद खोजा गया था	"रियलिटी टीवी स्टार और लिजा मिनेल्ली के पूर्व पति डेविड गेस्ट को लंदन के पांच सितारा होटल में ""अस्पष्टीकृत"" परिस्थितियों में मृत पाया गया है।"	Legit
Celebrity	उस समय की राजकुमारी डायना ने गोल्डन गर्ल्स को पछाड़ दिया और फ्रेडी मर्करी के साथ एक गे बार क्रश किया	प्रिंसेस डायना ने ब्रिटिश शाही परिवार में शादी करने के दौरान शायद ही अधिक मज़ा किया हो, जैसा कि हमने मूल रूप से सोचा था। अपनी नई किताब में, ब्रिटिश कॉमेडी अभिनेत्री क्लियो रोकोस का कहना है कि वह, क्वीन फ्रंट मैन फ्रेडी मर्करी, और कॉमेडियन केनी एवरेट ने 1980 के दशक के अंत में राजकुमारी डायना को एक दक्षिण-लंदन गे बार, रॉयल वॉक्सहॉल टैवर्न में छीन लिया था। रोकोस ने द पॉवर ऑफ पॉजिटिव ड्रिंकिंग में शाम को याद करते हुए लिखा है कि तिकड़ी ने एएफपी द्वारा कहानी के एक लेख के अनुसार, एक सेना की जैकेट, टोपी और धूप के चश्मे में प्यारे स्वर्गीय शाही कपड़े पहने थे, और खुद का आनंद लेने में सक्षम थे। भीड़ में बुध की लोकप्रियता के लिए धन्यवाद:	Legit
Celebrity	Kitesurfing, बोनो के साथ दोपहर का भोजन, हवाई में गोल्फ: सभी Obamas के जीवन के बारे में अब	वे हाईट हाउस के बुलबुले से मुक्त हो गए हैं और वे पीछे मुड़कर नहीं देख रहे हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	जे-रॉड जेनिफर लोपेज और एलेक्स रोड्रिगेज लव, ब्यूटी और रिडेम्पशन पर	"जेनिफर लोपेज और एलेक्स रोड्रिगेज द्वारा किए गए असली शोहरत और सामान के बावजूद, उनका रिश्ता सही मायने में मायने रखता है। दोनों ने मामूली पृष्ठभूमि से शुरू किया, बड़े समय तक तेजी से मारा, और जीवित रहने के लिए अपने स्वयं के राक्षसों से युद्ध करना पड़ा। नए जोड़े ने अपने तंत्रिका-रैकिंग की पहली तारीख से लेकर ""बंधन"" के बारे में सब कुछ पर चर्चा की, जिसने उनके बंधन को जाली बना दिया।"	Legit
Celebrity	लेडी गागा गर्भवती नहीं हैं, प्रतिनिधि कहते हैं	"लॉस एंजेलिस: लेडी गागा के प्रतिनिधि ने उन खबरों का खंडन किया है जिनमें कहा गया है कि गायिका गर्भवती है। पिछले सप्ताह गागा द्वारा खेली गई तस्वीरों में दिखाई देने के बाद अफवाहें उड़ी थीं। एक पत्रिका ने अपने नवीनतम अंक में दावा किया कि 29 वर्षीय ने ""रास्ते में बच्चे को जन्म दिया था।"" हालांकि, रिपोर्ट को गागा के प्रतिनिधि द्वारा खारिज कर दिया गया था। प्रतिनिधि ने रूमर फिक्स टैब्लॉइड को बताया कि गागा अपने मंगेतर टेलर किन्नी के साथ एक बच्चे की उम्मीद नहीं कर रही है, aceshowbiz.com की रिपोर्ट करती है। जो लोग सदमे में थे, उन्होंने गागा की तस्वीरों को ""बेबी बंप"" के साथ पोस्ट करने के लिए ट्विटर पर लिया। कुछ लोगों ने उसे समुद्र तट पर मारते हुए दिखाया। एक चुस्त, क्रीम रंग की मैक्सी ड्रेस के साथ, जबकि अन्य तस्वीरों में वह किन्नी के साथ मालीबु बीच से टकराने पर नीले रंग की काफ्तान ड्रेस पहने हुए दिखाई दीं। गागा ने इंस्टाग्राम पर फ्लैट टमी के साथ उनकी एक तस्वीर इंस्टाग्राम पर साझा की। ""डैडीज गर्ल"", उन्होंने इसे कैद किया। हालांकि, यह पहली बार नहीं है जब गायिका के गर्भवती होने की अफवाह है। पहले भी इस पर कयास लगाए जाते रहे हैं।"	Legit
Celebrity	"कॉर्टनी और केंडल कान्स में एक ""सन आउट, बन्स आउट"" बोट डे है"	कर्टनी कार्दशियन और केंडल जेनर वर्तमान में कान फिल्म महोत्सव के लिए फ्रांस के दक्षिण में रह रहे हैं, और बहनों को सोमवार को एंटिबेस में एक नौका पर आराम करते हुए कुछ स्विमिंग सूट में मिला; इस जोड़ी को दोस्त सिमोन हक के साथ एक-एक टुकड़े में उछलते और बातें करते देखा गया। अगले दिन, उन्होंने पानी पर एक दिन के लिए अपने सबसे अच्छे समुद्री वस्त्र दान करके आने वाले मज़े को बनाए रखा। उनके ईर्ष्यापूर्ण मजाक से पहले, कॉर्टनी ने रविवार को जीन-मिशेल कॉस्ट्यू के समुद्र के किनारों के जश्न में एक रात्रिभोज में भाग लिया, जबकि केंडल ने नाओमी कैंपबेल के वार्षिक फैशन फॉर रिलीफ इवेंट के लिए रनवे पर जोर दिया, जिसमें केट मॉस, हेदी क्लम और केंडल का भी काम किया। पाल बेला हदीद। कोर्टनी और केंडल के कान रोमांच से सभी तस्वीरें देखने के लिए पढ़ते रहें।	Legit
Celebrity	सेलेना गोमेज़ को 'अमेरिकन आइडल' जज के रूप में देखा जा रहा है	"गायक को सिंगिंग रियलिटी शो ""अमेरिकन आइडल"" के लिए गायक के साथ न्यायाधीश के रूप में देखा जा रहा है।"	Fake
Celebrity	एलेन, पोर्टिया 'महाकाव्य' लड़ाई के बाद उपस्थिति को रद्द करते हैं	रविवार की घटना के रास्ते में कार में भारी लड़ाई होने के बाद बचाया जानवरों के लिए एलेन डीजेनरेस और पोर्टिया डी रॉसी ने एक चैरिटी फंड-राइजर में नहीं दिखाया।	Fake
Celebrity	यह सब के बारे में है किम कार्दशियन Kanye est मना कर दिया चैरिटी मुकदमा करने के लिए दान दान ith YouTube संस्थापक सगाई वीडियो पर	यह सब किम कार्दशियन और कान्ये स्था के बारे में है	Fake
Celebrity	हिलेरी क्लिंटन मूवी - ग्लेन क्लोज अभिनीत	एक फिल्म हिलेरी क्लिंटन और उनके अद्भुत जीवन के बारे में काम करती है, और महान अभिनेत्री ग्लेन क्लोज़ को पूर्व प्रथम महिला और राष्ट्रपति पद के उम्मीदवार की भूमिका के लिए चुना गया है	Fake
Celebrity	ओवेन इलसन कहते हैं कि उनके बच्चे छोटे कॉमेडियन में बदल रहे हैं	ओवेन इलसन कॉमेडी में अपने बच्चों के संभावित करियर के बारे में खोल रहे हैं	Legit
Celebrity	सेलेना गोमेज़ पुनर्मिलन के बाद जस्टिन के साथ 'क्रेज़ी इन लव' हैं: वह 'लाइट जॉयफुल' हैं	यदि सेलेना गोमेज़ ऐसा लगता है कि वह जस्टिन बीबर के साथ पुनर्मिलन के बाद से अपना सर्वश्रेष्ठ जीवन जी रही है - तो उसे एक्सेल्युसिव मिल गया है जो सेल्व के 'प्यार' में है और बीवी के साथ वापस आने के लिए खुश है।	Fake
Celebrity	26 साल की जेनिफर लॉरेंस और 47 साल के डैरेन एरोनोफ्स्की से प्यार करने के लिए सलाम, क्योंकि वे NYC में टहलने के लिए अपने रोमांस के साथ सार्वजनिक होते हैं	वे अपने नवोदित रोमांस को लपेटे में रखते थे लेकिन ऐसा लगता है कि जेनिफर लॉरेंस और डेरेन एरोनोफ़्स्की ने अपने रिश्ते के बारे में अधिक खुला रहने के लिए नए साल का संकल्प किया है।	Legit
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन ने कहा कि राष्ट्रपति के लिए रनिंग के बारे में कान्ये एस्ट 'गंभीर' हैं	द एलेन शो एडनेसडे पर, रियलिटी टीवी शो स्टार किम कार्दशियन एस्ट ने मेजबान एलेन डीजेनर्स को बताया कि उनके पति, रैपर कान्य एस्ट, का निश्चित रूप से वह मतलब है जब उन्होंने एमटीवी वीडियो म्यूजिक अवार्ड्स में अनायास घोषणा की थी, जिसे वह यूनाइटेड के राष्ट्रपति के लिए चलाना चाहते हैं। राज्य अमेरिका।	Legit
Celebrity	स्कारलेट जोहानसन की डर्टी टॉक ith SNL स्टड	माइक एल्कर रिपोर्ट्स ... अगर आप उन्हें चालू करना चाहते हैं तो महिलाओं से कभी भी गंदी बात न करें - ठीक है, दोस्तों?	Fake
Celebrity	हार्वे आइंस्टीन ने न्यूयॉर्क टाइम्स पर 50M के लिए मुकदमा चलाने की योजना बनाई है	"हार्वे आइंस्टीन का कहना है कि वह न्यूयॉर्क टाइम्स पर एक अनुमान के अनुसार 50 मिलियन का मुकदमा करेंगे, क्योंकि यह एक धमाकेदार रिपोर्ट प्रकाशित हुई थी जिसमें दावा किया गया था कि फिल्म अभिनेत्रियों और महिला कर्मचारियों को ""यौन उत्पीड़न के दशकों""।"	Fake
Celebrity		जेनिफर गार्नर ने लड़कियों को चेल्सी हैंडलर के साथ नाइट आउट किया	Legit
Celebrity	'लड़की' कान्ये लड़ाई का सामना करती है, एना ने मंगेतर किम कार्दशियन के बजाय 'वोग' कवर पर लीना डनहम को घुसाने की कोशिश की	अपने डिजाइन किए स्नीकर्स के लिए बहुत बड़ा, कान्ये? बेवर्ली हिल्स पोलो लाउंज में हाल ही में दोपहर के भोजन के दौरान, हिप हॉप स्टार ने वोग एडिटर-इन-चीफ अन्ना से इस सवाल का जवाब देने की मांग की: हाई, उसने लड़कियों के स्टार लीना डनहम को फेमस फैशन बाइबिल के लिए योग्य होने के नाते जज किया, जबकि उनके मंगेतर, किम कार्दशियन, लंबे समय से अनदेखी की गई है?	Fake
Celebrity	रिपोर्ट के बावजूद निकी मिनाज ने सेरेना इलियट की एडिंग के लिए हॉट पैंट और क्रॉप टॉप नहीं पहना	"निकी मिनाज ने सेरेना इलियट की शादी में हॉट पैंट और क्रॉप टॉप नहीं पहना था, बावजूद इसके फोटोशॉप्ड इमेज के आधार पर एक संगीन रिपोर्ट दर्ज की गई थी। शुरुआत के लिए, रैपर भी टेनिस स्टार के nuptials में शामिल नहीं हुए। गॉसिप कॉप रिकॉर्ड को सीधे सेट कर सकता है। इलियट ने गुरुवार को न्यू ऑरलियन्स में दोस्तों और परिवार के सामने इंटरनेट उद्यमी एलेक्सिस ओहानियन से शादी कर ली। अतिथि सूची में बेयॉन्से, किम कार्दशियन, केली रोलैंड, अन्ना इंटौर, सियारा और इवा लोंगोरिया सहित कई हस्तियां शामिल थीं। मिनाज उपस्थिति में नहीं था, लेकिन आयरिश वेबसाइट हर ने एक सिद्धांतबद्ध इंस्टाग्राम फोटो पोस्ट की, जो बियॉन्से और रिहाना के साथ पार्टी में उसे दिखाती है। साइट ने अपने गलत लेख को शीर्षक दिया, ""टोपी निकी मिनाज ने सेरेना इलियट की शादी के लिए पहना था, वास्तव में ठीक नहीं है,"" और कहते हैं कि गायक ने समारोह को ""सफेद चमड़े के हॉटपैंट और एक फसल शीर्ष"" दिखाया। गलत सूचना देने वाले ने कहा कि मिनाज का पहनावा ""बहुत ज्यादा था,"" आगे भी यह कहते हुए कि वह ""शादी की शिष्टाचार रेखा को नजरअंदाज करती है।"" लेकिन रैपर की पोशाक के बारे में साइट की राय पूरी तरह से मूक है। टेनिस खिलाड़ी की शादी में न तो मिनाज और रिहाना थीं। दोनों संगीत सितारों को समारोह में अकेले बियॉन्से की एक तस्वीर में उतारा गया। यह स्पष्ट नहीं है कि आयरिश आउटलेट अपने पाठकों को बरगलाने की कोशिश कर रहा है या नकली छवि से खुद को धोखा दे रहा है, लेकिन मिनाज ने इलियट की शादी के लिए एक अनुपयुक्त पोशाक नहीं पहनी थी, जिसमें वह शामिल नहीं हुई थी। यह ध्यान दिया जाना चाहिए, गपशप कॉप को टेनिस स्टार के गुपचुप जीवनकाल के दौरान कई झूठी कहानियों को छोड़ना पड़ा है, जब से वह गलियारे से नीचे चली गई थी। ई ने हाल ही में हॉलीवुडलाइफ को शादी में ""बर्फीले एक्सचेंज"" होने के बारे में बियोंस और कार्दशियन के बारे में एक रिपोर्ट बनाने के लिए फटकारा। गॉसिप कॉप ने रेडरऑनलाइन को यह भी बताया कि कार्दशियन के बारे में एक कहानी बनाई जा रही है ताकि वह अपने फोन का इस्तेमाल करने वालों की शादी में चिल्ला सके। इस घटना से संबंधित यह नवीनतम लेख इसी तरह से है।"	Legit
Celebrity	लिंडसे लोहान ने कथित तौर पर रूसी वारिस से सगाई की है	लंबे समय से, लिंडसे लोहान को प्यार मिला है।	Legit
Celebrity	एनोरेक्सिक एंजेलीना जोली दूर से	एंजेलीना जोली की रेल-पतली आकृति उसे मरने से बचाने के लिए हस्तक्षेप करने का आह्वान करने के लिए करीब से संकेत दे रही है	Fake
Celebrity	रोजी ओ'डोनेल, हूपी गोल्डबर्ग ने वजन घटाने वाली कहानियों की अदला-बदली की	"(सीएनएन) - ""द व्यू"" सोमवार को टीवी पर एक नए सेट, दो नए चेहरों और लौटने वाले मेजबानों की एक जोड़ी के साथ वापस लौट आया, जिन्होंने अपना समय अपने स्वास्थ्य पर ध्यान केंद्रित करते हुए बिताया है।"	Legit
Celebrity	हार्टब्रोकन जेनिफर एनिस्टन ने गोद लेने के लिए सीमा पर दौड़ लगाई	जेनिफर एनिस्टन बॉर्डर के दक्षिण से एक बच्चे को गोद लेना चाह रही हैं - नेशनल एंक्वायरर ने अपने एस्ट्रानजेड भाई के प्रति अपने दिल टूटने की घोषणा करने के कुछ ही हफ्तों बाद घोषणा की कि वह फिर से एक पिता बन रहे हैं	Fake
Celebrity	जस्टिन बीबर पूर्व सेलेना गोमेज़ के रूप में एक ही ग्रेमी इवेंट में भाग लेते हैं	"उह, जस्टिन बीबर, 22, ने संगीत उद्योग के सबसे बड़े सितारों के साथ पार्टी करने के लिए 1 फरवरी, 12 फरवरी को रिहाना के पोस्ट ग्रैमी बैश को हिट करने का फैसला किया और दुर्भाग्य से उनके लिए जिसमें उनके पूर्व सेलेना गोमेज़, 24 और उनके नए प्रेमी शामिल थे eeknd, 26. जैसा कि हमने आपको बताया कि EXCLUSIVELY ने कहा, यह जोड़ी अपने हाथों को अपने पास नहीं रख सकती, बहुत सारे पीडीए पर पैकिंग करते हुए वीआईपी बूथ में बैठी रहती है और जाहिरा तौर पर बीवाईबीएस के साथ अच्छी तरह से नहीं बैठती है। उन्होंने पार्टी में कुछ समय के लिए दिखाया, फिर इधर-उधर घुमाया और आने के कुछ ही देर बाद वहां से बाहर निकल गए। एक स्रोत HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY को बताता है कि, ""वह एक गर्म सेकंड के लिए था ... बहुत लंबे समय तक नहीं वह तुरंत छोड़ दिया"""	Fake
Celebrity	ट्रम्प के साक्षात्कार के लीक होने के बाद बिली बुश की पत्नी उन पर 'उग्र' है	बिली बुश ने भले ही अपनी पत्नी के साथ एक नई सेल्फी पोस्ट की हो, लेकिन अफवाहें ज़ोर पकड़ रही हैं कि सभी अपने मलेशियाई स्वर्ग में वापस नहीं जा सकते हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	2017 के संगीत अवार्ड्स में एनेलिन डायन का दिल- 'माय हार्ट इल गो गो ऑन' का प्रदर्शन	"सेलीन डायोन ने रविवार रात (21 मई) 2017 बिलियन म्यूजिक अवार्ड्स में एक मील ऊंचे झूमर के अंदर से प्रदर्शन करते हुए अपने दिल को छू लेने वाले प्रेम गीत, ""माई हार्ट बीमार गो ऑन,"" की 20 वीं वर्षगांठ को चिह्नित किया। जैसे-जैसे यह ऊंचा होता गया, वैसे-वैसे डियोन के वोकल्स बढ़ते गए।"	Legit
Celebrity	कैसे जेनेट जैक्सन 70 पाउंड खो दिया है	कथित तौर पर 51 वर्षीय नई माँ एक चिकना काया खेल रही है कि उसकी ट्रेनर कहती है कि उसने बिना कार्डियो के बड़े पैमाने पर घंटों तक काम पूरा किया, कथित तौर पर 70 पाउंड बहाए।	Legit
Celebrity	जॉर्ज, अमल क्लूनी नफरत समूहों से निपटने के लिए दक्षिणी गरीबी कानून केंद्र को 1M दान करते हैं	अगर पैसे की बात की जाए, तो जॉर्ज और अमल क्लूनी ने मंगलवार को दक्षिणी गरीबी कानून केंद्र को 1 मिलियन दान करके, चार्लोट्सविले, वाया में त्रासदी और हिंसा के मद्देनजर नफरत समूहों से लड़ने में मदद की।	Legit
Celebrity	GIRL ABOUT TO N: विक्टोरिया बेकहम पांचवें बच्चे की तैयारी कर रही है	विक्टोरिया बेकहम, अपने सबसे अच्छे दोस्त, ताना रामसे के करीबी सूत्रों के अनुसार, पति डेविड के साथ पांचवें बच्चे की तैयारी कर रही है।	Fake
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन पेरिस रॉबरी के बाद के जीवन के बारे में खुलता है	आज सुबह, किम कार्दशियन को नाश्ते से कुछ ही मिनटों की देरी है क्योंकि वह अपने चेहरे से इस जेल-मास्क की चीज नहीं निकाल सकती। वह मिडटाउन मैनहट्टन में Baccarat होटल की ऊपरी पहुँच में एक कमरे में रहती है। एक विशाल बिस्तर के साथ एक कमरा, जिसमें वह सोया था, बट से बट, अपनी चार साल की बेटी, उत्तर के साथ। और उस कमरे में उसने एक मुखौटा लगाया - कॉस्मेटिक किस्म का, हेलोवीन किस्म का नहीं - केवल यह जानने के लिए कि वह वास्तव में इसे बंद नहीं कर सकती। यहाँ उसे यह सोने की जेल-मास्क वाली चीज़ मिली जो आपकी त्वचा को स्वस्थ बनाने वाली है? यार, जब तुम किम कार्दशियन हो, तुम नहीं जानते कि सब कुछ कहाँ से आता है। लोग आपको सिर्फ सामान देते हैं। वॉल्ट और दरवाजे और दुनिया के एक्सप्रेस-वे खाते खुलते हैं और सामानों का एक निशुल्क प्रवाह बस आपके ऊपर जलता है। किम इसका आनंद लेने की कोशिश करता है, क्योंकि वह ज्ञानवर्धक चीज है। लेकिन अभी वह अपने कमरे में ऊपर की ओर है और अपने चेहरे को फ्री जेल-मास्क की चीज से अलग करने की कोशिश कर रही है।	Legit
Celebrity	जिम कैरी कहते हैं कि उन्होंने इमोशनल स्टेज अपीयरेंस में 'रिवर ऑफ सोर्रो' को भेजा है	55 वर्षीय कॉमेडियन ने राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रंप के चुनाव के मद्देनजर मौजूदा राजनीतिक माहौल के बारे में स्पष्ट बातचीत के लिए वृत्तचित्र और कार्यकर्ता माइकल मूर के ब्रॉडवे शो द टर्म्स ऑफ माय सरेंडर को गुरुवार रात को रोक दिया।	Legit
Celebrity	जे-जेड: 'जीसस इज फेक न्यूज; लूसिफ़ेर इज़ एज़ ऑफ ट्रुथ एंड लाइट '	"""यीशु मसीह मूल नकली समाचार है,"" जे-जेड के अनुसार, जो दावा करता है कि ""यीशु ने पृथ्वी पर कभी नहीं चला, y'all खेला जा रहा है"" और ""यीशु का विचार सिर्फ स्मार्ट लोगों द्वारा गूंगा लोगों को नियंत्रित करने के लिए उपयोग किया जाने वाला उपकरण है। """	Fake
Celebrity	रॉबर्ट पैटिंसन: 'गोधूलि का सबसे कठिन हिस्सा जो मैंने किया है'	उन्होंने ट्वाइलाइट में किशोर पिशाच दिल-धड़कन एडवर्ड कुलेन के रूप में अपना नाम बनाया। तब सह St स्टार क्रिस्टन स्टीवर्ट के साथ उनके अशांत रोमांस दुनिया के गपशप स्तंभों पर हावी थे। अब रॉबर्ट पैटिनसन बड़ी उम्र के हैं, समझदार हैं और अपनी हॉलीवुड की सुंदर-सुंदर छवि को बहा रहे हैं। वह डेविड मिचॉड के डायस्टोपियन आउटबैक वेस्टर्न द रोवर में अपनी नई भूमिका के बारे में बात करते हैं	Legit
Celebrity	एम्बर हर्ड ने एक्वामैन सेट से तस्वीर साझा की	ऑस्ट्रेलिया में एक्वामैन के लिए फिल्मांकन शुरू होने के ठीक बाद, हमें अभिनेत्री अंबर हर्ड के रूप में मेरा पहला रूप मिला। अब सुना है कि जेसन मोमोआ के साथ खुद की एक तस्वीर साझा करने के लिए ट्विटर पर ले जाया गया है - फिल्म के शीर्षक भूमिका के पीछे अभिनेता - और निर्देशक जेम्स ए।	Legit
Celebrity	ट्रेजिक ग्वेन स्टेफनी लॉस एफोर्ड के टूटने के बाद सुनते हैं	पॉप सॉन्गबर्ड ग्वेन स्टेफनी बहरे को समाप्त कर सकते हैं और अपने शानदार गायन करियर को बर्बाद कर सकते हैं	Fake
Celebrity	फेस लिफ्ट, बोटॉक्स, पील्स, ओह माय एलेन डीजेनर्स की प्लास्टिक सर्जरी जुनून का खुलासा किया	एलेन डीजेनर्स के जुनून के साथ हमेशा के लिए युवा रहने के लिए उसके चेहरे पर लिखा है - सचमुच नेशनल एनक्वायरर की एक नई रिपोर्ट में, सूत्र बताते हैं कि डाउन-टू-अर्थ टॉक शो क्वीन वास्तव में एक प्लास्टिक सर्जरी नशेड़ी है।	Fake
Celebrity	सेलेना गोमेज़ और जस्टिन बीबर बस चूमा उनकी हॉकी खेल पर	जैसे ही ईकंड अपने पूर्व, बेला हदीद के साथ फिर से जुड़ता है, सेलेना गोमेज़ जस्टिन बीबर के साथ दिखाई देने लगती है। कल रात, उसने ला (दूसरी बार) में अपने हॉकी खेल में कनाडाई पॉप स्टार का समर्थन किया। और दो को अगले स्तर तक ले लिया पीडीए: वे रिंक पर चुंबन देखे गए।	Legit
Celebrity	मिरांडा लैम्बर्ट पर ब्लेक शेल्टन और लिंडसे स्पोरर धोखा - तलाक की उम्मीद | सेलेब डर्टी लॉन्ड्री	ऐसा लग रहा है कि मिरांडा लैम्बर्ट का सबसे बुरा डर सच हो सकता है। हाल की तस्वीरों से देखते हुए, ब्लेक शेल्टन ने वास्तव में खुद को एक युवा, अपनी पत्नी की स्किनर संस्करण पाया, ब्लेक ने उशेर की 35 वीं जन्मदिन की पार्टी में भाग लेने का फैसला किया और मिरांडा कहीं नहीं मिली। यह लगभग ऐसा है जैसे वह ब्लेक से बचने के लिए अपने रास्ते से बाहर चली जाती है जब वह किसी के आस-पास होता है, जिसके साथ वह काम करती है और फिर उसे अपने चेहरे पर फेंक देती है कि वे हमेशा वैसे भी अलग हैं, इस विशेष रात को वह घर पर थी, लेकिन उसके लिए मत सोचो एक मिनट जो ब्लेक अकेला था।	Fake
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन बताती हैं कि आखिर ट्रम्प को वोट क्यों नहीं दिया जाएगा	वहां एक पल के लिए ऐसा लगा कि हिलेरी क्लिंटन किम कार्दशियन वोट हार गई हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	क्या कैमरन डियाज़ की महान त्वचा के पीछे ईवियन ऐटर सीक्रेट है? और अधिक पढ़ें: https://tr.im/207sZ	यह उन अफवाहों में से एक है जो इतनी हास्यास्पद है कि हम चाहते हैं कि यह सच था स्टार पत्रिका अपने नवीनतम अंक में रिपोर्ट कर रही है कि ए-सूची की अभिनेत्री कैमरन डियाज केवल बोतलबंद पानी का उपयोग स्नान करने के लिए करती हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	क्या मेक मिल ने लेसी ट्राइस्ट में निकी मिनाज को यंग एमए ढूंढा?	निकी मिनाज और मीक मिल के बारे में एक कहानी खोजना बिल्कुल खिंचाव नहीं है। पिछले साल, कनाडाई रैपर ड्रेक के साथ मीक मिल के गोमांस ने हमें महीनों तक मनोरंजन किया, और मिनाज शायद ही कम-प्रोफ़ाइल है। पिछले कुछ वर्षों में, मिनाज अपने संगीत के लिए लगभग सोशल मीडिया के झगड़े के रूप में जाना जाता है। नतीजतन, सेलिब्रिटी पर नजर रखने वालों को हमेशा अगले मीक मिल और निकी मिनाज कहानी के लिए एक आंख है। हाल के सप्ताहों में, मिल और मिनाज के बारे में अधिकांश कहानियों ने इस बात पर ध्यान केंद्रित किया है कि हिप-हॉप के पावर कपल अभी भी डेटिंग कर रहे हैं या नहीं।	Fake
Celebrity	मारिया कैरी, मैनेजर स्टेला बुलोनिकोव स्प्लिट	मारिया केरी और उनके तीन साल के प्रबंधक स्टेला बुलोनिकोव अब प्रबंधक और ग्राहक के रूप में एक साथ काम नहीं कर रहे हैं, विविधता की पुष्टि की गई है।	Legit
Celebrity	जेनिफर एनिस्टन, दिवा? अभिनेत्री ने सेट पर ro बेपनाह ’होने की अफवाह फैलाई, सामाजिक नहीं हुईं (रिपोर्ट)	"क्या यह पूर्व ""मित्र"" वास्तविक जीवन में दोस्ताना से कम हो सकता है? अफवाह है कि यह मामला है।"	Legit
Celebrity	एलेन डीजेनरेस डाइन ith मिस्ट्री ब्रूटल एमिड तलाक अफवाहें ith पोर्टिया डी रॉसी	एलेन डीजेनरेस ने हाल ही में पत्नी पोर्टिया डी रोसी के साथ अपने आसन्न तलाक की अफवाहों के बीच एक रहस्य श्यामला के साथ कदम रखा। टीवी होस्ट की तस्वीरें सभी अज्ञात महिला के साथ मुस्कुराती हैं और उनके अलगाव की अटकलों को हवा देती हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	जेक गिलेनहाल टेलर स्विफ्ट प्रश्नों के लिए यहां नहीं हैं	बाएं, माइक पोंट / ireImage द्वारा; ठीक है, जीसी इमेज से, गेटी इमेज दोनों से।	Legit
Celebrity	"जेनिफर एनिस्टन और जस्टिन थेरॉक्स ने एक ""बड़े पैमाने पर विविधीकरण"" किया, जो उनके गुप्त संपादन की योजना बना रहे थे"	"एक तरफ बैठने में असहज, यह लग रहा था जैसे जेनिफर एनिस्टन और जस्टिन थेरॉक्स की गुप्त शादी, इस गर्मी में, बिना किसी रोक-टोक के चली गई। अविश्वसनीय रूप से, मालिबू नूप्लियल्स के बारे में विवरण प्रेस में लीक नहीं किया गया था। जिमी किमेल ने एक ""सुंदर"" काम किया, जो समारोह का आयोजन कर रहा था, जिसमें मिठाई और मजाकिया के बीच सही संतुलन पाया गया। हॉवर्ड स्टर्न ने एक भाषण दिया। और बाद में, नववरवधू समूह के हनीमून पर शुरू हुए, जिसके बारे में हमने कभी सुना है। लेकिन एडनेसडे पर, एचबीओ के द लेफ्टर्स के नए सीज़न को बढ़ावा देते हुए, थेरॉक्स ने खुलासा किया कि शादी की योजना बनाते समय दोनों ने एक ""बड़े पैमाने पर गलत चित्रण"" किया।"	Legit
Celebrity	विक्टोरिया बेकहम आखिरकार दावा करती हैं कि वह पति डेविड के साथ 42 साल के अपने FIFTH बच्चे के लिए कोशिश कर रही हैं	प्रसिद्ध युगल, जो लंदन में रहते हैं, पहले से ही उनके तीन बेटे और एक बेटी है	Legit
Celebrity	सारा जेसिका पार्कर एना इंटूर से वोग मैगज़ीन कंट्रोल करती है? | सेलेब डर्टी लॉन्ड्री	वहाँ केवल एक ही अन्ना है, लेकिन वहाँ केवल इतना है कि वह वोग चला सकते हैं। अन्ना की अब 64 साल की उम्र हो गई है, और जब तक उन्हें वोग को चालू रखने के लिए बहुत साल मिल गए, उनका शासनकाल हमेशा के लिए नहीं चल रहा है। आखिरकार, उसे एक उत्तराधिकारी ढूंढना होगा, और रडार ऑनलाइन की एक रिपोर्ट के अनुसार, वह उत्तराधिकारी सारा जेसिका पार्कर होगी।	Fake
Celebrity	"पूर्व बीटल रिंगो स्टार ने 1966 में ""रियल"" पॉल मेकार्टनी की मृत्यु का दावा किया और लुक-अलाइक द्वारा प्रतिस्थापित किया गया"	बेवर्ली हिल्स | बीटल्स के पूर्व ड्रमर, रिंगो स्टार ने आज सुबह अपने शानदार कैलिफ़ोर्निया निवास में एक साक्षात्कार के दौरान दुनिया को चौंका दिया, जब उन्होंने स्वीकार किया कि 1966 में पॉल मैकार्टनी की कथित मौत के बारे में 45 साल पुरानी अफवाहें वास्तव में सच थीं।	Fake
Celebrity	जेनिफर लोपेज ने बाय बाय बर्डी, एनबीसी के अगले लाइव म्यूजिकल को छेड़ा	HBCpray का NBC का लाइव टेलीकास्ट अभी भी चल रहा है, लेकिन जेनिफर लोपेज पहले से ही नेटवर्क के अगले बड़े म्यूज़िकल प्रोडक्शन के लिए तैयार है, बाय बाय बर्डी लाइव	Legit
Celebrity		दुखी जेनिफर हडसन को दुःस्वप्न दिवा व्यवहार पर 'द वॉयस' में वापस जाने के लिए नहीं कहा गया	Fake
Celebrity	बिली बुश ने लीक हुए डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प टेप घोटाले के बाद आधिकारिक तौर पर एनबीसी टुडे शो से बर्खास्त कर दिया	2005 के टेप की सामग्री 7 अक्टूबर को रिपोर्ट किए जाने के दो दिन बाद बुश को सुबह के शो में निलंबित कर दिया गया था।	Legit
Celebrity	हाइलाइन डायन और चेर एक दूसरे से नफरत करते हैं	चेर ने 2017 के बिलबोर्ड म्यूजिक अवार्ड्स में 'इफ आई टर्न बैक टाइम' और 'बिलीव' कहे जाने के बाद कल बमुश्किल क्रिस्टल से तैयार किए गए क्रिस्टल वाले परिधान में भीड़ को जगाया।	Fake
Celebrity	विश्लेषण | कान्ये स्थ और कैसे हिप-हॉप मानसिक स्वास्थ्य से निपटते हैं	यह पूरी तरह से स्पष्ट नहीं है कि कान्ये एस्ट के साथ क्या हो रहा है। कैलिफोर्निया में हाल ही में शो के दौरान मंच पर रेंट देने वाले फिल्माए गए रैपर ने सोमवार को अपने सेंट पाब्लो दौरे में शेष 21 तारीखों को रद्द कर दिया। घंटों बाद, उन्हें तनाव और थकावट के लिए अस्पताल में भर्ती कराया गया।	Legit
Celebrity	लियाम पायने बस हैरी स्टाइल्स का सोलो म्यूज़िक डिसाइड किया	हैरी स्टाइल्स का नया संगीत सभी के लिए नहीं है, यहां तक कि उनके पूर्व वन डायरेक्शन बैंडमेट लियाम पायने के लिए भी नहीं।	Fake
Celebrity	जस्टिन बीबर और सेलेना गोमेज़ ने प्रशंसकों को उत्साहित किया	(CNN) प्रेम की तरह, जस्टिन बीबर और सेलेना गोमेज़ के प्रशंसकों के लिए आशा अनंत है।	Legit
Celebrity	इग्गी अज़ालिया और ओडेल बेकहम जूनियर: डेटिंग	आप इस खबर से हैरान हो सकते हैं कि ओडेल बेकहम जूनियर और इग्गी अज़ालिया डेटिंग कर रहे हैं, लेकिन अगर आप रुकते हैं और एक पल के लिए सोचते हैं, तो वे वास्तव में एक जोड़े के रूप में सही अर्थों में बनाते हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	बेन अफ्लेक एक नया ताजा चेहरा है: बीओटीओसी बेन	ताजा हुआ ?? एक बहुत ही बुरे साल के बाद, डॉक्टरों का कहना है कि ऐसा प्रतीत होता है कि बेन एफ्लेक ने अपने चेहरे को तरोताजा कर दिया है? अपने कौवे के पैरों के बोटॉक्स उसके मुंह के आसपास की रेखाओं को नरम करने के लिए भरता है।	Fake
Celebrity	माइली साइरस और लियाम हेम्सवर्थ एंड एंगेजमेंट	यह आधिकारिक तौर पर खत्म हो गया: माइली साइरस और लियाम हेम्सवर्थ दोनों के लिए प्रतिनिधि विशेष रूप से लोगों के लिए पुष्टि करते हैं कि सगाई दो सितारों के बीच बंद है।	Fake
Celebrity	FKA टिग्स कान फिल्म फेस्टिवल में दयनीय ith रॉबर्ट पैटिंसन लग रहे हैं | सेलेब डर्टी लॉन्ड्री	FKA टिग्स और रॉबर्ट पैटिनसन कथित तौर पर मजबूत हो रहे हैं। ट्वाइलाइट स्टार और उनके मंगेतर ने इस सप्ताह 2017 कान फिल्म समारोह में भाग लिया। दंपति उतने खुश नहीं दिखे जितने उनके होने की सूचना है। कई महीने हो गए हैं जब प्रशंसकों ने एफकेए ट्विग्स और रॉबर्ट पैटिनसन को एक साथ देखा है।	Fake
Celebrity	बंद करो अब मसाला लड़कियों को एक पुनर्मिलन की योजना बना सकता है	कुछ चीजें हैं, जिनके बारे में लोगों को मजाक नहीं करना चाहिए। सभी पांच सदस्यों के साथ एक संभावित स्पाइस गर्ल्स का पुनर्मिलन उनमें से एक है।	Legit
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन और कान्ये एस्ट का ट्रायल सेपरेशन सिक्स ईकस (EXCLUSIVE) तक चला	2016 के अंत में एक ब्रेकडाउन पीड़ित होने के बाद, कान्ये एस्ट बेहद कम प्रोफ़ाइल रख रहा है। लेकिन प्रशंसकों को यह नहीं पता था कि रैपर और उनकी पत्नी किम कार्दशियन परीक्षण से अलग हो रहे थे।	Fake
Celebrity	कान्ये एस्ट, नो 'अमेरिकन आइडल' फॉर मी	नो 'अमेरिकन आइडल' फॉर मी	Legit
Celebrity	जेनिफर लोपेज ए-रॉड एड पर? वह उससे शादी करने के लिए चींटियों	"47, जेनिफर लोपेज, एलेक्स रोड्रिगेज, 41 के लिए एक है? ई न्यूज़ के अनुसार उनके दोस्त कथित तौर पर ऐसा सोचने लगे हैं। एक सूत्र ने कहा, ""उनके सभी दोस्त बता सकते हैं कि वह वास्तव में जे। लो [लेकिन] को पसंद करते हैं। उनके ""दोस्त धीरे-धीरे सोच रहे हैं कि यह वास्तव में एक शानदार मैच हो सकता है।"" जे-लो और ए-रॉड ने निश्चित रूप से शुक्रवार, 24 मार्च को एक साथ अपने समय का आनंद लिया, जब वे होटल रेज़-बेल-एयर में पहुंचे।"	Fake
Celebrity	फर्गी कहती है कि वह और जोश डुहमल अभी भी 'महान दोस्त' हैं	"फर्गी का कहना है कि भले ही वह और पति जोश डुहमल अलग हो रहे हैं, वे अभी भी ""महान दोस्त"" हैं जो एक दूसरे और उनके युवा बेटे से प्यार करते हैं।"	Legit
Celebrity	एंजेलीना जोली, अखंड	"एंजेलिना जोली कहती हैं, ""मुझे कभी भी ऐसा होने की उम्मीद नहीं है, जिसे हर कोई समझे या पसंद करे।"" ""और यह ठीक है, क्योंकि मुझे पता है कि मैं कौन हूं, और बच्चे जानते हैं कि मैं कौन हूं।"""	Legit
Celebrity	प्रिंस हैरी मेघन मार्कल एक साथ चलते हुए	"""सूट"" स्टार के एक करीबी दोस्त ने द एनक्वायरर को बताया कि मेग ""महल को अपने जीर्णोद्धार से उलट रहा है"" - जोड़ते हुए: ""वह जानती है कि जब वह अपने स्वाद के लिए मेघन के अविश्वसनीय रूप से हेडस्ट्रॉन्ग चाहती है, तो"" ला देशी जोर दे रहा है पर्यावरण के अनुकूल नवीकरण, हवादार खुले कमरे, तटस्थ रंग, बड़े आरामदायक सोफे और कुर्सियाँ, और आधुनिक ग्लास और धातु के सामान। लेकिन आम आदमी का ""दिवा-जैसा"" रवैया कुछ महल के अंदरूनी सूत्रों को परेशान कर रहा है"	Fake
Celebrity	कवर स्टोरी: एंजेलिना जोली सोलो	वहाँ एंजेलीना जोली, जो अब एक अकेली माँ है, छह बच्चों की दिन-प्रतिदिन की अराजकता का प्रबंधन कर रही है, और ब्रैड पिट से उसके विभाजन का आघात है - और एंजेलीना जोली है जिसकी नवीनतम फिल्म, कंबोडिया के नरसंहार के बारे में मूल रूप से एक शानदार नेटफ्लिक्स है। उस राष्ट्र के लिए भी धन्यवाद जिसने उसे बदल दिया। अपनी नई एलए हवेली में, जोली ने दो एंजेलिना के बीच तनाव का खुलासा किया और इस कारण उसका जीवन कभी भी सामान्य नहीं होगा।	Legit
Celebrity	ब्लेक शेल्टन ने ट्विटर पर द बेस्ट पॉसिबल एय में अफवाहों को संबोधित किया	ब्लेक शेल्टन के पास उनके और उनकी पत्नी, मिरांडा लैम्बर्ट के बारे में सभी टैब्लॉइड चैटर के बारे में काफी कुछ था।	Legit
Celebrity	एलिसन इलियटर्स की टॉप-सीक्रेट वेडिंग का खुलासा हुआ	एलिसन इलियट की शादी शनिवार को पश्चिम के बाहर एक तारों से भरे गुप्त समारोह में हो रही है, पेज सिक्स विशेष रूप से प्रकट हो सकता है।	Fake
Celebrity	टेलर स्विफ्ट ने अपने रोमांस को बनाए रखने के लिए '' ग्रेट लेंथ '' में प्रवेश किया	हालाँकि यह खबर सामने आई है कि टेलर स्विफ्ट ब्रिटिश अभिनेता जो अल्विन को डेट कर रही हैं, उन्होंने वास्तव में इसे उतने लंबे समय तक लपेटे रखने की कोशिश की जितनी वह कर सकती थीं।	Legit
Celebrity	एना फारिस ने क्रिस प्रेट-जेनिफर लॉरेंस को धोखा देने की अफवाहों का जवाब दिया क्योंकि वे उसके जन्मदिन पर 'पैसेंजर्स' को बढ़ावा देते थे	"""मॉम"" की अभिनेत्री एना फ़ारिस नहीं चाहती थीं कि टैब्लॉयड उन्हें जाने दें, लेकिन जब पिछले साल पति क्रिस प्रैट के बारे में अफवाहें उड़ीं, तो उन्होंने ""पैसेंजर्स"" के सह-कलाकार जेनिफर लॉरेंस के साथ धोखा किया, वह असुरक्षित महसूस कर रही थीं।"	Legit
Celebrity	जेनिफर लॉरेंस उस समय को याद करती हैं जब वह क्रिश जेनर के साथ शराब पीकर नग्न हो गई थी	जेनिफर लॉरेंस ने गुरुवार देर रात शो में जिमी किमेल के लिए धमाके की फिलिंग की थी।	Legit
Celebrity	कैथी ग्रिफिन पर एंडरसन कूपर: 'मुझे आशा है कि वह वापस उछलती है'	एंडरसन कूपर ने यह स्पष्ट किया है कि वह कैथी ग्रिफिन की डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प की विवादास्पद तस्वीर से प्रसन्न नहीं हैं, लेकिन सीएनएन एंकर का कहना है कि उन्हें उम्मीद है कि उनके लंबे समय तक दोस्त हेडलाइन बनाने के बाद वापसी कर सकते हैं।	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/taylor-swift-new-song-look-what-you-made-me-do-apparent-kanye-west-diss-w499090	टेलर स्विफ्ट ने रिलीज़ किया कान्ये इस्ट डिस सॉन्ग	Legit
Celebrity	https://www.vanityfair.com/style/2017/09/jim-carrey-roasts-fashion-week	जिम कैरी ने फैशन ईक पार्टी में रोस्ट फैशन ईक पार्टीज में भाग लिया	Legit
Celebrity	केंडल काइली हो? कैटिलिन जेनर जंप-एडॉप्शन योजनाएं शुरू करती हैं	RadarOnline.com विशेष रूप से प्रकट कर सकता है कि कैटिलिन जेनर सक्रिय रूप से अपनी बेटियों केंडल और काइली के साथ उसके तनावपूर्ण संबंधों के कारण उत्पन्न शून्य को भरने के लिए एक असाध्य बोली में गोद लेने की प्रक्रिया का पता लगा रही है।	Fake
Celebrity	ब्रैड पिट एंजेलीना जोली (EXCLUSIVE) से अपने तलाक के दौरान जेन एनिस्टन के लिए वापस चल रहा है	जैसा कि एंजेलिना जोली ने अपने आसन्न तलाक के बीच ब्रैड पिट के दिल में चाकू फेरना जारी रखा है, 53 वर्षीय अभिनेता अपनी पूर्व पत्नी जेनिफर एनिस्टन को समर्थन के लिए वापस चला रहे हैं, इन टच ने विशेष रूप से सीखा है। 42 साल की एंजेलिना ने तलाक के कागजात के साथ दो साल के अपने पति को अंधा कर दिया, अभिनेत्री को द न्यूयॉर्क टाइम्स के साथ उम्मीदवारी मिली, यह सुझाव देते हुए कि उसके छह बच्चे अपने पिता के बिना बेहतर हैं।	Fake
Celebrity	सेलेना गोमेज़ ईकंड्स प्लान टू डबल डेट ith जेनिफर एनिस्टन जस्टिन थेरॉक्स	"48 साल की जेनिफर एनिस्टन को प्यार की सलाह, 24 साल की सेलेना गोमेज़ ने दी, तो निश्चित रूप से भुगतान किया गया था कि ए-लिस्ट स्टार को उसकी नई बेऔ के बारे में कैसा महसूस होता है, 26? एक अंदरूनी सूत्र HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY बताता है, ""जेले सेलेना के लिए अधिक उत्साहित नहीं हो सकता है। उसे लगता है कि अगर कोई खुश होना चाहता है और उसे सच्चा प्यार मिलता है, तो वह सेलेना है।"" कितना प्यारा"	Fake
Celebrity	किम कार्दशियन और कान्य इस्ट सीकिंग चैरिटी डोनेशन, नॉट बेबी गिफ्ट्स	कोई बच्चा यहाँ उपहार नहीं, कृपया	Legit
Celebrity	JBC को भयानक रेटिंग के बाद NBC द्वारा डंप किया गया - EXCLUSIVE	JBC भयानक रेटिंग के बाद NBC द्वारा डंप किया गया - EXCLUSIVE	Fake
Celebrity	क्या राजकुमार हैरी येल के लिए सिर है?	चूंकि प्रिंस इलियम ने सेंट एंड्रयूज को नहीं चुना क्योंकि उनके अल्मा मेटर में एक विश्वविद्यालय परिसर में इस तरह का उत्साह था, लेकिन छात्रों को राजकुमार के साथ एक डॉर्म को साझा करने की उम्मीद करने वाले छात्रों को इस बार थोड़ा आगे देखना होगा, क्योंकि अफवाहें सामने आती हैं कि प्रिंस हैरी है येल बाध्य। 31 वर्षीय शाही को सेना छोड़ने के बाद कनेक्टिकट में येल लॉ स्कूल पर विचार करने के लिए अगले कदम के रूप में माना जाता है, और छात्र काफी उत्साहित हैं	Legit
Celebrity	एंजेलीना जोली ने ब्रैड पिट को धमकी दी: जेनिफर एनिस्टन के आसपास बच्चों को मत लाओ	हालांकि, एंजेलीना जोली, 41, और 53 वर्षीय ब्रैड पिट ने 10 जनवरी, 2017 को अपने विभाजन को पूरी तरह से निजी बनाने के लिए अपने कानूनी डॉक्स बनाने का विकल्प चुना, लेकिन एंजी को कथित तौर पर अपनी विभाजन वार्ता में जोड़ने की एक नई मांग मिली। वह ब्रैड की नई टेक्सटिंग दोस्त, जेनिफर एनिस्टन, 48, अपने बच्चों के पास, इन टच के अनुसार कहीं भी नहीं चाहती है।	Fake
Celebrity	रयान सीक्रेस्ट गर्लफ्रेंड शायना टेलर एक अच्छे कारण के लिए बाहर कदम	रयान सीक्रेस्ट ने कल रात एक महान कारण के लिए अपनी प्रेमिका शायना टेलर को बाहर लाया	Legit
Celebrity	बियोंस होल्ड्स ब्लू आइवी, मेमोरियल डे बिकिनी पिक में बेबी बंप दिखाते हुए	ओह, बेबी बेयोंसे, जो गर्भवती और पति जे जेड के साथ जुड़वाँ होने की उम्मीद कर रही थी, सोमवार, 29 मई को इंस्टाग्राम पर अपनी 5 वर्षीय बेटी, ब्लू ग्रेवी की एक मनमोहक तस्वीर में अपने बेबी बम्प को दिखाने के लिए ले गई।	Legit
Celebrity	चीयर्स? स्लोपी जेसिका सिम्पसन एरिक जॉनसन बूज़ मोगल्स बनना	जेसिका सिम्पसन और एरिक जॉनसन को उनकी शराब बहुत पसंद है, वे अपने जुनून को एक नए व्यवसाय उद्यम में बदलने पर विचार कर रहे हैं, RadarOnline.com ने विशेष रूप से सीखा है।	Fake
Celebrity	हॉलीवुड फिल्म अवार्ड्स: देखें कि एंजेलिना जोली, मार्गोट रॉबी और क्या पहने थे	हॉलीवुड फिल्म अवार्ड्स लॉस एंजिल्स में कल रात हुआ, जिसमें मार्गोट रोबी (लुई विटन में चित्रित), एंजेलीना जोली और डकोटा जॉनसन ग्लैमरस मेहमानों के बीच थे।	Legit
Celebrity	कान्ये एस्ट - any नर्वस ब्रेकडाउन ’… मॉम के अंतिम संस्कार की सालगिरह पर पुश ओवर एज	मॉम के अंतिम संस्कार की सालगिरह पर किनारे से धक्का	Fake
Celebrity	माइली साइरस और लियाम हेम्सवर्थ ने 'एसएनएल' पर शादी के छल्ले पहने - और अब प्रशंसकों को यकीन है कि उन्होंने शादी कर ली है	"युगल ""सैटरडे नाइट लाइव"" स्केच में एक साथ थे। सैटरडे नाइट लाइव / यूट्यूब"	Legit
Celebrity	कर्टनी की बिकनी बॉडी की किम कार्दशियन ईर्ष्या: प्रतिस्पर्धा के लिए एक दिन में दो बार परिक्रमा करना	किम कार्दशियन अपनी बहन की चूड़ीदार बिकनी चोली पर ईर्ष्या के साथ हरी है। लेकिन कर्टनी कार्दशियन को उसकी चमक को चोरी करने देने के बजाय, ओजी सेक्स प्रतीक हमले पर जा रहा है। यहाँ स्पॉटलाइट वापस लेने के लिए उसकी EXCLUSIVE गेम योजना है	Fake
Celebrity	बराक ओबामा की चींटियों ने ढीली पार्टी में कटौती की 'तलाक की अफवाहें | follownews	एक सूत्र का दावा है कि अब वह हाईट हाउस से बाहर आ गया है और उसे प्यार करने वाले पति की बेशर्म छवि को बनाए रखने की जरूरत नहीं है, पूर्व राष्ट्रपति बराक ओबामा ने पत्नी मिशेल को लात मारी और उनकी शादी की अंगूठी को छीन लिया।	Fake
Celebrity	रेटिंग्स बैटल ओवर 'मेगी केली टुडे' और 'लाइव आईथ केली एंड रयान' में केली रिपा और मैगी केली।	एक ही टाइम स्लॉट (सप्ताह में सुबह 9 बजे) के दौरान चीजें मेगन केली टुडे और लाइव आईथ केली और रयान हवा से गर्म हो रही हैं, इसलिए यह कोई आश्चर्य की बात नहीं है कि मेजबिन केली और केली रिपा के बीच अभी एक रेटिंग लड़ाई चल रही है।	Fake
Celebrity	ब्रेकिंग से पहले उद्घाटन दिवस पर मेलानिया ट्रम्प के लिए डिजाइनिंग के रूप में कान्येस्ट	38 वर्षीय कान्ये स्था, एक सच्चे कर्मेहोलिक की परिभाषा है। अपने व्यस्त सेंट पाब्लो टूर के अलावा, जिसे अभी रद्द कर दिया गया था, 'ये पॉपकॉर्न की तरह अपने कपड़ों को पॉप बनाने के लिए प्रेरित था और पहनने के लिए 46 वर्षीय भविष्य की फर्स्ट लेडी मेलानिया ट्रम्प के लिए गुप्त रूप से कुछ डिजाइन तैयार कर रहा था।	Fake
Celebrity	टेलर स्विफ्ट ने अपने प्रतिष्ठा एल्बम कवर पर एक बोल्ड मेकप किया	टेलर स्विफ्ट आधिकारिक तौर पर लौट आई है। आज सुबह, एक सोशल मीडिया ब्लैकआउट के बाद, जब एक सांप, हड़ताली साँप की गुप्त क्लिप के साथ घनिष्ठता से, स्विफ्ट ने अपने आगामी एल्बम पर पर्दा वापस खींच लिया, प्रतिष्ठा-जो 10 नवंबर को रिलीज होने की उम्मीद है, एक बाद के फ्रेम के अनुसार और एक स्टार्क ब्लैक के साथ और सफेद सौंदर्य शॉट उसके ट्रेडमार्क सौंदर्य देखो पर एक नया ले विशेषता।	Legit
Celebrity	रोजी ओ'डॉनेल 16.5 मिलियन में अपने स्टार द्वीप हवेली को बेचती है	2013-06-17T14: 07: 39-04: 00	Legit
Celebrity	एड कार्यकर्ता का दावा है कि एंजेलीना जोली ने नकली विवरणों का उपयोग करके बेटे मैडॉक्स को गोद लिया था	कम्बोडियन सहायता कार्यकर्ता एंजेलीना जोली के 2003 के सबसे बड़े बेटे मैडॉक्स जोली-पिट को गोद लेने के बारे में असाधारण दावे कर रहा है।	Legit
Celebrity	जेनिफर एनिस्टन का दिवा सेट व्यवहार - कास्ट, लक्ज़री एसयूवी और प्राइवेट ट्रेलर मील की दूरी पर दोपहर का खाना नहीं खाना चाहिए	जेनिफर एनिस्टन एक ए-लिस्ट फिल्म स्टार हैं और राडारऑनलाइन डॉट कॉम ने विशेष रूप से सीखा है कि वह सेट पर क्या काम करती है।	Fake
Celebrity		Apakah Single Baru Drake Berarti Dia Sudah Selesai dengan Album Terbarunya?	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie Amal Alamuddin: Ini ar	Ketika George dan Amal Clooney merayakan pernikahan mereka untuk kedua kalinya pada 25 Oktober, sekali lagi ada dua tamu yang sangat mencolok hilang - Brad Pitt dan Angelina Jolie tidak terlihat di mana pun.	Fake
Celebrity	A Thing For Blondes? Brad Pitt Siap Bergerak Diatasnya Margot Robbie	"Apakah Brad Pitt kembali ke pirang? Tak lama setelah perpisahannya dengan Angelina Jolie, desas-desus berputar-putar tentang chemistry on-set Pitt dengan aktris Allied Marion Cotillard. Ditautkan dengan banyak lawan mainnya sepanjang kariernya yang panjang, termasuk mantan calon kekasihnya, tidak heran Jolie tidak tertarik untuk membuatnya bekerja dengan bom rambut pirang, Margot Robbie. Sebuah sumber eksklusif untuk laporan OK, ""Dia pikir dia gadis terpanas di Hollywood sekarang."" Menurut sumber itu, aktor berusia 41 tahun dan Presiden Plan B Films telah “mencoba membujuknya untuk berbagai proyek film. Ini adalah masalah yang menyakitkan dengan Angie yang menghalangi mereka untuk bekerja bersama beberapa kali. Sekarang dia masih lajang lagi, kamu bisa berharap Brad mengejar Margot dengan penuh gairah. ” Dan siapa yang bisa menyalahkan dia? Wanita cantik berusia 26 tahun asal Australia ini dijuluki ""Angelina Jolie baru,"" menimbulkan ketakutan di hati para istri selebritas. Dia memiliki reputasi sendiri untuk kimia di-set dengan aktor yang sudah menikah termasuk Smith yang sakit. engan adegan seks panas dan berat dan foto-foto yang muncul dari mereka tampak nyaman di luar kamera, Smith sendiri harus mengatasi rumor di twitter, ""Mengecewakan bahwa bermain-main di lokasi syuting dapat dilakukan di luar konteks."""	Fake
Celebrity	Tom Hiddleston Tertegun Taylor Swift Merujuknya Pada Album Baru: Inilah hy	Namun, ketika sebagian besar orang yang ada atau berada dalam kehidupan Taylor Swift kemungkinan besar tahu bahwa mereka akan dipanggil di albumnya, Tom Hiddleston mengira ia aman. Tapi, mantannya menyebut dia di TO track.	Fake
Celebrity	JENNIFER ANISTON PETUNJUK DI REUNION TEMAN	"Jennifer Aniston membuat penggemar Friends sangat senang. Aktris ini mengisyaratkan dia akan terbuka untuk tampil dalam reuni acara NBC yang terkenal. ""Satu-satunya hal yang bisa saya pikirkan adalah mungkin untuk bersenang-senang melakukan episode Thanksgiving,"" kata Aniston di sebuah acara bincang-bincang di Inggris. Namun, juru bicara arner Bros., studio yang memproduksi Friends, mengatakan kepada New York Post bahwa belum ada diskusi awal tentang acara reuni Friends."	Fake
Celebrity	Lindsay Lohan: Starlet Lusting After Vladimir Putin	"LiLo tiba-tiba mengarahkan matanya yang berapi-api ke ""Kremlin Krotch,"" memberi tahu teman-teman bahwa dia akan tidur dan menikahi orang kuat Soviet yang terkenal Vladimir Putin - dan kemudian secara resmi dinobatkan sebagai ""Puteri-Tang Putri Rusia"""	Fake
Celebrity	Showdown Scientology Katie Holmes Jenna Elfman Tertangkap dalam Run-In 'GMA' yang canggung	Untuk kali ini, drama di Good Morning America tidak melibatkan Robin Roberts dan musuh bebuyutan barunya, Michael Strahan.	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye est semut untuk Masuk Bisnis Kosmetik Seperti Kylie	Kanye est ingin berhadapan langsung dengan saudara iparnya yang terkenal ... terjun langsung ke bisnis kosmetik yang didominasi oleh Kylie Jenner.	Fake
Celebrity	Dancing with the Stars 2017 Cast Termasuk Charo, Bonner Bolton, Heather Morris More	"Bagaimana dengan Dancing with the Stars? Mari kita cari tahu para pemeran Dancing with the Stars 2017 diumumkan pada Good Morning America. Para kontestan Season 24 memulai debutnya di Season Premiere, yang juga menandai episode ke-400 Dancing with the Stars. Acara ini mengudara SENIN 8 | 7c di ABC. Susunan pemain musim ini termasuk Bonner Bolton, Mr. T, Olympians Simone Biles dan Nancy Kerrigan, Heather Morris dan gadis asli ""Cuchi-Cuchi"", Charo, hanya untuk menyebutkan beberapa saja. Lihat Dancing with the Stars lengkap yang ditampilkan di bawah ini setelah Anda menikmati nomor pembukaan yang luar biasa dari Premiere Season 24"	Legit
Celebrity	Kirsten Dunst menjelaskan mengapa dia menangis di karpet merah Cannes 2017	Kirsten Dunst terlihat secara misterius menangis di karpet merah di Festival Film Cannes tahun ini, dan sekarang sepertinya kita memiliki penjelasan tentang ledakan yang tiba-tiba.	Legit
Celebrity	Di dalam baby shower Beyonce	Jangan bertingkah seolah-olah Anda tidak tahu Beyonce akan mematikannya ketika datang ke baby shower-nya.	Legit
Celebrity	Pangeran - Kebenaran di Balik Overdosis Narkoba	"Seperti dilaporkan ENQUIRER, Prince telah didiagnosis dengan HIV, virus penyebab AIDS, pada 1990-an. Ketidaktahuan Yehuwa memilih untuk tidak memerangi penyakit mematikan dengan obat-obatan karena imannya, percaya bahwa ""Tuhan akan menyelamatkan saya"" Enam bulan lalu, ia diberi tahu oleh dokter bahwa ia menderita AIDS sepenuhnya dan hanya memiliki enam bulan untuk hidup, kata sumber. ""Dia tidak bisa menahan rasa sakit yang disebabkan oleh penyakit ini pada tahap terakhirnya,"" kata orang dalam kepada The ENQUIRER. ""Dan dia tidak mau hanya membuang-buang"""	Fake
Celebrity	Blake Lively di pertanda di Hollywood, Mengarahkan dan Kemungkinan Reuni 'Gossip Girl'	"Sebagai salah satu dari Variety's Power of pertanda yang dihormati, Blake Lively akan menghadiri makan siang pada hari Jumat untuk mendukung Koalisi Penyelamatan Anak. Untuk edisi minggu ini, aktris itu berbicara tentang wanita di Hollywood, menembak di New York untuk ""Gossip Girl,"" dan apa yang dia cari dalam sebuah peran."	Legit
Celebrity	Nicole Kidman Akhirnya Mengakui Botox	Sejauh yang bisa kami katakan, Botox menempati urutan teratas dalam daftar selebritis yang bersalah: Semua orang melakukannya, tetapi tidak ada yang membicarakannya. Kecuali Nicole Kidman, itu.	Legit
Celebrity	Tom Cruise canggung memutarbalikkan pertanyaan tentang putri Suri	Tom Cruise dengan sopan menanggapi pertanyaan tentang putri Suri di pemutaran perdana Mummy-nya tadi malam, tetapi tampaknya tidak cukup nyaman membicarakannya untuk menjelaskan lebih lanjut.	Legit
Celebrity	Ya, Kim Kardashian Dan Kanye est Menandatangani Perjanjian Pranikah, Tapi Tebak, Atau Lebih	Fakta bahwa Kim Kardashian dan Kanye est berencana untuk menandatangani perjanjian pranikah mungkin tidak akan mengejutkan banyak orang, tetapi klaim baru-baru ini tentang siapa yang bernilai lebih mungkin akan.	Legit
Celebrity	Caitlyn Jenner: rumor palsu di sekitarnya, ikatan keluarga yang tegang dan memoarnya yang jujur Baca di sini -	RadarOnline menerbitkan sebuah cerita tentang Caitlyn yang mengklaim bahwa bintang TV realitas transgender dan mantan pelepasan daring akan online untuk mengeksplorasi seksualitasnya dan telah menikmati sejumlah rahasia 'cyber hookups'. Definisi 'hookups' belum diklarifikasi dalam cerita. Tetapi laporan itu menyatakan bahwa Caitlyn Jenner telah menjadi roman online tanpa interaksi offline dengan klien. Tabloid itu mengutip orang dalam yang mengatakan:	Legit
Celebrity	Aktris Aquaman, Nicole Kidman dan Amber Heard, berselisih tentang set film DC?	James dan mulai syuting untuk Aquaman di Australia bulan lalu. Sementara Jason Momoa dan aktris Mera, Amber Heard, telah melakukan syuting adegan pertama mereka bersama, aktris Queen Atlanna, Nicole Kidman, mencapai beberapa hari yang lalu. Setelah pendaratannya, dilaporkan ada percikan permusuhan di set.	Fake
Celebrity	Chelsea Handler Berpikir 'Gila' Orang-Orang Berpikir Jennifer Aniston Peduli Tentang Terjadi Antara Angelina Jolie dan Brad Pitt	Tertawa adalah obat terbaik untuk mengatasi rumor di Hollywood, setidaknya untuk Chelsea Handler dan bestie Jennifer Aniston.	Legit
Celebrity	Chelsea Handler Tidak Memiliki Senang Mengatakan Tentang Ben Affleck (EKSKLUSIF)	Hoes over bros Rupanya, komedian Chelsea Handler mengambil mantra itu ke hati karena dia siap untuk merobek ke sahabatnya, mantan Jennifer Garner, Ben Affleck. 42 tahun adalah 100 persen TeamJen di Ben / Jen split - dan jujur, bisakah Anda menyalahkannya? In Touch memiliki catatan eksklusif tentang apa yang sebenarnya dimiliki Chelsea untuk bintang Argo.	Fake
Celebrity	Oscar: Mel Gibson, Casey Affleck dan Sliding Scale of Moral Hukuman Hollywood	"Kamar kecil pria dari Landmark Theatres di est LA adalah tempat yang bagus untuk mengukur sentimen sebenarnya dari pemilih Oscar. Menyusul pertunjukan Hacksaw Ridge beberapa hari Sabtu yang lalu, saya mendapati diri saya mencuci tangan di sebelah dua pria - keduanya berusia sekitar 63 tahun, rata-rata usia anggota Akademi, dengan yang mengenakan topi Kung Fu Panda 2 (sejenis topi). seorang lelaki dewasa tidak mengenakan kecuali dia bekerja di film) mendiskusikan apa yang baru saja mereka tonton. ""Tidak ingin yang itu tapi ...,"" kata pria pertama, terhenti. ""Tapi Mel bisa mengarahkan,"" teman itu selesai."	Legit
Celebrity	Vanessa Lachey memecah kesunyian di tengah rumor perseteruan 'D TS'	Duo menari ini sedang berusaha menemukan ritme mereka.	Legit
Celebrity	220M edding Disaster George Clooney - Prenup Feud, Daftar Tamu Flub Planner Quit	Perkawinan George Clooney yang akan datang dengan tunangan Amal Alamuddin berubah menjadi bencana - perjanjian pranikah yang telah diperdebatkan pasangan itu, kekhawatiran tentang perseteruan daftar tamu dan perencana pernikahan mereka berhenti - dan pasangan itu bahkan mungkin tidak berhasil turun ke lorong.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian berbicara tentang penggantinya	Dia mengharapkan anak ketiganya melalui ibu pengganti.	Fake
Celebrity	Bedah Plastik Rahasia Janet Jackson	Janet Jackson lelah menyembunyikan tangan wanita layu di bawah lengan panjang dan sarung tangan - jadi sekarang dia memberi mereka makeover	Fake
Celebrity	Ayah baru Ryan Gosling mengisap rokok ketika dia memfilmkan film baru The Nice Guys	Ryan Gosling di lokasi syuting film barunya 'The Nice Guys' di Atlanta kemarin [AKM-GSI]	Legit
Celebrity	Kecanduan Media Sosial Kim Kardashian Membanting Karena Mengabaikan Aturan Tidak Ada Telepon Pada tayangan Serena illiams	Orang dalam mengatakan kepada kami bahwa pengasuh anak mengikuti bintang reality TV untuk memastikan dia menghormati aturan. Serena illiams dan pernikahan Alexis Ohanian adalah yang paling diingat, dan Kim Kardashian juga ada di sana. Tetapi seperti yang telah kita pelajari, perayaan Keeping Up the Kardashians mengalami kesulitan untuk menjauh dari media sosial terlalu lama.	Fake
Celebrity	Nicole Kidman Mengagumkan Bungles Melalui Komentar pada Alexander Skarsgård Kiss di Emmy	"Ah, Nicole Kidman dan Keith Urban. Dia, seorang pembuat film Australia pernah menikah dengan pria terkemuka Hollywood. Dia, penyanyi country Australia dengan hati Nashville. Bersama-sama mereka adalah pasangan kekuatan dua pesisir, dua negara, dua benua. Ayo, saksikan mereka berjalan menuruni karpet merah mana pun dan mencoba untuk tetap tidak terluka. Mereka adalah dua pabrik pesona yang membuat pilihan rambut yang khas. Anda tidak memiliki kesempatan. Itulah sebabnya ketika dia memenangkan aktris terbaik untuk peran Big Little Lies elektriknya, dan mencium suaminya di televisi, Alexander Skarsgård yang sangat tinggi, di bibir sementara suaminya yang sebenarnya melihat penuh cinta, semua orang seperti, ""topi? Hah? Di bibir?"""	Legit
Celebrity	ATCH: Exec ife Marla Maples Mendapat Emosional Tentang Kehidupan sebagai Single Mom on Dancing with the Stars	"""Saya hanya menganggap memiliki anak hadiah terbesar di dunia,"" kata mantan istri Donald Trump dalam klip preview Dancing with the Stars yang eksklusif untuk ORANG. ""Setiap saat, yang baik, yang menantang, yang menyenangkan, yang menyakitkan, semuanya sangat penting."""	Legit
Celebrity	Pembaruan 'Fifty Shades Darker': Jamie Dornan, Dakota Johnson berpisah setelah berselisih di set; Rilis film tertunda?	Fifty Shades Darker sekarang mungkin dalam masalah dengan melaporkan perselisihan antara anggota pemeran Jamie Dornan dan Dakota Johnson.	Fake
Celebrity		Kylie 'Fuming' Over 'Copycat', Peluncuran Parfum Sister Kim	Fake
Celebrity	Apakah Madonna semut Untuk Mengirim Rocco Rebellious Ke Sekolah Militer?	Alasan mengapa putra Madonna, Rocco lari ke rumah ayahnya menjadi semakin jelas. Tampaknya Madonna sedikit lebih ketat di rumah daripada yang dibayangkan, dan dia ingin mengirim putra Rocco ke sekolah militer. Rocco Ritchie, 15, tidak mau pergi, dan saat dalam tur dengan Madonna, dia lari untuk tinggal bersama ayahnya.	Fake
Celebrity	Tyga Mengungkapkan Detail Tentang Kylie Jenner Breakup	Dalam sebuah wawancara baru dengan Big Boy TV, Tyga-sebulan keluar dari perpisahannya dengan Kylie Jenner-mengungkapkan informasi baru tentang apa yang menyebabkan kematian pasangan itu.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian 'Alergi' Terhadap Perhiasan Setelah Perampokan Paris yang Traumatis	Meskipun sudah lama sejak saat itu dan kita semua berpikir bintang reality show jauh lebih baik, sepertinya perampokan Paris yang mengerikan masih banyak di pikiran Kim Kardashian.	Fake
Celebrity	Kris Jenner Prihatin dengan Generasi Kardashian di Masa Depan	Kris Jenner, ibu dari enam dan nenek ke enam lebih, adalah ibu pemimpin yang sibuk. Sejak dimulainya reality show keluarganya pada tahun 2007, sudah jelas bahwa dia telah membuat satu mata dilatih tentang sirkus TV dan lainnya tentang bagaimana sirkus itu mempengaruhi keluarganya. Selama pertemuan realitas-TV baru dengan The Hollywood Reporter, Jenner mengatakan dia khawatir tentang bagaimana keenam cucunya akan terpengaruh oleh bisnis keluarga.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber Meminta 'Taylor Swift hat Up' di Pic ith Kanye est	"Anda belum yakin apa maknanya, tetapi pada Selasa pagi (2 Agustus) Justin Bieber memunculkan lebih dari 85.000 komentar hanya dalam waktu kurang dari enam jam untuk satu jepretan foto kacamata hitam gaya John Lennon FaceTiming dengan yang lain selain Kanye est Tapi itu keterangan yang berspekulasi di internet: ""Taylor cepat apa,"" tulis Bieber."	Legit
Celebrity	'Pemeran Kedua' Dibintangi Milo Ventimiglia Jennifer Lopez Tidak Ada yang Bisa Mengontrol Emosi Mereka	Bersiaplah untuk salah satu dari pasangan film terpanas yang pernah ada ... dan itu adalah yang tidak terduga, juga TV heartthrob Milo Ventimiglia baru saja menandatangani komedi romantis Jennifer Lopez yang akan datang, Second Act, dan sepertinya kita akan melihat beberapa percikan api. terbang di antara mereka. Milo Ventimiglia akan memerankan pacar J. Lo dalam film baru itu, menurut Variety, dan berita casting membuat penggemar kedua bintang itu bergetar.	Legit
Celebrity	Kevin Hart Meminta Ife Eniko Parrish Untuk Pengampunan dengan 2.500 Hadiah Push	"Kevin Hart mengatakan pada dirinya sendiri - tidak ada yang mengatakan ""Saya minta maaf telah menipu dan mempermalukan Anda"" seperti hadiah 250.000."	Fake
Celebrity	Chris Pratt Snubs Justin Bieber Friendship	Apakah bintang-bintang yang berdoa bersama bermain bersama? Tidak jika mereka Justin Bieber dan Chris Pratt	Fake
Celebrity	Leah Remini Membuka Tentang Persahabatannya dengan Jennifer Lopez Dan Koneksi Scientology	Jennifer Lopez dan mantan Ilmuwan Leah Remini adalah teman terbaik. Mereka sudah saling kenal selama beberapa tahun dan telah melalui banyak hal. Apa pun yang terjadi, persahabatan mereka akan terus berlanjut. Tampaknya selalu Leah satu-satunya yang memiliki koneksi Gereja Scientology, tetapi bukan itu masalahnya.	Fake
Celebrity	Pangeran illiam Kate Hadiri Pesta Taman Kerajaan Pertama Musim Ini	cuaca hangat datang satu hal: pesta kebun	Legit
Celebrity	Cameron Diaz	Ringkasan	Fake
Celebrity	Kevin Hart dan ife Eniko Parrish Bagikan Foto Manis Baby Kenzo	Kevin Hart dan istrinya Eniko Parrish berbagi foto menggemaskan bayi mereka yang baru lahir, Kenzo Kash Hart, dan orang tua tidak bisa menahan diri untuk tidak menyembur	Legit
Celebrity	Perseteruan dan Pertarungan Costar Terbesar Yang Pernah Ada	Konflik Costar sampai saat ini tetap profesional ketika kamera bergulir, di belakang layar ada perkelahian, menangis dan mata-bergulir. apakah mereka dipaksa untuk bekerja bersama untuk beberapa musim acara TV yang terkenal atau beberapa bulan untuk sebuah film, bintang-bintang ini sepertinya tidak cocok.	Fake
Celebrity	Caitlyn Jenner: Robert Kardashian Diyakini OJ Simpson Bersalah atas Pembunuhan	"Memoar Caitlyn Jenner yang akan datang, The Secrets of My Life, disebut sebagai buku di mana dia ""merenungkan masa lalunya saat dia melihat ke masa depannya."" ketika dia menyentuh sejumlah topik, seperti kemenangan Olimpiade dan tiga pernikahannya yang gagal, wahyu yang menurut dugaan Robert Kardashian mengatakan kepadanya bahwa dia percaya OJ Simpson bersalah membunuh Nicole Brown Simpson dan Ronald Goldman membuat gelombang."	Legit
Celebrity	Klaim Anne Hathaway membuat tuntutan 'diva' di acara amal	ANNE Hathaway telah dituduh bertindak seperti seorang diva dan mengajukan daftar panjang permintaan sebelum acara amal kanker di Santa Monica awal bulan ini.	Fake
Celebrity	QUEEN BEY Beyonce Mendapat Taylor Swift DILARANG DARI VMA	27 Agustus 2016: Jika Anda bertanya-tanya siapa orang terpenting dalam musik - BEYONCE. Awal minggu ini diumumkan bahwa Taylor Swift TIDAK akan tampil di VMA Awards tahun ini. Menurut laporan Beyonce-lah yang membuat Taylor dilarang.	Fake
Celebrity	Harapan Kylie Jenner Adalah 'Emotional reck' hile In Hiding, Source Ungkap - 'She Feels So Alone'	Yang lebih buruk lagi adalah bahwa satu-satunya pertolongannya yang sesungguhnya, matriark Kris Jenner tidak benar-benar punya waktu untuk berurusan dengan drama putri bungsunya. Menurut laporan baru, stres karena harus menjaga kehamilannya tersembunyi telah mengambil korban pada Kylie Jenner yang berusia 20 tahun.	Fake
Celebrity	Berita Fifty Shades Darker: Jamie Dornan mengungkapkan KEBENARAN di balik Dakota Johnson 'kecanggungan'	Bintang FIFTY SHADES DARKER Jamie Dornan telah mengungkapkan seperti apa hubungannya dengan lawan mainnya Dakota Johnson - mengakui film pertama sedikit di sisi yang bergelombang.	Legit
Celebrity	hoopi Goldberg Tuan Rumah Baru Rosie O'Donnell At ar - Ketegangan Pada 'The View,' Perebutan Pengaturan Tempat Duduk	hanya beberapa minggu sampai The View tayang perdana dengan hoopi Goldberg dan Rosie O'Donnell, RadarOnline.com secara eksklusif mengetahui bahwa di lokasi syuting, kedua diva tersebut sudah berselisih mengenai siapa yang akan mendapatkan kursi moderator.	Fake
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson dan FKA Twigs Ambil Cannes di His-and-Hers Dior	Robert Pattinson dan FKA Twigs jarang mematuhi aturan gaya tradisional, dan ketika tiba saatnya bagi pasangan itu untuk pergi ke Cannes, mereka memberikan momen merah yang berani pada karpet merah. mendapatkan Dior miliknya di premier film terakhir Pattinson, Good Time, mereka menunjukkan dua sisi dari merek Prancis bertingkat, dengan Pattinson, seorang label, tampil klasik dalam setelan hitam Dior Homme tiga potong necis dan Ranting memilih untuk keberanian dalam gaun tertutup cetak kartu pos.	Legit
Celebrity	Chris Pratt dan Anna Faris Pasti Membesarkan Anak Teater	Anak laki-laki Chris Pratt dan Anna Faris yang berumur empat tahun, Jack, tumbuh di kelas yang pada dasarnya adalah teater yang mendalam. Ketika Pratt berbicara dengan Ellen DeGeneres di acara bincang-bincangnya hari Jumat, dia berkata bahwa dia dan Faris, keduanya aktor profesional, menerima pengasuhan anak, khususnya waktu bercerita, dengan sangat serius.	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie tentang 'kebangkitan' Kamboja	"Angelina Jolie telah berbicara tentang bagaimana Kamboja adalah ""kebangkitannya"", saat ia menayangkan film barunya di negara itu."	Legit
Celebrity		Hamil Kylie Jenner Adalah 'Sangat Sadar Diri' Tentang Tubuhnya Yang Berubah, kata Sumber	Fake
Celebrity	Penghargaan Emmy Siang Hari 2015: Betty hite, Ellen DeGeneres	Pecinta TV yang bersinar dan bersinar Saatnya merayakan yang terbaik di siang hari.	Legit
Celebrity	Laverne Cox dan Rob Lowe memuji Caitlyn Jenner untuk pidato ESPYS	Selebriti termasuk LAVERNE COX, ROB LO E dan RUSSELL SIMMONS telah dibawa ke media sosial untuk memberi selamat kepada CAITLYN JENNER atas pidato penerimaannya yang kuat di ESPYS pada ednesday night (15 Juli 2015).	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Mendapat Kunjungan Kejutan Dari Hillary Clinton	Hillary Clinton baru-baru ini berkunjung ke Ratu ... Bey, itu	Fake
Celebrity	"Leonardo DiCaprio Juga Menikmati Menatap ""Salvator Mundi,"" 100 Juta da Vinci"	"Orang biasanya tidak berharap menemukan Leonardo DiCaprio, Patti Smith, Alex Rodriguez, dan Jennifer Lopez di pesta yang sama (yah, dua yang terakhir, mungkin), tetapi akhir pekan ini, keempatnya termasuk di antara sekitar 4.500 peserta pratinjau lelang di Christie. Di sana, mereka berkesempatan untuk melihat ""Salvator Mundi,"" sebuah lukisan Leonardo da Vinci yang sebelumnya dianggap hilang yang disebut-sebut sebagai ""The Last da Vinci"" menjelang pelelangan malam ini."	Legit
Celebrity	Apakah asmara 'Memalukan' Tom Hiddleston dengan Taylor Swift Menghabiskan Pekerjaan?	"Romansa Yikes, Tom Hiddleston dan Taylor Swift (pertunjukan?) Benar-benar tidak memiliki efek yang diharapkan oleh tim PR mereka, dengan Tom dilaporkan kehilangan kontrak besar karena tampilan ""memalukan""."	Fake
Celebrity	Pria Baru Scarlett Johansson Telah Mengonfirmasi Mereka Sedang Berkencan	Dari editor HelloGiggles	Legit
Celebrity	Kathy Griffin memprediksi kariernya sudah berakhir, kata Trump 'bikin aku'	Komedian yang diperangi Kathy Griffin mengatakan dia tidak takut pada Donald Trump dan berencana untuk terus mengolok-oloknya tetapi menyatakan bahwa dia menyesal atas video yang menggambarkan dia memegang rupa kepala presiden yang terputus dan berdarah.	Legit
Celebrity	Pembalasan Rebounding Selena Gomez dan Orlando Bloom sedang mengaitkan diri untuk membuat Miranda Kerr dan Justin Bieber cemburu?	Akhir pekan ini bukan pertama kalinya kami melihat Selena Gomez dan Orlando Bloom bersama, jadi bisakah Anda menyalahkan kami karena berspekulasi ???	Fake
Celebrity	Kevin Hart dan Eniko Parrish menyambut bayi	Komedian itu tweeted Selasa bahwa istrinya, Eniko Parrish, telah melahirkan putra mereka.	Legit
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson Akhirnya Memiliki Film yang Sukses - Twilight Curse Over? | Celeb Dirty Laundry	"Robert Pattinson sangat gembira dengan kesuksesan film mendatangnya, ""Good Time"". Film perdana di Festival Film Cannes dan film dan aktor menerima tepuk tangan berdiri enam menit. Ada juga buzz Oscar seputar Robert, dengan beberapa berspekulasi dia bisa menerima nominasi Aktor Terbaik."	Fake
Celebrity	Jim Carrey Di Planet Lain Berpikir Penguasa Reptil Alien Bumi	Komik Jim Carrey diam-diam adalah pengikut kacang konspirasi kooky yang percaya reptil asing menjalankan dunia. Bahkan nuttier, bintang Dumb and Dumber berencana untuk go public dengan komitmennya untuk mendera pekerjaan teori aneh David Icke.	Fake
Celebrity	Panduan fesyen besar Victoria Beckham: Posh Spice untuk menulis buku memberitahu orang Brits bagaimana cara berpakaian	Posh akan merilis buku tahun depan untuk menandai 10 tahun di bisnis fashion. Spice Girl-berubah-desainer dikatakan telah bekerja sama dengan editor US Vogue Anna intour. Pasangan ini telah menjadi teman dekat dalam beberapa tahun terakhir, dengan intour dikatakan sebagai kekuatan pendorong di belakang panduan ini.	Fake
Celebrity	Mehgan James Berbicara Tentang Rumor Kencan Rob Kardashian	"Apakah Rob Kardashian menemukan minuman keras baru di alumni Bad Girls Club, Mehgan James? Outlet media mulai melaporkan minggu lalu bahwa Rob dan Mehgan berada dalam ""tahap awal"" dalam hubungan mereka, dengan orang dalam anonim mengatakan pada In Touch, ""Rob telah melihat Mehgan James selama hampir tiga bulan, dan sebagian besar orang Kardashian sangat kesal tentang hal itu. karena Mehgan dikenal tidak terkendali dan mudah berubah. Keluarga Kardashian ingin Rob menemukan wanita yang baik dan tenang. """	Legit
Celebrity	Apakah Leonardo DiCaprio kehilangan minat dalam kehidupan cinta di tengah krisis setengah baya?	Nama bintang Titanic baru-baru ini diseret oleh sebuah majalah dan mengklaim bintang berusia 43 tahun itu menjadi anti-sosial hari demi hari.	Fake
Celebrity	Kris Jenner Hanya Memecah Keheningannya Pada Kehamilan Kylie	Jika Anda belum tahu bahwa Kylie Jenner sedang hamil, baiklah, izinkan saya menjadi yang pertama memberi tahu Anda: Kylie Jenner sedang hamil	Legit
Celebrity	Sour Note Zayn Terpaksa Menjadi Duet Bencana dengan Taylor	RadarOnline.com telah mempelajari duet Zayn Malik dan Fifty Shades Darker milik Taylor Swift hanya muncul setelah ia dipaksa bekerja sama dengan superstar.	Fake
Celebrity	Brad Pitt Berjuang Untuk Senyum Di Acara Hollywood setelah Pertarungan Penahanan membuat dia sedih	Setelah pertempuran panjang di pengadilan dengan mantan istrinya Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt muncul dengan santai dan senyum aura di Malibu pada Sabtu malam.	Fake
Celebrity	"Julia Roberts dan Danny Moder Mungkin Dipimpin Untuk Cerai: ""Masalah Terus Menumpuk"""	Katakan tidak begitu	Fake
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner semut untuk membebaskan diri dari Klan Kardashian	Kendall Jenner siap untuk pindah dari keluarganya yang terkenal In Touch secara eksklusif mengetahui bahwa model berusia 18 tahun itu ingin keluar dari keluarga Kardashian untuk melanjutkan kariernya sendiri.	Fake
Celebrity	Jessica Simpson Memutar Pantatnya untuk Ulang Tahun Eric Johnson: Pic	Less is more Jessica Simpson merayakan ulang tahun suaminya yang ke-38 Eric Johnson dengan membagikan upeti bersemangat kepada Instagram pada hari Minggu, 17 September.	Legit
Celebrity	Kamp Melania menyangkal laporan 'ranjang terpisah' AS dengan cerdik	Melania Trump telah mengeluarkan perintah eksekutifnya sendiri: Dia menolak berbagi tempat tidur dengan Donald Trump.	Legit
Celebrity	Mariah Carey dalam pembicaraan untuk The X Factor - laporan	Mariah Carey sedang dalam pembicaraan untuk bergabung dengan panel juri The X Factor.	Legit
Celebrity	Anak-anak Chris Hemsworth, Charlize Theron's Played Together di 'Huntsman' Set	Tanggal bermain yang cukup luar biasa, Chris Hemsworth dan Charlize Theron mengungkapkan bahwa mereka berdua membawa anak-anak mereka untuk bekerja ketika mereka sedang syuting film The Huntsman: inter's ar, dan itu benar-benar mengubah dinamika set.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston: Saya Bukan 'Sedih, Tanpa Anak Manusia'	Jennifer Aniston tidak ragu bahwa suami Justin Theroux adalah orang yang cocok untuknya.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston ingin mendirikan pusat kesehatan	Jennifer Aniston ingin membuka pusat kesehatan di masa depan. Ruang akan perawatan rumah, serta kafe yang sehat.	Legit
Celebrity	Brad Pitt Teks Jennifer Aniston Nonstop: Mencari Dukungan Emosional Intens Setelah Angelina Jolie Cerai | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Brad Pitt dan Jennifer Aniston dilaporkan telah menghubungi kembali melalui SMS, meskipun sumber dari kedua belah pihak saling menjelaskan bahwa itu hanya 'mengirim pesan teks' dan bukan sesuatu yang lebih serius.	Fake
Celebrity	Apa yang sebenarnya dimakan dalam sehari agar tetap bugar	Di Billboard Music Awards, Cher naik ke panggung untuk menampilkan dua hit terbesarnya, dan kami kagum dengan betapa luar biasanya penerima Billboard Icon Award terlihat pada usia 71.	Legit
Celebrity	Kate Middleton Pangeran illiam Cobalah Untuk Menyelamatkan Pernikahan Yang Runtuh?	Jika benar, desas-desus mengatakan bahwa itu mungkin nenek Pangeran illiam Queen Elizabeth. Telah dilaporkan sebelumnya bahwa dia tidak menyukai cara umum Kate.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift Menangis Selama Pertunjukan AMA Selena Gomez yang Memilukan, Mendapat Beberapa Mata Serius yang Serius	"Taylor Swift sangat terharu oleh penampilan debut Selena Gomez dari ""The Heart ants hat It ants"" di American Music Awards 2014."	Legit
Celebrity	Pangeran illiam dan Kate Middleton Pindah Dari Istana Kensington? | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Pangeran illiam dan Kate Middleton sudah berpikir untuk pindah dari Istana Kensington. Itu karena illiam tidak ingin anak-anaknya Pangeran George dan Putri Charlotte tumbuh di balik tembok istana. Alih-alih, dia ingin mereka hidup dari sorotan dan sejauh mungkin dari paparazzi.	Fake
Celebrity	"Brad Pitt Adalah ""Masih dalam Kontak"" dengan Ex Jennifer Aniston Mengikuti Angelina Jolie Cerai (LAPORAN)"	Bicara tentang ongkos bersahabat	Fake
Celebrity	Apa langkah selanjutnya dari Kanye est?	Ada sesuatu yang hilang. Apakah kamu merasakannya? Sentuhan kecil di alam semesta, cepat dan halus, tetapi tanda yang pasti bahwa sesuatu di dunia baru saja bergeser. Ah, ini dia — Kanye est baru saja menghapus akun Twitter dan Instagram-nya.	Legit
Celebrity	Inilah Cara Kim Kardashian est, Kanye est, dan North est Do eekend Style di Mall	Di antara perjalanan ke Paris Fashion eek dan markas besar Ikea di Swedia, para ester mengalami minggu yang sibuk. Tetapi seperti kebanyakan keluarga, mereka lebih suka melakukan akhir pekan lebih dekat ke rumah, dan berkunjung ke mal lokal mereka di Los Angeles kemarin, mampir di toko Build-A-Bear dalam mengoordinasikan pakaian.	Legit
Celebrity	Miranda Lambert ritus Loving Post untuk Peringatan 2 Tahun dengan Boyfriend Anderson East	Miranda Lambert menandai ulang tahun keduanya dengan Anderson East Tuesday dengan berbagi foto manis di Instagram tentang dirinya sendiri dan kekasih musikalnya berbagi ciuman.	Legit
Celebrity	MA MUDA MENGATAKAN NICKI MINAJ ADALAH 'HANYA HARUS MENCINTAIMU, MEMBERI PROPS': ATCH	Mendapatkan pujian tinggi dari Nicki Minaj adalah impian siapa pun, dan artis Pertama Fuse Young MA adalah yang beruntung ketika Minaj dipanggil ke acara radio Breakfast Club untuk berbicara tentang pendatang baru pada bulan Oktober.	Legit
Celebrity	Ini Adalah Topi Justin Bieber Alih-alih Pergi ke Grammy	Meskipun mendapatkan empat nominasi untuk albumnya Purpose, Justin Bieber tidak punya rencana untuk menghadiri penghargaan Grammy tahun ini. Namun, alih-alih duduk di rumah sendirian, ia memutuskan untuk keluar untuk sushi, dan mengajak penggemar untuk ikut dalam kisah Instagram-nya. (Penonton lain menangkap beberapa foto dirinya berjalan ke restoran juga untuk melihat 360 derajat penuh bagaimana rasanya makan malam bersama Justin.)	Legit
Celebrity	topi Jennifer Lopez Baru Diungkapkan kepada Ellen Tentang Drake Berkencan dengan Pria yang Lebih Muda	"Jennifer Lopez mampir di ""Ellen DeGeneres Show,"" di mana Ellen menempatkannya di kursi panas untuk bertanya tentang hubungannya dengan Drake dan desas-desus bahwa dia suka berkencan dengan pria yang lebih muda."	Legit
Celebrity	Gwen Stefani kembali ke 'The Voice,' tetapi bagaimana dengan Miley Cyrus?	"Gwen Stefani siap untuk kembali ke kursi panas dengan ""The Voice,"" tetapi kursi siapa yang dia raih?"	Legit
Celebrity	Banyak Rumor: Justin Bieber Membatalkan Tur Tujuannya untuk Memulai Gerejanya Sendiri	"Justin Bieber mengejutkan komunitas Belieber di seluruh dunia kemarin ketika dia tiba-tiba membatalkan sisa tur Purpose-nya. Bieber memiliki 14 pertunjukan tersisa, termasuk beberapa di AS dan Asia. Seorang fotografer menangkap Biebs kemarin di LA, dan dia menjelaskan dia hanya perlu istirahat setelah 16 bulan tur. ""Ya, semuanya baik-baik saja, ya,"" katanya kepada pria di depan kamera. ""Aku sudah melakukan tur selama dua tahun. Ya [lama sekali,] ya. Ya, [aku menantikan] untuk beristirahat, mendapatkan relaksasi, aku akan naik beberapa sepeda."""	Legit
Celebrity	'Aku terlalu banyak minum minuman keras': Brad Pitt berbicara tentang perpisahan dari Angelina Jolie	"Brad Pitt mengungkapkan dia ""terlalu banyak minum alkohol"" dan menceritakan bagaimana dia tidur di lantai seorang teman selama enam minggu setelah berpisah dari Angelina Jolie karena ""terlalu sedih"" untuk pulang."	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Berusaha Mencuri Uang Kanye est Melalui Skema Prenup yang rumit?	Apakah Kim Kardashian mencoba mencuri uang Kanye est bersama dengan ketenarannya? Menurut laporan baru dari Star, Kim memperlakukan perjanjian pranikahnya dengan Kanye seperti transaksi bisnis, yang mungkin merupakan keputusan cerdas. Mari kita bersikap realistis - berapa lama pernikahan ini akan bertahan? Dua tahun? Lima tahun? Dia sudah melalui rodeo ini sekali, dan dia tahu bahwa pada akhirnya, dia akan mendapatkan uang Kanye jika dia memainkan kartunya dengan benar. Satu-satunya pertanyaan adalah - berapa banyak?	Fake
Celebrity	Apakah Angelina Jolie memalsukan adopsi Maddox Jolie Pitt? Di Dalam Klaim Mengejutkan	Angelina Jolie terkenal karena mengadopsi anak-anak dari seluruh dunia, tetapi apakah dia mendapatkan putra pertamanya, Maddox, menggunakan dokumen palsu? Ayah asli Maddox, Kamboja, mengajukan klaim mengejutkan bahwa Jolie tidak memiliki kuasa hukum atas pria berusia 15 tahun itu.	Fake
Celebrity	Katie Holmes dan Jamie Foxx Tampaknya Menurunkan Stealth Act mereka	"Selama lebih dari empat tahun, desas-desus telah mengepung Katie Holmes, Jamie Foxx, dan kisah asmara mereka di bawah radar. Untuk sepasang orang yang sangat terkenal, mereka telah berhasil menghindari kamera selama berabad-abad, meskipun pada tahun lalu mereka tampaknya kurang berusaha bersembunyi, bahkan terlihat pada Mei naik pesawat pribadi di Paris, tempat Foxx syuting Robin Hood. Pada saat yang sama, tabloid mengklaim bahwa keduanya ""siap untuk go public."""	Legit
Celebrity	Tuan Rumah Larut Malam Bereaksi terhadap OJ Simpson Parole News	OJ Simpson diberikan pembebasan bersyarat Kamis, setelah menjalani hampir sembilan tahun penjara karena perampokan bersenjata dan penyerangan dengan senjata, dan TV larut malam banyak bicara tentang hal itu.	Legit
Celebrity	Miley And Liam Fighting? Rumor Palsu Berputar-putar bahwa Mereka Berada Dalam Perselisihan Atas Perjanjian Pranikah Seharusnya	Apakah Miley Cyrus dan Liam Hemsworth berkelahi? Sebuah laporan baru mengklaim bahwa Cyrus dan Hemsworth bertengkar hebat atas perjanjian pranikah mereka saat mereka sedang membuat rencana pernikahan mereka.	Legit
Celebrity	Lady Gaga Mengumumkan Dokumenter Netflix, Talks Madonna Feud	"Lady Gaga siap dibuka. Penyanyi ""Joanne"" memiliki film dokumenter yang berjudul Gaga: Five Foot Two perdana di Netflix pada 22 September."	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian gagal memberi selamat kepada Beyonce atas berita kehamilan kembar sementara BFF Chrissy Teigen tampaknya mengejek pengumuman superstar	Bintang reality tidak bergabung dengan daftar bintang yang men-tweet kegembiraan mereka tentang kabar baik Bey	Legit
Celebrity	Apakah Beyonce melahirkan bayi kembarnya? Klaim Laporan Baru Dia Hanya Melakukan	Apakah Beyonce baru saja memiliki anak kembarnya? Rumor telah beredar bahwa Ratu Bey melahirkan seorang anak laki-laki yang berharga dan gadis yang manis pada hari Sabtu, 20 Mei, menurut sebuah laporan baru yang menarik	Fake
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie Dibuka Hingga ORANG Tentang Tahun 'Sulitnya': 'Aku Sedikit Lebih Kuat'	Banyak yang telah berubah selama setahun terakhir dalam kehidupan Angelina Jolie, tetapi satu hal tetap konstan - dedikasinya kepada anak-anaknya.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian: Nude Cookbook on the ay ??	Tidak semua orang adalah penggemar Kim Kardashian dan / atau buku-buku yang dia pura-pura tulis.	Fake
Celebrity	Keith Urban Jealous: Nicole Kidman Mengaku Dia Meminta HBO Untuk Melemparkan Alexander Skarsgard Sebagai Minat Cintanya | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Nicole Kidman menjelaskan bahwa dia sangat ingin agar Alexander Skarsgard dicasting sebagai suaminya di 'Big Little Lies.' Nicole membintangi serial drama HBO baru bersama dengan Reese itherspoon, Shailene oodley dan Laura Dern. Acara ini menceritakan tentang tiga ibu yang mencoba untuk melanjutkan setelah tragedi yang hampir menghancurkan hidup mereka.	Fake
Celebrity	Apakah Kendall, Kylie Jenner dan Gigi, Bella Hadid menuju permusuhan yang buruk?	Itu seperti kasus perang saudara kandung. Dua dari duo saudara kandung paling populer - Kendall, Kylie dan Bella, Gigi - dilaporkan berada di ambang permusuhan yang tidak menyenangkan.	Fake
Celebrity	'Reputasi' Taylor Swift: Semua gosip tentang Joe Alwyn, Kanye est dan Tom Hiddleston	Dalam kata pengantar dua majalah bertema Reputasinya, yang menampilkan foto, puisi, dan lirik tulisan tangan untuk merayakan perilisan album keenamnya, Swift menyesalkan kisah-kisah berita yang tak terhindarkan yang menebak target liriknya.	Legit
Celebrity	Katie Holmes dan Jamie Foxx Keluar Sebagai Barang, Setelah 'Tom Cruise Ban' Berakhir	Sekarang ada sesuatu untuk benar-benar melompat-lompat di sofa.	Fake
Celebrity	Kate Middleton Putus asa Untuk Menyelamatkan Pangeran illiam Pernikahan: Tidak Bisa Melepaskan Gaya Hidup Kerajaan yang Dimanjakan | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Kate Middleton mungkin marah dengan suaminya, Pangeran illiam karena mempermalukan keluarga mereka dengan tarian dan minumannya yang aneh selama perjalanan ski, dan semua rumor curang, tetapi itu tidak berarti dia akan menceraikannya dalam waktu dekat. Bahkan, Duke dan Duchess of Cambridge mencoba meyakinkan semua orang bahwa mereka masih cinta selama perjalanan mereka ke Paris akhir pekan ini.	Fake
Celebrity	"ROSIE O FLEES TETANGGA ""RUMAH IVES"" GILA"	"Jalankan ROSIE RUN - segera kembali ke HY ""The View""?"	Fake
Celebrity	Julia Roberts Meringkuk Hingga Danny Moder Menjelang Anniversary ke-15 edding mereka	Julia Roberts dan suaminya Danny Moder terlihat sedang jalan-jalan santai di Malibu, CA, pada Sabtu sore. Pasangan itu, yang akan menikah selama 15 tahun pada bulan Juli, memasang layar penuh kasih ketika mereka saling berpelukan dan Julia tampak membisikkan sesuatu di telinga Danny. sementara kita belum pernah melihat pasangan itu keluar dan bersama-sama sejak November, Julia membuat sejarah pada bulan April ketika dia dinobatkan sebagai oman Wanita Paling Indah untuk kelima kalinya. Juga terungkap awal pekan ini bahwa Julia akan kembali ke layar lebar dalam adaptasi Crystal City Entertainment dari The Bookseller. Julia tidak hanya akan membintangi film ini, tetapi ia juga memproduksi proyek bersama Lisa Gillan, Marisa Yeres Gill, Jonathan Rubenstein, dan Ari Pinchot.	Legit
Celebrity	Digital Diva Di dalam Secret Cyber Hooks Caitlyn Jenner	RadarOnline.com secara eksklusif mengetahui bahwa Caitlyn Jenner sedang mengeksplorasi seksualitasnya secara online dan telah menikmati serangkaian “hookups” cyber rahasia.	Fake
Celebrity	Michelle Obama terbuka untuk operasi plastik, suntikan Botox	Saat ibu negara Michelle Obama bersiap untuk menginjak usia 50 tahun pada hari Jumat, dia tidak mengesampingkan melakukan pekerjaan di wajahnya di masa depan.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Melayani Banyak Senyum saat Edding Serena iliams kepada Alexis Ohanian	"hen dia melihat dua orang ""Gila Cinta,"" Beyoncé tidak bisa menahan senyum."	Legit
Celebrity	Malia Obama Telah Barack dan Michelle bersuara - Bisakah Dia Menangani Hidup Sendiri di Kota New York?	Malia Obama, 18, sedang menyesuaikan diri dengan kehidupan barunya di luar hite House dan perubahannya tidak mudah ditangani oleh orang tuanya yang terkenal - mantan Presiden Barack Obama dan Ibu Negara Michelle Obama.	Fake
Celebrity	Terlalu Banyak Bintang untuk Dihitung Dukungan Berdiri Untuk Kanker	Banyak bintang melangkah keluar untuk acara Hollywood Stand to Cancer di LA pada Selasa malam. Penggalangan dana, yang diselenggarakan oleh Reese itherspoon dan suaminya, Jim Toth, membawa pasangan-pasangan imut seperti Diane Kruger dan Joshua Jackson dan Jessica Alba dan Cash arren, serta Selena Gomez, Drew Barrymore, dan Gwyneth Paltrow. Gwyneth sendiri telah menjadi pendukung lama program Stand Up to Cancer sejak ayahnya, Bruce Paltrow, meninggal karena kanker paru-paru pada tahun 2002.	Legit
Celebrity	Inilah Cara Brad Pitt Merasa Tentang Donald Trump sebagai Presiden	Sebagai pria selatan yang lahir di Oklahoma dan dibesarkan di Missouri, Brad Pitt bermula dari tempat di mana orang biasanya mendukung Donald Trump dan menjalankannya dalam Pemilihan Presiden 2016.	Legit
Celebrity	Tyga Untuk Mengungkap Kebenaran Jelek Tentang Kylie Jenner Dan Kardashians Dalam Buku Tell-All Baru, Insiders Say	"Tyga dan Kylie Jenner telah berhasil sampai di Splitsville, menurut E News, dan sepertinya segalanya akan menjadi sangat jelek dalam waktu dekat. Meskipun hubungan ini dilaporkan berakhir, tidak terlihat bahwa keduanya telah berakhir dengan persyaratan yang bersahabat, dan hal-hal baru mulai memanas. Menurut Perez Hilton, Tyga dilaporkan berencana untuk merilis buku yang menceritakan semua perpisahannya dengan Kylie. Orang dalam yang dekat dengan rapper ""Make It Nasty"" telah menjatuhkan beberapa detail tentang buku mendatang yang dikabarkan."	Fake
Celebrity	Perkemahan Taylor Swift menyangkal bahwa penyanyi itu meluncurkan layanan streaming sendiri	Seorang sumber yang dekat dengan Taylor Swift dilaporkan membantah bahwa penyanyi itu akan meluncurkan layanan streaming sendiri.	Legit
Celebrity	Heidi Klum dan Seal mengadakan Reuni Persahabatan di Billboard Music Awards 2016	Heidi Klum dan Seal adalah lambang ongkos persahabatan di Billboard Music Awar 2016 malam Minggu.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber mengolok-olok dirinya sendiri setelah melangkah keluar dengan tanda basah	Kecelakaan terjadi, tetapi bintang ini tidak menyesal.	Fake
Celebrity	Jane Fonda benar-benar tidak ingin berbicara tentang operasi plastik dengan Megyn Kelly	"Fonda muncul bersama Robert Redford di ""Megyn Kelly Today"" pada edesnday untuk mempromosikan film baru mereka, ""Our Souls at Night."" Tetapi wawancara itu berlangsung beberapa menit ketika Kelly mengalihkan pembicaraan dengan kedua legenda itu ke topik penuaan."	Legit
Celebrity	Halle Berry memicu rumor kehamilan setelah menampilkan benjolan bayi di karpet merah	Halle Berry, 50, telah memicu desas-desus bahwa ia mengharapkan anak ketiganya setelah memulai debutnya yang kelihatan seperti 'gundukan bayi' di karpet merah di Chrysalis Butterfly Ball ke-16 Tahunan di Los Angeles.	Fake
Celebrity	"Miley Cyrus Bercermin pada Putusnya Hubungannya dengan Liam Hemsworth: ""Saya di Jalur yang Benar"""	"Miley Cyrus baru-baru ini menjatuhkan single barunya, ""Malibu,"" yang jelas terinspirasi oleh hubungannya yang dihidupkan kembali dengan Liam Hemsworth, dan selama wawancara dengan Hits 1 SiriusXM di Hollywood awal minggu ini, penyanyi berusia 24 tahun itu semakin membuka tentang dirinya 2013 berpisah dari Liam. ""Saya pikir - tahu - bahwa segala sesuatu terjadi karena alasan yang tepat, dan saya tahu bahwa ketika kami tidak bersama untuk pertama kalinya,"" kata Miley tentang saran yang akan diberikannya kepada dirinya yang lebih muda. ""Aku tidak tahu apakah itu akhirnya, atau apakah kita akan kembali bersama lagi, tetapi tahu bahwa ke mana pun aku pergi, aku berada di jalan yang benar."""	Legit
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus dan Liam Hemsworth Mungkin Sudah Menikah Dengan Rahasia April lalu	"Pada bulan September, Miley Cyrus mengatakan kepada The Sun pada hari Minggu bahwa dia dan tunangannya Liam Hemsworth tidak memiliki rencana pernikahan dalam waktu dekat. ""Aku tidak membayangkan pernikahan,"" katanya kepada The Sun pada hari Minggu. ""Aku 24. Aku berharap bisa hidup sedikit lagi. Aku punya terlalu banyak kehidupan untuk dilakukan [sebelum aku menikah]."" (Ibunya Tish Cyrus mengatakan hal yang sama ketika ditanya tentang kawin lari Miley-Liam pada bulan Juni juga.)"	Fake
Celebrity	Arah baru One Direction: apa yang dikatakan proyek solo kami?	Pagi ini, One Direction's Liam Payne menjatuhkan Stripped Down, single debutnya, yang dapat digambarkan sebagai sesuatu yang pasti ada.	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner Dilarang Dari NBA Karena 'Kutukan Kardashian'	Kendall Jenner berharap untuk menyaksikan pemain barunya bermain di lapangan musim ini, tetapi bos NBA bermain keras dengan model Leggy yang berusia 21 tahun	Fake
Celebrity	Josh Duhamel lebih dari Fergie 'menjadi bintang rock lagi'	"Josh Duhamel sudah bosan dengan ""bintang"" istrinya bintang pop Fergie sebelum perpisahan mereka, kami diberitahu."	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston Tertipu Pada Brad Pitt dengan Matt LeBlanc Sudah Menikah? - Laporkan	Brad Pitt, 51, mungkin bukan satu-satunya dengan mata yang berkeliaran selama pernikahannya dengan Jennifer Aniston, 46. Wawancara baru yang eksplosif dengan ayah Matt LeBlanc, Paul LeBlanc, mengungkapkan bahwa aktris itu benar-benar berselingkuh dengan suaminya saat itu bersamanya. Teman-teman bintang-jauh sebelum Brad bertemu Angelina Jolie, 40, di lokasi syuting Tuan dan Nyonya Smith	Fake
Celebrity	Rahasia untuk Penampilan Awet Muda Ellen DeGeneres	"Penata rias, Pati Dubroff telah bekerja dengan Ellen DeGeneres dalam kampanye iklan dan penyebaran fesyen yang berlimpah, jadi dia tahu persis apa yang akan terlihat paling baik di pembawa acara bincang-bincang itu untuk pemotretan sampul Shape's May yang alami dan dikecilkan hanya dengan sedikit warna. Dia menggunakan spons irisan basah untuk menyempurnakan kulit model sampul kami hanya dengan sentuhan CoverGirl Simply Ageless Concealer dan Corrector. ""Kulit Ellen sudah memiliki kilau alami, jadi dia tidak perlu banyak riasan,"" kata Pati. Tidak semua dari kita diberkati dengan kulit muda seperti itu, tetapi Anda bisa mendapatkan kulit yang luar biasa seperti Ellen dengan tips anti-penuaan dari makeup pro:"	Legit
Celebrity	Anna Faris Merasa Tidak Aman Karena Perselingkuhan Suaminya dengan Jennifer Lawrence Apakah Chris Pratt To Blame? - Rumor langsung	Jennifer Lawrence, yang merupakan jantung dari jutaan anak laki-laki, baru-baru ini membuat semua penggemarnya terkejut. ell itu bukan di film, tapi dari berita; lebih tepatnya kita mengatakan rumor berselingkuh dengan Chris Pratt. Sebagian besar dari kita membeku karena dugaan sorotan dalam tabloid, tetapi kemudian keduanya ditolak. Sebagai pilihan Jennifer, dia telah memilih untuk melajang untuk saat ini; sementara Chris sudah terikat dengan Anna Faris. Faris merasa tidak aman karena berita palsu ini memicu tabloid tentang cinta antara suaminya Chris dan Jennifer. ell, benarkah atau tidak, kita akan membahasnya di artikel ini	Fake
Celebrity	Drake Mengundang Taylor Swift Untuk Menginap Di Rumahnya Setelah Diduga Menguntit Insiden	"""Taylor [Swift] sedang diuntit dan ketakutan tentang hal itu tidak cocok dengan Drake. Dia benar-benar terpukul bahwa dia memiliki orang gila yang mengganggu ruang pribadinya, dan dia mengatakan kepadanya bahwa dia secara pribadi akan mengirim beberapa putranya untuk menjaga awasi dia dan jadilah pengawalnya Dia pasti menghiburnya. Dia mengatakan semuanya akan baik-baik saja dan ingin memastikan bahwa dia merasa aman dan aman saat dia keluar di depan umum."	Fake
Celebrity	Sudah Berakhir Hot Fling Cools Jennifer Lawrence Darren Aronofsky SUDAH	Jennifer Lawrence dan Darren Aronofsky sudah tenang dan mengambil istirahat dari romansa intens mereka, RadarOnline.com dapat secara eksklusif mengungkapkan.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian menampilkan rambut rontok yang mengejutkan setelah 'mengandalkan tenun'	Dia meninggalkan penggemar dengan iri karena penurunan berat badan yang luar biasa pasca-kehamilan.	Fake
Celebrity	Pangeran Harry Pindah ke AS untuk menemukan ife	Pangeran Harry bergerak melintasi kolam - dan memiliki rencana besar untuk menemukan seorang istri di AS	Fake
Celebrity		Kanye est Marah Taylor Swift Merujuk Perampokan Dalam Video Musik Kim Kardashian	Fake
Celebrity	rad Pitt menghadiri konser amal dengan Sting dalam penampilan publik yang langka setelah berpisah dari Angelina Jolie	Brad Pitt muncul kembali dalam sorotan pada hari Sabtu setelah menjaga profil rendah selama berbulan-bulan setelah perpisahannya dari Angelina Jolie.	Legit
Celebrity	Sisi Cerita Brad Pitt: Dia 'Tidak Memukul' Maddox saat Pesawat Berkelahi dengan Angelina Jolie 'Keluar dari Tangan,' kata Sumber	Brad Pitt tidak menyerang putranya Maddox selama pertengkaran di tengah udara panas dengan Angelina Jolie pekan lalu, menurut sumber yang memiliki pengetahuan tentang situasi tersebut.	Legit
Celebrity	Taylor Swift Menghabiskan Jutaan Dolar untuk Boyfriend Baru, Joe Alwyn: Berita Palsu atau Benar? | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Bintang pop Taylor Swift membeli pacar baru Joe Alwyn dengan menghamburkan jutaan dolar untuk kekasihnya, menurut beberapa laporan. Taylor selalu menjadi penghasil uang yang lebih besar dalam semua hubungannya. Meskipun pacar masa lalu seperti Jake Gyllenhaal, John Mayer, Tom Hiddleston, dan Calvin Harris adalah miliarder, rekening bank mereka masih pucat dibandingkan dengan Taylor yang memperkirakan sekitar 300 juta kekayaan bersih.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lawrence 'menelanjangi dan menuntut Kanye est menata dirinya' setelah minum lima martini di rumah Kris Jenner	Jennifer Lawrence akhirnya telanjang di lemari pakaian Kris Jenner setelah menelan lima martini.	Fake
Celebrity	Maaf ASAP Rocky, Kendall Jenner Punya Rencana Putus asa Untuk Kembali Harry Styles	Kendall Jenner berkencan dengan rapper ASAP Rocky, tetapi menurut sebuah sumber, dia telah menyusun rencana untuk memenangkan kembali mantannya, Harry Styles Yang harus dia lakukan adalah apa yang dia lakukan yang terbaik - mengirim telanjang	Fake
Celebrity	Kirsten Dunst tiba-tiba menangis di Festival Film Cannes	Dia mendapatkan pengakuan global untuk perannya dalam Wawancara dengan The Vampire pada usia 12 tahun, jadi dia tidak asing dengan perhatian di karpet merah.	Fake
Celebrity	Glenn Close menyangkal bahwa dia mengaitkan Meryl Streep untuk memerankan Hillary Clinton	Lupakan apa yang Anda dengar: Glenn Close belum memilih Meryl Streep untuk memerankan Hillary Clinton dalam film mendatang tentang kehidupan mantan Sekretaris Negara dan kehidupan calon presiden.	Legit
Celebrity	AMAL CLOONEY ADALAH OMAN PALING INFLUENTIAL DI LONDON	Anda akan dimaafkan karena berpikir wanita paling kuat di London mungkin adalah Duchess of Cambridge, atau bahkan supermodel Kate Moss. Bahkan, pengantin baru George Clooney-lah yang menempati posisi teratas.	Legit
Celebrity	Skenario Impian? Semut Khloe Akan Mengadopsi Putri Rob	Khloe Kardashian telah membentuk ikatan yang kuat dengan keponakannya, Mimpi, dia telah mengatakan kepada saudaranya Rob bahwa dia ingin mengadopsi dia, RadarOnline.com telah belajar secara eksklusif.	Fake
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner: Dia Dia Berhenti 'KU TK' Tapi Tetap Bangga Dengan Pertunjukan Spin-off Kylie	Kendall Jenner terus menjauhkan diri dari platform reality show yang menjadikan keluarganya nama keluarga, dengan sumber-sumber yang menekankan bahwa model itu ingin memiliki karier yang sah.	Fake
Celebrity	Dokter Bedah Plastik Kylie Jenner Memiliki Pesan Tentang Pengisi Bibirnya	Ketika internet mencari petunjuk tentang kemungkinan kehamilan Kylie Jenner (bersama dengan kehamilan Khloé Kardashian dan kehamilan terkonfirmasi Kim Kardashian), setidaknya satu orang bertanya-tanya, bagaimana dengan pengisi bibir terkenal dari bintang kenyataan itu?	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner menangisi reaksi iklan Pepsi dalam pemutaran perdana 'Keeping Up ith the Kardashians'	Ingat iklan Pepsi Kendall Jenner yang tuli-nada kembali pada bulan April? Yang membuat orang marah, karena mengambil gambar dari Black Lives Matter memprotes untuk menjual soda?	Legit
Celebrity	Awal sebagai Spotted Holding Hands dengan Ex Justin Bieber	Jika Anda adalah pembaca setia AS yang keranjingan, mungkin hanya ada sekitar selusin orang lajang di Hollywood, karena mereka semua berkencan. Ini seperti pemisahan enam derajat dengan Kevin Bacon, hanya untuk influencer yang memiliki kecenderungan untuk minum teh dan pelatih pinggang, di mana Scott Disick adalah faktor penghubungnya.	Fake
Celebrity	Victoria Beckham dan Anna berkenalan di antara mereka yang disebutkan dalam daftar Honours Tahun Baru	Petenis nomor satu dunia tenis Andy Murray telah dianugerahi gelar ksatria dalam Daftar Kehormatan Tahun Baru Ratu - membuatnya menjadi Sir termuda Inggris di zaman modern - bersama atlet Mo Farah dan pembalap dressage Lee Pearson. Heptathlete Jessica Ennis-Hill dan pendayung Katherine Grainger dinamai dames.	Legit
Celebrity	Ini Adalah Taylor Swift Yang Melewatkan MTV Video Music Awards 2016	Ada ruang kosong di bagan tempat duduk VMA tahun ini, sayang. Taylor Swift tidak akan menghadiri MTV Video Music Awards pada hari Minggu, 28 Agustus, beberapa sumber mengkonfirmasi kepada Kami dengan tenang.	Legit
Celebrity	Obama Berkata Meninggalkan Malia di Perguruan Tinggi sebagai 'Suka Bedah Jantung Terbuka'	Setelah Malia Obama pergi ke Universitas Harvard bulan lalu, ayahnya tidak bisa menahan air mata.	Legit
Celebrity	'Jealous' Kim Berusaha Mencuri Baby Spotlight Beyonce	Sementara Bey Hive berbincang kemarin tentang berita bayi Beyonce yang mengejutkan, RadarOnline.com mengetahui bahwa Kim Kardashian sibuk dengan rencananya sendiri untuk mencuri kembali sorotan.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez dan Alex Rodriguez sedang berkencan, dan rumornya mulai panas	Jennifer Lopez dan pahlawan bisbol pensiunan baru-baru ini Alex Rodriguez berkencan, menurut laporan yang telah menggelegak sepanjang minggu.	Legit
Celebrity		Inside Ben Affleck dan Liburan Keluarga Jennifer Garner di Bahama, Dua Bulan Setelah Mengarsipkan Perceraian	Legit
Celebrity	Kathy Griffin merasa 'dikhianati' oleh Anderson Cooper setelah CNN menembak	Sementara Kathy Griffin melanjutkan perang simpatinya setelah menghadapi badai kritik atas foto terpenggal-tebingnya Trump, sumber-sumber mengatakan bahwa dia marah tentang bagaimana Anderson Cooper menjatuhkannya dari siaran Malam Tahun Baru CNN-nya seperti kentang panas.	Fake
Celebrity		Gatal gatal memperingatkan Angelina agar tidak menggunakan mantra untuk merayu kembali Brad	Fake
Celebrity	EKSKLUSIF: DI SINI ILLIAM, KATE, DAN GEORGE KEPALA UNTUK LIBURAN SUMMER BULAN-PANJANG	Mereka telah menghabiskan dua hari terakhir mendukung Inggris Raya di Commonwealth Games di Glasgow, tetapi __ illiam__and __Kate__dapat menantikan libur bulan Agustus yang layak.	Legit
Celebrity	Memoir Caitlyn Jenner Kabarnya Adaptasi Film Tanah, Rob Lowe May Memainkannya	Laporan mengatakan bahwa aktor 'How to Be a Latin Lover' saat ini sedang dalam pembicaraan untuk bermain sebagai bintang reality show dalam film yang mungkin berdasarkan memoar barunya 'The Secrets of My Life'.	Fake
Celebrity	Apakah Jared Leto, 45, Menghancurkan Paris Jackson yang berusia 19 tahun?	"Jared Leto mengincar hal yang cukup muda: Paris Jackson yang berusia 19 tahun. Duo berpapasan di pesta Harper's Bazaar Icons di NYC pada 8 September, di mana aktor, 45, “pasti bermain untuknya, ”Kata orang dalam. “Dia menatap langsung ke matanya saat dia berbicara dan mereka berdiri sangat dekat. Mereka berbicara lama sekali dan dia banyak tertawa. ” Tetap saja, pemenang Oscar muncul, ketika Paris akhirnya pergi untuk bersama teman-temannya - meskipun tidak sebelum Jared mencium pipinya. Menambahkan orang dalam: ""Jelas bahwa dia super ke dalam dirinya, perbedaan usia terkutuk."""	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian 'Fears ill Explode' Jika Kanye est mencalonkan diri sebagai presiden: dia 'sangat gugup'	"""Kanye [est] semakin banyak berbicara tentang melangkah ke dunia politik, tetapi Kim [Kardashian] sangat ragu baginya untuk menempuh jalan itu. Dia sangat gugup tentang jenis kebencian yang akan difokuskan pada dirinya dan keluarga mereka jika dia akan mencalonkan diri sebagai presiden. Sebelum perampokan, dia tidak setakut itu, tapi sekarang dia hidup dalam ketakutan terus menerus. Jika Kanye mencalonkan diri sebagai presiden, ketakutan itu akan meledak, ""kata seorang sumber kepada HollywoodLife.com SECARA EKSKLUSIF."	Fake
Celebrity	atch Barack Obama kejutan manis untuk Michelle pada ulang tahun ke 25 mereka	Sudah dikenal karena pesan-pesan manisnya kepada istrinya pada hari ulang tahun dan hari libur, Barack Obama menjadi orang penting untuk ulang tahun pernikahannya yang ke-25 dengan Michelle pada hari Selasa.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Menyewa Tim Untuk membantunya Menjadi Lebih 'Politik' - 'Saya ingin Berbicara Lebih Jauh Mengenai Masalah Politik'	Bintang TV realitas kontroversial itu benar-benar ingin mengubah reputasinya. Dia telah belajar bahwa Kim Kardashian ingin memiliki citra yang jauh lebih politis dan dia sudah membuat beberapa langkah pertama ke arah itu.	Fake
Celebrity	Pics EKSKLUSIF: Foto pertama Ariana Grande sejak serangan Manchester	Ariana Grande yang emosional terlihat pertama kali sejak serangan teror di konser Manchester-nya pada hari Senin ketika ia mendarat di kota kelahirannya Boca Raton, Florida.	Fake
Celebrity	'Sudah lama datang': Heidi Klum mengakhiri pernikahan tujuh tahun atas 'temperamen vulkanik' Seal	Seal dan Heidi Klum bersikeras bahwa perpisahan mereka 'bersahabat' kemarin meskipun ada laporan bahwa supermodel itu tidak lagi tahan dengan ciuman dari temperamen vulkanik penyanyi Rose.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston tentang Momen Tepat yang Dia Miliki dengan Rumor Kehamilan	"Pada bulan Juli, Jennifer Aniston dengan kuat berbicara menentang rumor kehamilan tabloid tentang dia yang telah beredar selama bertahun-tahun, dalam sebuah op-ed untuk Huffington Post. ""Sebagai catatan, saya tidak hamil,"" tulisnya di dalamnya. ""Topi aku muak. Aku muak dengan pengawasan dan olah raga yang memalukan yang terjadi setiap hari dengan kedok 'jurnalisme,' Amandemen Pertama, 'dan' berita selebriti. '"""	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian est mengkonfirmasi bayi di jalan	"Kim Kardashian est mentweet sebuah klip Kamis dari promo musim baru seri E keluarganya ""Keeping Up ith the Kardashians."""	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez dan Jennifer Aniston Tanggal Ganda: Komentar Jen Tentang eeknd ere Lies	Selena Gomez saat ini berkencan dengan The eeknd. Sahabatnya Jennifer Aniston mendukungnya tetapi hubungan mereka kadang-kadang ditargetkan oleh rumor mongers.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Jay-Z Mempekerjakan Mantan Tim Layanan Rahasia Presiden Obama	Mereka memiliki 99 masalah, tetapi keamanan bukan Beyoncé dan Jay-Z yang telah lama meminta detail layanan rahasia mantan Presiden Barack Obama untuk membantu melindungi keluarga mereka setelah menyambut kembar Rumi dan Sir bulan lalu.	Fake
Celebrity	Peringkat 'Megyn Kelly Today' Tidak Semua Sinar Matahari untuk Pembawa Acara Pagi Baru NBC	"Jika tuan rumahnya dilaporkan mendapat gaji 17 juta setahun dan satu set baru telah dibangun di dalam markas Rockefeller Plaza NBC di Midtown Manhattan, ""Megyn Kelly Today"" lebih mahal daripada segmen jam 9 pagi sebelumnya ""Today."" Kehilangan penonton, dalam jangka panjang, akan menjadi masalah."	Legit
Celebrity	Cher: Siap Mati	Ketukan tidak lagi berlaku untuk CHER.	Fake
Celebrity		Taylor Swift tampaknya telanjang di video musik baru	Legit
Celebrity	Di dalam Rob K. Mehgan James 'Romance: hy Fam' 'Don't Approve' '	UPDATE: Ketika laporan baru terus muncul tentang hubungan Rob Kardashian dengan Mehgan James, keduanya turun ke media sosial untuk mempertimbangkan masalah ini.	Fake
Celebrity	Katie Holmes mengulangi perannya sebagai Jacqueline Kennedy	"Katie Holmes mengulangi perannya sebagai Jacqueline Kennedy untuk mini-seri baru, ""The Kennedys: After Camelot."""	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez dan The Eeknd Berpegangan Tangan untuk Jalan-Jalan Romantis di Argentina	Itu bukan hari yang sepi bagi The eeknd.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber rupanya menulis 'Love Bible' tentang Selena Gomez, dan itu manis tapi sangat aneh	Ada banyak laporan tentang Justin Bieber menghabiskan waktu di gereja dalam beberapa bulan terakhir, tetapi yang tidak kami sadari adalah bukan gereja lama yang ia kunjungi - itu adalah gereja dari hubungan masa lalu.	Fake
Celebrity	"topi Taylor Swift dan Joe Alwyn's ""Very Normal"" Relationship Is Like"	"Taylor Swift dan Joe Alwyn saat ini sedang melakukan hubungan pribadi: Mereka belum keluar bersama-sama di depan umum dan satu-satunya cara Swift berbicara tentang pacar Inggris-nya hampir setahun adalah melalui lagu (""... Ready For It?"" Dan "" Cantik, ""menurut penggemar). Tapi Kami dengan sabar memiliki laporan tentang bagaimana keadaan untuk dua hari ini. Alwyn dan Swift ""sangat cinta,"" kata seorang sumber di outlet."	Legit
Celebrity	OK Eksklusif: Lindsay Lohan Berencana Untuk Pindah Ke Rusia Setelah Edding Untuk Egor Tarabasov Di Tengah Perselisihannya Dengan Orang Tua-Nya Selama Upacara	Ketika rencana pernikahannya untuk pernikahannya dengan Egor Tarabasov terus terbentuk, orang dalam mengungkapkan kepada OKMagazine.com bahwa Lindsay Lohan mungkin akan membuat langkah besar setelah upacara	Fake
Celebrity	'Dancing ith The Stars': Donald Trump Diminta Menjadi Bintang Dalam Pertunjukan Dia Tidak Mengatakan Tidak	topi sih? Donald Trump tampaknya cukup sibuk di jalur kampanye, tetapi dia diundang untuk meluangkan waktu untuk mencoba tangannya (atau kaki?) Saat menari Rupanya Dancing with the Stars telah meminta Donald untuk bergabung dengan pemeran Season 23	Fake
Celebrity	topi yang dikenakan Nicki Minaj ke pernikahan Serena illiams tidak benar-benar baik-baik saja ... goyang mengenakan hotpants kulit putih dan crop top agak terlalu banyak.		Fake
Celebrity	"Caitlyn Jenner dan OJ Simpson Akan Bersatu Kembali di TV: ""Ini Akan Menjadi Menarik"" (EKSKLUSIF)"	Sulit untuk menjadi jauh lebih sensasional dari ini: sebuah acara TV yang memasangkan selebritis transgender paling terkenal di dunia dengan tersangka pembunuhan paling terkenal di dunia - terutama ketika keduanya memiliki koneksi dengan Kardashians Life Style secara eksklusif mengetahui bahwa produsen TV telah membuat ide untuk membawa OJ Simpson dan sahabat lamanya Caitlyn Jenner bersama dalam reuni televisi.	Fake
Celebrity	Melania Trump 'akan mengenakan Ralph Lauren di pelantikan suaminya'	Ralph Lauren adalah pelopor terbaru dalam perlombaan untuk merancang pakaian pelantikan Melania Trump, kata pertanda harian Daily, Selasa.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Resmi Sudah Berlalu Berlayar dengan Rencana Pengirimannya yang GILA	"Tidak dapat disangkal bahwa Beyonce adalah salah satu diva terbesar di Hollywood, tetapi sumber-sumber baru menunjukkan tuntutannya semakin gila. Untuk mengantisipasi kedatangan saudara kembar mereka, penyanyi dan suaminya Jay-Z telah menyusun rencana pengiriman begitu gila sehingga Anda akan berpikir mereka royalti. Pada tumit laporan bahwa pasangan terkenal telah pindah ke properti sewaan dekat dengan rumah sakit Cedars-Sinai Los Angeles, di mana Bey akan melahirkan, orang dalam mengatakan kepada majalah Heat bahwa ""acara ini diatur untuk menjadi tanpa biaya."" ekstravaganza. "" Klik untuk mendapatkan sendok di dalam rencana ruang bersalin Beyonce, dan bagaimana putri pasangan itu, Blue Ivy, akan memiliki peran yang sangat aneh dalam prosesnya."	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez dan Orlando Bloom Party Bersama di Pesta Ulang Tahun ke-39-nya	Selena Gomez dan Orlando Bloom sedang menikmati kebersamaan satu sama lain sekali lagi.	Legit
Celebrity	Jamie Foxx dan Katie Holmes Hit New York Fashion eek	Jamie Foxx dan Katie Holmes telah memukul Big Apple.	Legit
Celebrity	Tyra Banks Dituntut karena Menyebabkan 'Kesulitan Emosional' Selama Rekaman 'Talenta Amerika'	"* Seorang kontestan di ""America's Got Talent"" mengatakan penampilannya di sebuah rekaman baru-baru ini dipanggang begitu kejam oleh tuan rumah baru Tyra Banks sehingga telah menyebabkan tekanan emosional pada putrinya yang masih muda, yang menonton dari sayap."	Fake
Celebrity	"Apakah Mark Billingham? Pengawal Mengaku Dia ""Ayah"" Anak-Anak Brangelina"	"Sejak berita tentang Brad Pitt dan Angelina Jolie berpisah, banyak yang bertanya-tanya apa yang akan terjadi pada keenam anak pasangan itu. mereka tinggal bersama ibu, atau dengan ayah, atau kombinasi keduanya? Atau bisakah orang ketiga juga memiliki hak pengasuhan anak? Masukkan Mark Billingham, pengawal pasangan bintang itu. Billingham mengatakan dia pada dasarnya ""menjadi ayah"" anak-anak, menurut Kami dengan sabar."	Legit
Celebrity	Ketakutan Bunuh Diri Baru Untuk Owen ilson Setelah Ayah Meninggal	Kematian ayah tercinta Owen ilson memiliki teman-teman karena khawatir aktor yang disiksa itu akan kembali ke jurang depresi	Fake
Celebrity	PITT BRAD: Tidak Diragukan lagi, Trump akan Menjadi Presiden Terbaik dalam Sejarah AS. Apakah Anda Mendukung Dia? ⋆	Brad Pitt seperti yang Diundang Pada Hari Ini menunjukkan Pagi Ini Dan Setelah Jurnalis Kritik Terhadap Trump Dia Mengatakan ords ini: Tidak Diragukan, Trump akan Menjadi Presiden Terbaik dalam Sejarah AS Dan Anda Segera Menyakiti. Melawan Jurnalis Dan Semua Orang Tetap Marah. Apakah Anda Mendukung Brad? “Anda membutuhkan lebih banyak pekerjaan. Pengangguran jauh di sini, ”katanya. Dia mempekerjakan lebih banyak karyawan, lebih banyak orang, daripada siapa pun yang saya kenal di dunia.	Fake
Celebrity	Apakah Angelina Jolie Nemesis Chelsea Handler Mendekati Brad Pitt Setelah Membelah Hati?	e tidak melihat kedatangan ini. Musuh Hollywood Angelina Jolie terburuk, Chelsea Handler, mungkin agak terlalu dekat dengan mantan kekasih Brad Pitt, menurut sebuah laporan baru. Aduh	Fake
Celebrity		Angelina Jolie Memeluk Batinnya, dan Batin-Ibu	Legit
Celebrity		Justin Bieber membawa Alkitab sambil mengenakan pakaian tenis preppy	Legit
Celebrity	Misteri Bagaimana Kendall Bertemu Hadid Telah Dipecahkan	Belum lama ini Kendall Jenner dan Gigi Hadid hanyalah dua gadis muda yang tidak terhubung yang kadang-kadang muncul di acara televisi realitas anggota keluarga mereka. Kemudian dunia berkedip dan tiba-tiba mereka sedang membangun supermodel dan influencer super. Kemudian dunia berkedip lagi dan mereka adalah BFF supermodel bonafide. Satu lagi kedipan dan saudara-saudara perempuan mereka, Kylie dan Bella, juga mengembangkan pengaruh dan mengembangkan model-model dalam hak mereka sendiri.	Legit
Celebrity	Kekecewaan Pernikahan Barack Michelle Obama - Bagaimana Ini Membayar Jutaan Wajib Pajak	Barack Obama dan istrinya Michelle terus berantakan setelah keperemajaan presiden. Sekarang ini membutuhkan jutaan pembayar pajak. Perkawinan pahit antara dan terus berantakan setelah keperempuanan presiden. Sekarang ini membutuhkan jutaan pembayar pajak. ENQUIRER Nasional telah melihat catatan-catatan eksklusif yang diperoleh oleh pengawas pemerintah dari at Judicial atch - mengungkapkan bahwa pasangan yang berselisih itu mengambil pesawat pribadi yang terpisah untuk berangkat ke Hawaii untuk liburan Natal.	Fake
Celebrity	Kylie Jenner Meluruskan Catatan Tentang Laporan Tyga Owes 2 Juta Nya	Membela mantannya. Kylie Jenner naik ke Twitter pada hari Jumat, 27 Mei, untuk membahas laporan bahwa mantan pacarnya Tyga berutang 2 juta.	Legit
Celebrity	Harry Styles One Direction Menikmati Liburan Ski dengan Kendall Jenner Di Tengah Klaim Romantis	Bintang 'Best Song Ever' dan Kendall terlihat membawa perlengkapan ski dan snowboarding mereka bersama selama akhir pekan.	Legit
Celebrity	Inilah topi yang terjadi saat Kim Kardashian Akhirnya Mengungkap Identitasnya Pada Penggantinya	Kim juga menjelaskan dalam wawancara mengapa dia tidak mengundang ibu pengganti ke baby shower-nya. (Dia harus menjelaskan kepada seluruh sitch kepada anak-anaknya terlebih dahulu.) Secara keseluruhan, sepertinya Kim dan penggantinya memiliki hubungan yang solid.	Legit
Celebrity	Khloe Kardashian membenci pembenci yang telah menjebaknya sejak OJ Simpson diberikan pembebasan bersyarat	Khloe Kardashian tidak punya waktu untuk membenci.	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5056567/Jennifer-Lopez-gets-cozy-star-Milo-Ventimiglia.html	Jennifer Lopez merasa nyaman dengan pacar di layar Milo Ventimiglia	Fake
Celebrity	Leonardo DiCaprio Menikmati Malam Kencan dengan Kate inslet Untuk Ulang Tahunnya - Lihat Foto	Leonardo DiCaprio bergabung dengan lawan mainnya yang paling terkenal, Kate inslet, pada Jumat malam, hanya sehari sebelum ulang tahunnya yang ke-43 pada hari Sabtu. Keduanya menghabiskan lebih dari dua jam bersama di restoran Santa Monica Giorgio Baldi, setelah itu mereka dikawal oleh petugas keamanan dan masuk ke mobil yang sama bersama. Klik untuk melihat foto-foto malam intim mereka	Fake
Celebrity	Orang dalam pop mengklaim Justin Bieber membatalkan tur yang sudah berjalan lama karena dia mempertimbangkan untuk memulai gerejanya sendiri	"Orang dalam POP secara sensasional mengklaim Justin Bieber mungkin telah membatalkan turnya yang sudah berjalan lama sehingga ia dapat memulai GEREJA sendiri. Bieber mengejutkan jutaan penggemar kemarin ketika dia mengungkapkan dia membatalkan tur Purpose berbulan-bulan sebelum itu berakhir karena dia ""kehabisan tenaga."" Kanada telah mengungkapkan dia ingin kembali ke akar agamanya"	Fake
Celebrity	Kim, Kourtney Khloe Kardashian Merayakan Cinco de Mayo di LA	Para suster Kardashian merayakan Cinco de Mayo	Legit
Celebrity	hy Justin Timberlake Tidak Pergi ke Emmy bersama Jessica Biel	Jessica Biel tertegun di Emmy Awards 2017 di LA pada hari Minggu, 17 September, tanpa tanggal pertunjukan penghargaan yang biasa, suaminya Justin Timberlake, di sisinya - dan ternyata aktris, 35, naik solo karena alasan yang sangat bagus.	Legit
Celebrity	David Gest ditemukan tewas pada usia 62: Mantan suami Liza Minnelli ditemukan setelah kematian 'yang tidak dapat dijelaskan' di hotel London	"David Gest, bintang reality TV dan mantan suami Liza Minnelli, ditemukan tewas di sebuah hotel bintang lima di London dalam keadaan ""tidak dapat dijelaskan""."	Legit
Celebrity	Kira-kira pada waktu itu, Puteri Diana menghajar The Golden Girls dan Menghancurkan Bar Gay bersama Freddie Mercury	Putri Diana mungkin lebih bersenang-senang saat menikah dengan keluarga kerajaan Inggris daripada yang kita duga sebelumnya. Dalam bukunya yang baru, aktris komedi Inggris Cleo Rocos mengatakan bahwa dia, vokalis Queen Freddie Mercury, dan komedian Kenny Everett menyelinap Princess Diana ke bar gay London selatan, Royal Vauxhall Tavern, pada akhir 1980-an. Rocos mengenang malam itu di The Power of Positive Drinking, menulis bahwa ketiganya mendandani almarhum kerajaan tercinta dengan menyamar - jaket tentara, topi, dan kacamata hitam, menurut laporan kisah tersebut oleh AFP - dan dapat menikmati diri mereka sendiri secara terselubung berkat popularitas Mercury di kerumunan:	Legit
Celebrity	Kitesurfing, Makan Siang dengan Bono, Bermain Golf di Hawaii: Semua Tentang Kehidupan Obama Sekarang	Mereka telah terbebas dari gelembung House hite dan mereka tidak melihat ke belakang.	Legit
Celebrity	J-Rod Jennifer Lopez dan Alex Rodriguez tentang Cinta, Kecantikan, dan Penebusan	"Terlepas dari ketenaran yang nyata — dan barang bawaan — yang dibawa oleh Jennifer Lopez dan Alex Rodriguez, hubungan mereka masuk akal. Keduanya mulai dari latar belakang sederhana, memukul waktu besar dengan cepat, dan harus bertarung melawan iblis mereka sendiri untuk bertahan hidup. Pasangan baru ini mendiskusikan segala sesuatu mulai dari kencan pertama yang menegangkan hingga ""mengungkapkan"" yang membentuk ikatan mereka."	Legit
Celebrity	Lady Gaga tidak hamil, kata perwakilan	"LOS ANGELES: Perwakilan Lady Gaga membantah laporan bahwa penyanyi itu hamil. Rumor itu dipicu setelah Gaga terlihat mengenakan apa yang tampak seperti gundukan bayi pekan lalu. Sebuah majalah mengklaim dalam edisi terbarunya bahwa bocah berusia 29 tahun itu memiliki ""bayi dalam perjalanan."" Namun, laporan itu dibantah oleh perwakilan Gaga. Perwakilan mengatakan kepada tabloid Rumor Fix bahwa Gaga tidak mengharapkan seorang anak dengan tunangannya Taylor Kinney, lapor aceshowbiz.com. dengan maxi dress ketat berwarna krem, sementara di foto-foto lain dia terlihat mengenakan gaun kaftan biru ketika menghantam pantai Malibu dengan Kinney.Gaga membagikan di Instagram fotonya dengan perut rata pada ednesday. ""Daddy's Girl"", dia menuliskannya. Namun, ini bukan pertama kalinya penyanyi ini dikabarkan hamil. Sebelumnya juga sudah ada spekulasi di dalamnya."	Legit
Celebrity	"Kourtney dan Kendall mengadakan Hari Perahu ""Sun's Out, Buns Out"" di Cannes"	Kourtney Kardashian dan Kendall Jenner saat ini tinggal di Perancis Selatan untuk Festival Film Cannes, dan para suster mendapatkan waktu pakaian renang sambil bersantai di sebuah kapal pesiar di Antibes pada hari Senin; pasangan itu terlihat duduk-duduk dan mengobrol satu bagian dengan teman Simon Huck. Hari berikutnya, mereka terus bersenang-senang dengan mengenakan pakaian bahari terbaik mereka selama sehari di atas air. Sebelum kapal pesiar mereka yang iri, Kourtney menghadiri jamuan makan malam untuk merayakan para pelayan Laut Jean-Michel Cousteau pada hari Minggu, sementara Kendall menginjak landasan untuk acara Fashion For Relief tahunan Naomi Campbell, yang juga menghadirkan Kate Moss, Heidi Klum, dan Kendall's sobat Bella Hadid. Terus membaca untuk melihat semua foto dari petualangan Cannes Kourtney dan Kendall.	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez dilirik sebagai hakim 'American Idol'	"Singer dilaporkan sedang diawasi sebagai hakim bersama dengan penyanyi untuk reality show bernyanyi ""American Idol""."	Fake
Celebrity	Ellen, Portia membatalkan penampilan setelah pertarungan 'epik'	Ellen DeGeneres dan Portia de Rossi tidak muncul di acara pengumpulan dana amal untuk hewan yang diselamatkan setelah bertengkar hebat di mobil dalam perjalanan ke acara hari Minggu, sumber mengatakan kepada Page Six.	Fake
Celebrity	Ini Semua Tentang Kah Kim Kardashian Kanye est Menolak Donasi Amal Untuk Menyelesaikan Gugatan dengan Pendiri YouTube Tentang Video Keterlibatan	Ini semua tentang kash dengan Kim Kardashian dan Kanye est	Fake
Celebrity	Hillary Clinton The Movie - Dibintangi Glenn Close	Sebuah film sedang dibuat tentang Hillary Clinton dan kehidupannya yang menakjubkan, dan aktris legendaris Glenn Close telah dipilih untuk memerankan mantan ibu negara dan kandidat presiden	Fake
Celebrity	Owen ilson Mengatakan Anak-Anaknya Berubah Menjadi Komedian Kecil - atch	Owen ilson membuka tentang karir potensial anak-anaknya dalam komedi	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez Adalah 'Crazy In Love' ith Justin Setelah Bersatu Kembali: Dia 'Light Joyful'	Jika Selena Gomez sepertinya dia menjalani kehidupan terbaiknya sejak bersatu kembali dengan Justin Bieber - dia punya EKSKLUSIF bahwa Sel dalam 'cinta' dan senang bisa kembali dengan Biebs.	Fake
Celebrity	Angkat topi untuk mencintai Jennifer Lawrence, 26, dan Darren Aronofsky, 47, go public dengan romansa mereka saat mereka bergabung untuk berjalan-jalan di NYC	Mereka telah menjaga romansa pemula mereka tersembunyi tetapi tampaknya Jennifer Lawrence dan Darren Aronofsky telah membuat resolusi Tahun Baru untuk lebih terbuka tentang hubungan mereka.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Mengatakan Kanye est 'Serius' Tentang Mencalonkan Diri Sebagai Presiden	Pada acara The Ellen Show, bintang reality show Kim Kardashian est mengatakan kepada pembawa acara Ellen DeGeneres bahwa suaminya, rapper Kanye est, benar-benar berarti apa yang dia katakan ketika dia secara spontan mengumumkan di MTV Video Music Awards bahwa dia ingin mencalonkan diri sebagai Presiden Amerika. Serikat.	Legit
Celebrity	Dirty Talk dari Scarlett Johansson dengan SNL Stud	Laporan Mike alker ... Jangan pernah bicara kotor dengan wanita jika Anda ingin mengaktifkannya - benar, kawan?	Fake
Celebrity	Harvey einstein berencana untuk menuntut New York Times untuk 50 juta	"Harvey einstein mengatakan dia akan menuntut New York Times untuk sekitar 50 juta setelah menerbitkan laporan bom mengklaim film mogul menjadi sasaran aktris dan staf wanita untuk ""dekade pelecehan seksual."""	Fake
Celebrity		Jennifer Garner Memiliki Girls Night Out dengan Chelsea Handler	Legit
Celebrity	'Girl' Fight Kanye est Menghadapi Anna dalam film Puting Lena Dunham Di Sampul 'Vogue' Daripada Tunangan Kim Kardashian	Terlalu besar untuk sepatu olahragamu, Kanye? Saat makan siang yang sangat berkesan di Beverly Hills Polo Lounge, bintang hip hop ini menuntut jawaban dari Vogue Editor-In-Chief Anna atas pertanyaan tersebut: apakah dia menilai bintang Girls Lena Dunham sebagai penutup yang layak untuk bible fashion terkenal, sementara tunangannya, Kim Kardashian, telah lama diabaikan?	Fake
Celebrity	Nicki Minaj TIDAK MENDAPATKAN Celana Hot Dan Crop Top Kepada tulisan Serena iliams, Meskipun Dilaporkan	"Nicki Minaj tidak mengenakan hot pants dan crop top untuk pernikahan Serena illiams, meskipun ada laporan palsu berdasarkan gambar yang dipotret. Sebagai permulaan, rapper itu bahkan tidak menghadiri pernikahan bintang tenis itu. Cop Gosip dapat meluruskan catatan. illiams menikah dengan pengusaha internet Alexis Ohanian di depan teman dan keluarga di New Orleans, Kamis. Daftar tamu termasuk banyak selebriti, termasuk Beyonce, Kim Kardashian, Kelly Rowland, Anna intour, Ciara dan Eva Longoria. Minaj tidak hadir, tetapi situs web Irlandia-nya memposting foto Instagram terawat yang menunjukkan dirinya berpose di pesta bersama Beyonce dan Rihanna. Situs yang berjudul artikelnya yang tidak akurat, ""topi yang dikenakan Nicki Minaj ke pernikahan Serena illiams tidak benar-benar baik,"" dan mengatakan penyanyi itu muncul pada upacara olahraga ""hotpants kulit putih dan crop top."" Outlet yang salah informasi menegaskan pakaian Minaj adalah ""agak terlalu banyak,"" lebih lanjut mempertahankan bahwa dia ""sangat melangkahi garis etiket pernikahan."" Tapi pendapat situs tentang pakaian rapper benar-benar diperdebatkan. Baik Minaj atau Rihanna tidak ada di pernikahan pemain tenis. Kedua bintang musik itu ditumpangkan ke dalam foto Beyonce berpose sendirian di upacara. Tidak jelas apakah gerai Irlandia mencoba menipu pembaca atau ditipu oleh gambar palsu itu sendiri, tetapi Minaj tidak memakai pakaian yang tidak pantas untuk pernikahan illiams, yang tidak dia hadiri. Perlu dicatat, Gossip Cop harus menyanggah beberapa cerita palsu seputar pernikahan bintang tenis itu dalam waktu singkat sejak dia berjalan menyusuri lorong. Baru-baru ini tertangkap HollywoodLife karena mengarang laporan tentang Beyonce dan Kardashian memiliki ""pertukaran dingin"" di pernikahan. Gossip Cop juga memanggil RadarOnline untuk mengarang cerita tentang Kardashian yang dimarahi karena menggunakan teleponnya di pernikahan illiams. Artikel terbaru yang terkait dengan acara ini adalah palsu."	Legit
Celebrity	Lindsay Lohan Dikabarkan Bertunangan dengan Ahli Waris Rusia	Akhirnya, Lindsay Lohan telah menemukan cinta.	Legit
Celebrity	Anoreksik Angelina Jolie sedang pergi	Sosok kurus Angelina Jolie mendorong teman dekat untuk menyerukan intervensi untuk menyelamatkannya dari kematian	Fake
Celebrity	Rosie O'Donnell, hoopi Goldberg bertukar cerita penurunan berat badan	"(CNN) - ""The View"" kembali ke TV pada hari Senin dengan set baru, dua wajah baru dan sepasang host yang kembali menghabiskan waktu mereka dengan fokus pada kesehatan mereka."	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston Patah Hati Agar Border Untuk Mengadopsi	Jennifer Aniston mencari untuk mengadopsi bayi dari selatan perbatasan - hanya beberapa minggu setelah The National ENQUIRER mengungkapkan kesedihannya atas saudara lelakinya yang terasing mengumumkan bahwa dia menjadi ayah lagi.	Fake
Celebrity	Pesta Justin Bieber Di Acara Grammy Yang Sama Seperti Ex Selena Gomez The eeknd	"Uh oh Justin Bieber, 22, memutuskan untuk menghubungi pos Rihanna, Grammys bash pada 1Oak 12 Februari untuk berpesta dengan sisa bintang-bintang industri musik terbesar, dan sayangnya baginya termasuk mantan Selena Gomez, 24, dan pacar barunya, The eeknd, 26. Seperti yang kami katakan pada Anda secara eksklusif, pasangan itu tidak bisa menjaga diri mereka sendiri, mengemas banyak PDA sambil duduk di bilik VIP dan yang tampaknya tidak cocok dengan Biebs. Dia muncul di pesta itu sebentar, lalu berbalik dan mengekornya keluar dari sana tak lama setelah tiba. Sebuah sumber mengatakan pada HollywoodLife.com SECARA EKSKLUSIF bahwa, ""Dia ada di sana untuk kedua panas ... tidak terlalu lama sama sekali Dia segera pergi"""	Fake
Celebrity	Istri Billy Bush 'marah' kepadanya setelah wawancara Trump bocor	Billy Bush mungkin baru saja memposting foto selfie baru dengan istrinya, tetapi desas-desus beredar bahwa semua tidak baik di surga California mereka.	Fake
Celebrity	Penampilan Celine Dion yang mencekam dalam 'My Heart ill Go On' di 2017 Music Awards: atch	"Celine Dion menandai ulang tahun ke 20 dari lagu cintanya yang menyayat hati, ""My Heart ill Go On,"" dengan tampil dari dalam lampu gantung setinggi satu mil yang tergantung di langit-langit venue di Billboard Music Awards Minggu malam (21 Mei) 2017. Saat itu meningkat, begitu pula vokal Dion."	Legit
Celebrity	Bagaimana Janet Jackson kehilangan 70 pound	Ibu baru berusia 51 tahun itu memiliki tubuh ramping yang pelatihnya katakan dia capai tanpa menghabiskan banyak waktu cardio, yang dilaporkan menghabiskan 70 pound.	Legit
Celebrity	George, Amal Clooney menyumbangkan 1 juta untuk Pusat Hukum Kemiskinan Selatan untuk memerangi kelompok kebencian	Jika pembicaraan uang, George dan Amal Clooney membuatnya berteriak Selasa, dengan menyumbangkan 1 juta ke Pusat Hukum Kemiskinan Selatan untuk membantu memerangi kelompok-kelompok kebencian setelah tragedi dan kekerasan di Charlottesville, Va.	Legit
Celebrity	GADIS TENTANG KE N: Victoria Beckham sedang mempersiapkan bayi kelima	Victoria Beckham, benar, sedang mempersiapkan bayi kelima dengan suaminya David, menurut sumber yang dekat dengan sahabatnya, Tana Ramsay.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Membuka Hingga Tentang Kehidupan Setelah Perampokan Paris	Pagi ini, Kim Kardashian est terlambat beberapa menit untuk sarapan karena dia tidak bisa melepaskan masker gel ini dari wajahnya. Dia tinggal di sebuah kamar di hulu Baccarat Hotel di tengah kota Manhattan. Sebuah kamar dengan tempat tidur raksasa di dalamnya, di mana ia tidur, pantat ke pantat, dengan putrinya yang berusia empat tahun, North. Dan di ruangan itu dia memakai topeng - dari jenis kosmetik, bukan jenis Halloween - hanya untuk mengetahui dia tidak bisa benar-benar melepaskannya. di sini dia mendapatkan masker emas gel yang seharusnya membuat kulitmu lebih sehat? ***, saat kau Kim Kardashian est, kau tidak tahu dari mana semuanya berasal. Orang-orang hanya memberi Anda barang. Lemari besi dan pintu serta akun pengiriman ekspres dunia terbuka dan aliran barang gratis hanya menyapu Anda. Kim mencoba menikmatinya, karena itulah yang harus dilakukan oleh pencerahan. Tapi sekarang dia di lantai atas di kamarnya mencoba memisahkan wajahnya dari topeng gel gratis.	Legit
Celebrity	Jim Carrey Berkata Dia Telah Berlayar di 'Sungai Kesedihan' dalam Penampilan Panggung Emosional	Komedian berusia 55 tahun itu dihadang oleh dokumenter dan aktivis Broadway Broadway Michael Moore, The Terms of My Surrender, Kamis malam untuk percakapan terbuka tentang iklim politik saat ini setelah pemilihan presiden Donald Trump.	Legit
Celebrity	Jay-Z: 'Jesus Is Fake News; Lucifer Adalah Ay Of Truth And Light '	"""Yesus Kristus adalah berita palsu asli,"" menurut Jay-Z, yang mengklaim ""Yesus tidak pernah berjalan di bumi, kalian dimainkan"" dan ""gagasan tentang Yesus hanyalah alat yang digunakan oleh orang pintar untuk mengendalikan orang bodoh. ”"	Fake
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson: 'Twilight adalah bagian tersulit yang pernah saya lakukan'	Dia menjadikan namanya sebagai vampir remaja jantung-berdenyut Edward Cullen di Twilight. Kemudian percintaannya yang bergolak dengan lawan mainnya, Kristen Stewart, mendominasi kolom gosip dunia. Sekarang Robert Pattinson lebih tua, lebih bijaksana dan menumpahkan citra bocah lelaki Hollywood-nya. Dia berbicara tentang peran barunya di pedalaman dystopian David Michôd di barat The Rover	Legit
Celebrity	Amber Heard Membagikan Gambar Dari Aquaman Set	Tepat setelah syuting untuk Aquaman berlangsung di Australia, kami mendapatkan penampilan pertama kami sebagai aktris Amber Heard sebagai Mera. Sekarang Heard telah dibawa ke Twitter untuk berbagi foto dirinya dengan Jason Momoa - aktor di balik peran tituler film - dan sutradara James an.	Legit
Celebrity	Tragis Gwen Stefani Kehilangan Pendengaran Setelah Pecah Gendang Telinga	Burung penyanyi pop Gwen Stefani bisa berakhir tuli dan menghancurkan karier menyanyinya yang luar biasa	Fake
Celebrity	Face Lift, Botox, Peel, Oh My Ellen DeGeneres 'Plastic Surgery Obsession Diungkap	Obsesi Ellen DeGeneres untuk tetap awet muda tertulis di wajahnya - secara harfiah. Dalam sebuah laporan baru dari The National ENQUIRER, sumber mengungkapkan bahwa ratu acara bincang-bincang yang bersahaja itu benar-benar pecandu operasi plastik yang menyamar.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez dan Justin Bieber Just Kissed at His Hockey Game	Saat The eeknd terhubung kembali dengan mantannya, Bella Hadid, Selena Gomez melanjutkan serangkaian penampilannya dengan Justin Bieber. Tadi malam, dia mendukung bintang pop Kanada di pertandingan hoki di LA (untuk kedua kalinya). Dan keduanya membawa PDA ke tingkat berikutnya: mereka terlihat berciuman di arena.	Legit
Celebrity	Kecurangan Blake Shelton dan Lindsey Sporrer di Miranda Lambert - Perceraian Diharapkan | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Sepertinya ketakutan terburuk mutlak Miranda Lambert mungkin menjadi kenyataan. Menilai dari foto-foto terbaru, Blake Shelton mungkin benar-benar menemukan dirinya versi yang lebih muda, lebih kurus dari istrinya yang bengis, Blake memutuskan untuk menghadiri pesta ulang tahun ke-35 Usher dan Miranda tidak ditemukan di mana pun. Hampir seperti dia pergi keluar dari jalannya untuk menghindari Blake ketika dia ada di sekitar orang yang bekerja dengan dia dan kemudian melemparkannya ke wajahnya bahwa mereka selalu terpisah pula, pada malam khusus ini dia ada di rumah tetapi tidak berpikir untuk satu menit Blake kesepian.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian menjelaskan mengapa dia tidak akan memilih Trump	Untuk sesaat di sana, tampaknya Hillary Clinton telah kehilangan suara Kim Kardashian.	Legit
Celebrity	Apakah Evian menjadi rahasia di balik Kulit Hebat Cameron Diaz? Baca lebih lanjut di: https://tr.im/207sZ	Ini adalah salah satu rumor yang sangat konyol sehingga kami berharap majalah Star benar-benar melaporkan dalam edisi terbaru mereka bahwa aktris A-list Cameron Diaz hanya menggunakan air botolan untuk mandi.	Legit
Celebrity	Apakah Meek Mill Menemukan Nicki Minaj Dalam A Lesbian Tryst dengan MA Muda?	Menemukan cerita tentang Nicki Minaj dan Meek Mill bukanlah hal yang mudah. Tahun lalu, daging sapi Mill Meek Mill dengan rapper Kanada Drake membuat kami terhibur selama berbulan-bulan, dan Minaj hampir tidak terlihat. Selama beberapa tahun terakhir, Minaj menjadi terkenal karena pertengkaran di media sosial dan musiknya. Alhasil, pengamat selebritas nampaknya selalu memperhatikan kisah Meek Mill dan Nicki Minaj berikutnya. Dalam beberapa minggu terakhir, sebagian besar cerita tentang Mill dan Minaj berfokus pada apakah pasangan kekuatan hip-hop masih berkencan atau tidak.	Fake
Celebrity	Mariah Carey, Manajer Stella Bulochnikov Split	Mariah Carey dan manajernya selama tiga tahun, Stella Bulochnikov, tidak lagi bekerja bersama sebagai manajer dan klien, Variety telah mengkonfirmasi.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston, Diva? Aktris Dikabarkan Akan 'Tidak Dapat Disentuh' Di Set, Tidak Bersosialisasi (LAPORAN)	"Mungkinkah mantan ""Teman"" ini kurang ramah dalam kehidupan nyata? Rumor mengatakan itu yang terjadi."	Legit
Celebrity	Ellen DeGeneres Makan Malam dengan Misteri Brunette Di Tengah Rumor Perceraian dengan Portia de Rossi	Ellen DeGeneres keluar dengan rambut coklat misterius baru-baru ini di tengah rumor perceraiannya yang akan datang dengan istri Portia de Rossi. Foto-foto pembawa acara TV semuanya tersenyum dengan wanita tak dikenal itu hanya memicu spekulasi perpisahan mereka.	Fake
Celebrity	Jake Gyllenhaal Tidak Ada di Sini untuk Pertanyaan Taylor Swift	Kiri, oleh Mike Pont / ireImage; Kanan, dari GC Images, keduanya dari Getty Images.	Legit
Celebrity	"Jennifer Aniston dan Justin Theroux Membuat Satu ""Kesalahan Perhitungan Besar"" dengan Merencanakan Rahasia Mereka"	"Di samping tempat duduk yang tidak nyaman, kedengarannya seolah-olah pernikahan rahasia Jennifer Aniston dan Justin Theroux, musim panas ini, pergi tanpa hambatan. Luar biasanya, detail tentang pernikahan Malibu tidak bocor ke pers. Jimmy Kimmel melakukan pekerjaan ""indah"" untuk menahbiskan upacara itu, menemukan keseimbangan sempurna antara manis dan lucu. Howard Stern memberikan pidato. Dan sesudahnya, pengantin baru memulai bulan madu kelompok terindah yang pernah kami dengar. Tetapi pada hari ednesday, saat mempromosikan musim baru HBO's The Leftovers, Theroux mengungkapkan bahwa keduanya melakukan satu ""kesalahan perhitungan besar-besaran"" ketika merencanakan pernikahan."	Legit
Celebrity	Victoria Beckham akhirnya menangani klaim bahwa dia berusaha untuk bayinya yang ke lima dengan suaminya, David	Pasangan terkenal itu, yang tinggal di London, sudah memiliki tiga putra dan satu putri	Legit
Celebrity	Sarah Jessica Parker Mewarisi Vogue Magazine Control Dari Anna intour? | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Hanya ada satu intour Anna, tetapi hanya ada begitu lama sehingga dia bisa menjalankan Vogue. Anna sekarang berusia 64 tahun, dan sementara dia masih punya banyak tahun untuk terus menjalankan Vogue, pemerintahannya tidak akan bertahan selamanya. Akhirnya, dia harus menemukan penggantinya, dan menurut laporan dari Radar Online, penggantinya adalah Sarah Jessica Parker.	Fake
Celebrity	"Mantan Beatle Ringo Starr Mengklaim ""Nyata"" Paul McCartney Meninggal pada tahun 1966 dan digantikan oleh Look-Alike"	Beverly Hills | Mantan pemain drum The Beatles, Ringo Starr, mengejutkan dunia pagi ini dalam sebuah wawancara di kediaman mewahnya di California, ketika dia mengakui bahwa rumor berusia 45 tahun tentang dugaan kematian Paul McCartney pada 1966 itu sebenarnya benar.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez menggoda Bye Bye Birdie, musikal live NBC berikutnya	Siaran langsung NBC dari Hairspray masih berlangsung, tetapi Jennifer Lopez sudah bersiap-siap untuk produksi musik besar jaringan berikutnya, Bye Bye Birdie Live	Legit
Celebrity		Axed Jennifer Hudson on Be Be Be Ditanyakan Kembali Ke 'The Voice' Over Nightmare Diva Behavior	Fake
Celebrity	Billy Bush secara resmi dipecat dari acara NBC Today setelah bocor skandal rekaman cabul Donald Trump	Bush diskors pada acara pagi hari dua hari setelah isi rekaman 2005 dilaporkan pada 7 Oktober.	Legit
Celebrity	hy Celine Dion dan Cher saling membenci	Cher memukau kerumunan dalam pakaian bertatahkan kristal di sana kemarin ketika dia menyanyikan 'If I Could Turn Back Time' dan 'Believe' di Billboard Music Awards 2017.	Fake
Celebrity	Analisis | Kanye est dan bagaimana hip-hop menangani kesehatan mental	Tidak sepenuhnya jelas apa yang terjadi dengan Kanye est. Sang rapper, yang difilmkan memberikan kata-kata kasar di atas panggung selama pertunjukan baru-baru ini di California, pada hari Senin membatalkan 21 tanggal yang tersisa dalam tur Saint Pablo-nya. Beberapa jam kemudian, dia dilaporkan dirawat di rumah sakit karena stres dan kelelahan.	Legit
Celebrity	Liam Payne Just Dissed Solo Music Harry Styles	Musik baru Harry Styles bukan untuk semua orang, bahkan mantan teman band One Direction, Liam Payne.	Fake
Celebrity	Justin Bieber dan Selena Gomez menggairahkan penggemar	(CNN) Seperti cinta, harapan menjadi abadi bagi penggemar Justin Bieber dan Selena Gomez.	Legit
Celebrity	Iggy Azalea dan Odell Beckham Jr .: Berkencan	Anda mungkin dikejutkan oleh berita bahwa Odell Beckham Jr dan Iggy Azalea sedang berkencan, tetapi jika Anda berhenti dan memikirkannya sejenak, mereka benar-benar masuk akal sebagai pasangan.	Fake
Celebrity	Ben Affleck Memiliki Wajah Baru yang Segar: BOTOX BEN	DISARANKAN ?? Setelah setahun yang SANGAT KASAR, dokter mengatakan bahwa tampaknya Ben Affleck wajahnya segar. Bantuan yang dikabarkan itu? Botox sebagai pengisi kaki gagaknya untuk melembutkan garis di sekitar mulutnya.	Fake
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus dan Liam Hemsworth End Engagement	Ini secara resmi berakhir: Reps untuk Miley Cyrus dan Liam Hemsworth mengkonfirmasi kepada ORANG secara eksklusif bahwa pertunangan tidak aktif antara kedua bintang.	Fake
Celebrity	FKA Twigs Tampak Menyedihkan oleh Robert Pattinson Di Festival Film Cannes | Celeb Dirty Laundry	FKA Twigs dan Robert Pattinson dilaporkan kuat. Bintang Twilight dan tunangannya menghadiri Festival Film Cannes 2017 minggu ini. Pasangan itu tidak tampak bahagia seperti yang dilaporkan. Sudah berbulan-bulan sejak para penggemar melihat FKA Twigs dan Robert Pattinson bersama.	Fake
Celebrity	Stop Right Now The Spice Girls Mungkin Akan Merencanakan Reuni	Ada hal-hal tertentu yang orang tidak seharusnya bercanda. Reuni Spice Girls yang potensial dengan kelima anggota adalah salah satunya.	Legit
Celebrity	Pemisahan Percobaan Kim Kardashian dan Kanye est Berlangsung Selama Enam Kali (EKSKLUSIF)	Setelah menderita gangguan pada akhir 2016, Kanye est telah menjaga profil yang sangat rendah. Tetapi yang tidak diketahui oleh para penggemar adalah bahwa rapper dan istrinya Kim Kardashian sedang mengalami perpisahan percobaan.	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye est, No 'American Idol' For Me	Tidak ada 'American Idol' Untukku	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez A-Rod menyayangi On The ay? Dia semut Untuk Menikahinya	"Apakah Jennifer Lopez, 47, yang untuk Alex Rodriguez, 41? Teman-temannya dilaporkan mulai berpikiran demikian, menurut E News. ""Semua teman-temannya dapat mengatakan bahwa dia benar-benar menyukai J.Lo [tetapi] pada awalnya mereka pikir ini mungkin hanya sebuah hubungan asmara,"" kata seorang sumber. ""Teman-temannya perlahan berpikir ini mungkin benar-benar pertandingan yang hebat."" J-Lo dan A-Rod benar-benar menikmati waktu mereka bersama pada hari Jumat, 24 Maret ketika mereka nongkrong di Hotel Bel-Air yang mewah."	Fake
Celebrity	Fergie mengatakan dia dan Josh Duhamel masih 'teman baik'	"Fergie mengatakan meskipun dia dan suaminya Josh Duhamel berpisah, mereka masih ""teman baik"" yang saling mencintai dan putra mereka."	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie, Tidak terputus	"""Saya tidak pernah berharap menjadi orang yang dipahami atau disukai semua orang,"" kata Angelina Jolie. ""Dan itu tidak apa-apa, karena aku tahu siapa aku, dan anak-anak tahu siapa aku."""	Legit
Celebrity	Pangeran Harry Meghan Markle Bergerak Bersama	"Seorang sahabat dekat dari bintang ""Suits"" itu mengatakan kepada The ENQUIRER bahwa Meg ""membalikkan istana dengan renovasi"" - menambahkan: ""Dia tahu apa yang dia inginkan Meghan sangat keras kepala ketika sampai pada seleranya sendiri"" Penduduk asli LA bersikeras. pada renovasi ramah lingkungan, ruang terbuka lapang, warna-warna netral, sofa dan kursi besar yang nyaman, dan aksesoris kaca dan logam modern. Tapi sikap ""seperti diva"" orang biasa membuat beberapa orang dalam istana merasa ngeri"	Fake
Celebrity	Cerita Sampul: Angelina Jolie Solo	Ada Angelina Jolie yang kini menjadi ibu tunggal — yang mengelola kekacauan sehari-hari enam anak, dan trauma perpisahannya dengan Brad Pitt — dan ada Angelina Jolie yang film terbarunya, film Netflix yang inovatif tentang genosida Kamboja, adalah juga terima kasih kepada bangsa yang mentransformasikannya. Di rumah LA yang baru, Jolie mengungkapkan ketegangan antara kedua Angelina dan alasan hidupnya tidak akan pernah normal.	Legit
Celebrity	Blake Shelton Mengatasi Rumor Di Twitter Dalam The Best Possible ay	Blake Shelton sudah cukup banyak berbicara tentang tabloid tentang dia dan istrinya, Miranda Lambert.	Legit
Celebrity	Pernikahan rahasia Allison illiams 'terungkap	Allison illiams akan menikah pada hari Sabtu dalam upacara rahasia berbintang di barat, Page Six dapat secara eksklusif mengungkapkan.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift ent to '' Great Lengths '' to Keep Her Romance Private	Meskipun sejak itu tersiar kabar bahwa Taylor Swift berpacaran dengan aktor Inggris Joe Alwyn, dia benar-benar mencoba untuk menyimpannya selama mungkin.	Legit
Celebrity	Anna Faris Menanggapi Rumor Kecurangan Chris Pratt-Jennifer Lawrence Saat Mereka Mempromosikan 'Penumpang' Di Ulang Tahunnya	"Aktris ""Mom"" Anna Faris tidak ingin membiarkan tabloid menghampirinya, tetapi ketika desas-desus beredar tahun lalu tentang suaminya Chris Pratt berselingkuh dengannya dengan lawan main ""Penumpang"" Jennifer Lawrence, dia merasa rentan."	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Lawrence ingat waktu dia mabuk dengan Kris Jenner dan ditelanjangi	Jennifer Lawrence bersenang-senang mengisi untuk Jimmy Kimmel pada acara larut malam hari Kamis.	Legit
Celebrity	Anderson Cooper di Kathy Griffin: 'Saya harap dia bangkit kembali'	Anderson Cooper telah memperjelas bahwa dia tidak senang dengan foto kontroversial Kathy Griffin tentang Donald Trump, tetapi pembawa berita CNN mengatakan dia berharap teman lamanya itu dapat kembali setelah cobaan yang menjadi berita utama.	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/taylor-swift-new-song-look-what-you-made-me-do-apparent-kanye-west-diss-w499090	Taylor Swift Merilis Ternyata Kanye est Diss Song	Legit
Celebrity	https://www.vanityfair.com/style/2017/09/jim-carrey-roasts-fashion-week	Jim Carrey Hadiri Pesta Mode Baru untuk Memanggang Pesta Mode Baru	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Kylie ho? Rencana Adopsi Caitlyn Jenner Jump-Starts	RadarOnline.com dapat secara eksklusif mengungkapkan bahwa Caitlyn Jenner secara aktif mengeksplorasi proses adopsi dalam upaya putus asa untuk mengisi kekosongan yang disebabkan oleh hubungannya yang tegang dengan putrinya, Kendall dan Kylie.	Fake
Celebrity	Brad Pitt Menjalankan Kembali ke Jen Aniston Selama Perceraiannya Dari Angelina Jolie (EKSKLUSIF)	Ketika Angelina Jolie terus memutar pisaunya di hati Brad Pitt di tengah perceraian mereka yang akan datang, aktor berusia 53 tahun ini berlari kembali ke mantan istrinya Jennifer Aniston untuk mendapatkan dukungan, In Touch telah secara eksklusif belajar. Setahun setelah Angelina, 42, membutakan suaminya dari dua tahun dengan surat cerai, aktris itu berterus terang dengan The New York Times, tampaknya menunjukkan bahwa keenam anaknya lebih baik tanpa ayah mereka.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez Rencana Kedua Untuk Berkencan dengan Jennifer Aniston Justin Theroux	"Saran cinta Jennifer Aniston, 48, memberi Selena Gomez, 24, tentu terbayar Jadi bagaimana perasaan bintang A-List tentang pacar barunya The eeknd, 26? ""Jen tidak bisa lebih bersemangat untuk Selena. Dia merasa jika ada orang yang pantas bahagia dan menemukan cinta sejati itu adalah Selena,"" kata orang dalam kepada HollywoodLife.com SECARA EKSKLUSIF. Sangat romantis"	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian dan Kanye est Mencari Sumbangan Amal, Bukan Hadiah Bayi	Tolong, tidak ada hadiah bayi di sini	Legit
Celebrity	JLo Dumped By NBC Setelah Peringkat Mengerikan - EKSKLUSIF	JLo Dumped By NBC Setelah Peringkat Mengerikan - EKSKLUSIF	Fake
Celebrity	Apakah Pangeran Harry Menuju Ke Yale?	BUKAN sejak Pangeran illiam memilih St. Andrews karena almamaternya memiliki kegembiraan luar biasa di kampus universitas, tetapi para siswa yang berharap akhirnya berbagi asrama dengan seorang pangeran harus melihat sedikit lebih jauh saat ini ketika rumor muncul bahwa Pangeran Harry adalah Yale-terikat. Royal 31 tahun diperkirakan mempertimbangkan Yale Law School di Connecticut sebagai langkah selanjutnya setelah meninggalkan tentara, dan para siswa sangat bersemangat	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie Mengancam Brad Pitt: Jangan Membawa Anak-Anak Sekitar Jennifer Aniston	Meskipun Angelina Jolie, 41, dan Brad Pitt, 53, memilih untuk membuat dokumen hukum mereka yang melibatkan perpecahan mereka sepenuhnya pribadi pada 10 Januari 2017, Angie dilaporkan mendapat permintaan baru untuk menambah negosiasi perpecahan mereka. Dia tidak ingin Brad melaporkan teman SMS baru, Jennifer Aniston, 48, di dekat anak-anaknya, menurut In Touch.	Fake
Celebrity	Pacar Ryan Seacrest, Shayna Taylor, Keluar untuk Alasan yang Baik	Ryan Seacrest membawa pacarnya Shayna Taylor keluar untuk alasan yang bagus tadi malam	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Memegang Blue Ivy, Menunjukkan Bump Bayi di Memorial Day Bikini Pic	Oh, bayi Beyoncé, yang hamil dan hamil kembar bersama suaminya Jay Z, pergi ke Instagram pada Hari Peringatan, Senin, 29 Mei, untuk memamerkan benjolan bayinya dalam sebuah foto yang menggemaskan yang menampilkan anak perempuan mereka yang berusia 5 tahun, Blue Ivy.	Legit
Celebrity	Bersulang? Ceroboh Jessica Simpson Eric Johnson Menjadi Minuman Keras Moguls	Jessica Simpson dan Eric Johnson sangat menyukai minuman keras mereka, mereka sedang mempertimbangkan untuk mengubah hasrat mereka menjadi usaha bisnis baru, RadarOnline.com telah belajar secara eksklusif.	Fake
Celebrity	Hollywood Film Awards: Lihat apa yang dikenakan Angelina Jolie, Margot Robbie, dan lainnya	Hollywood Film Awards berlangsung semalam di Los Angeles, dengan Margot Robbie (foto dalam Louis Vuitton), Angelina Jolie dan Dakota Johnson di antara para tamu yang glamor.	Legit
Celebrity	Kanye est - 'Nervous Breakdown' ... Didorong Tepi oleh Peringatan Hari Pemakaman Ibu	Pushed Over Edge oleh Anniversary of Mom's Funeral	Fake
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus dan Liam Hemsworth mengenakan cincin pernikahan di 'SNL' - dan sekarang penggemar yakin mereka menikah	"Pasangan itu berada dalam sketsa ""Saturday Night Live"" bersama-sama. Saturday Night Live / YouTube"	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Cemburu pada Tubuh Bikini Kourtney: Mencetak Dua Kali Sehari Untuk Bersaing	Kim Kardashian berwarna hijau karena iri pada bikini bodi adiknya. Tapi alih-alih membiarkan Kourtney Kardashian mencuri kilauannya, simbol seks OG justru menyerang. Ini dia rencana permainan EKSKLUSIF untuk menarik kembali sorotan	Fake
Celebrity	Barack Obama 'semut Untuk Cut Partai Longgar' Di Tengah Rumor Perceraian | follownews	Sekarang setelah dia keluar dari House hite dan tidak harus menjaga citra palsu dari suami yang penuh cinta, mantan Presiden Barack Obama telah menendang istri Michelle ke pinggir jalan dan telah menarik cincin kawinnya, menurut sebuah sumber.	Fake
Celebrity	Kelly Ripa dan Megyn Kelly dalam Pertempuran Rating atas 'Megyn Kelly Today' dan 'Live ith Kelly and Ryan'	Hal-hal yang semakin memanaskan Megyn Kelly Today dan Live ith Kelly dan Ryan air pada slot waktu yang sama (hari kerja pukul 9 pagi), jadi tidak mengherankan ada pertempuran peringkat yang terjadi antara host Megyn Kelly dan Kelly Ripa sekarang	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye est sebagai Designing Looks Untuk Melania Trump Pada Hari Peresmian Sebelum Kerusakan	Kanye est, 38, adalah definisi workaholic sejati. Selain Tour Saint Pablo-nya yang sibuk yang baru saja dibatalkan, 'Ye terinspirasi untuk membuat pakaiannya seperti popcorn dan secara diam-diam menyusun beberapa desain untuk dipakai oleh Ibu Negara Melania Trump, 46, yang akan datang.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift Debut Berani Tebal pada Sampul Album Reputasinya	Taylor Swift telah resmi kembali. Pagi ini, setelah pemadaman media sosial diikuti oleh klip samar ular melingkar, mencolok, Swift menarik kembali tirai di albumnya yang akan datang, Reputasi - yang mengharapkan rilis 10 November, menurut bingkai berikutnya - dengan hitam mencolok dan foto kecantikan putih yang menampilkan pandangan baru tentang kecantikannya yang khas.	Legit
Celebrity	Rosie O'Donnell Menjual Mansion Pulau Star-nya seharga 16,5 Juta	2013-06-17T14: 07: 39-04: 00	Legit
Celebrity	Pekerja bantuan mengklaim Angelina Jolie mengadopsi putra Maddox menggunakan detail palsu	Seorang pekerja bantuan Kamboja mengajukan klaim luar biasa tentang adopsi anak sulung Angelina Jolie tahun 2003, Maddox Jolie-Pitt.	Legit
Celebrity	Perilaku Setiva Jennifer Aniston - tidak Makan Siang dengan Pemain, SUV Mewah dan Trailer Pribadi Berjarak Miles Away	Jennifer Aniston adalah bintang film A-list dan RadarOnline.com telah secara eksklusif mengetahui persis seperti apa ia bertindak di lokasi syuting.	Fake
Celebrity		Je! Drake's New single inamaanisha kuwa Tayari Ameshatoa Albamu yake ya Hivi Punde?	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie Amal Alamuddin: Ni ar	hen George na Amal Clooney walisherehekea harusi yao kwa mara ya pili mnamo Oktoba 25, kulikuwa na wageni wawili waliogundulika sana ambao walikosekana - Brad Pitt na Angelina Jolie hawakuweza kuonekana	Fake
Celebrity	Jambo kwa Blondes? Brad Pitt Yuko Tayari Kusonga Margot Robbie	"Je! Brad Pitt amerudi blondes? Muda kidogo baada ya kugawanyika kwake na Angelina Jolie, uvumi ulienea kuhusu kemia wa Pitt wa kuweka usanii na mwigizaji wa Allies Marion Cotillard. Kuhusishwa na wengi wa nyota wenzake kwa muda wote wa kazi yake ndefu, pamoja na mchumba wake wa hivi karibuni, haishangazi Jolie hakuwa na hamu ya kufanya naye kazi na mabomu ya machozi, Margot Robbie. Chanzo cha kipekee kwa ripoti za OK, ""Anadhani ni msichana moto zaidi katika Hollywood hivi sasa."" Kulingana na chanzo, muigizaji huyo mwenye umri wa miaka 41 na Rais wa Filamu B za Mpango ""amejaribu kumpongeza kwa miradi mingi ya sinema. Hii ilikuwa somo kali na Angie ambaye aliwazuia kufanya kazi pamoja mara chache. Sasa yeye hana ndoa tena unaweza kutarajia Brad atafuata Margot na shauku. "" Na nani angemlaumu? Urembo wa miaka 26 wa Australia umepewa jina la ""Angelina Jolie mpya,"" unaochochea hofu mioyoni mwa wake mashuhuri. Ana sifa yake mwenyewe ya kemia iliyowekwa na watendaji wa ndoa ikiwa ni pamoja na mgonjwa Smith. picha za kuchoma moto na nzito za ngono na picha zikiwa zinatazama kamera laini, Smith mwenyewe alilazimika kushughulikia uvumi huo kwenye twitter, ""Inasikitisha kwamba kuzunguka kila wakati kunaweza kuchukuliwa bila muktadha."""	Fake
Celebrity	Tom Hiddleston alishtuka Taylor Swift Alimrejelea juu ya Albamu Mpya: Hapa kuna msemo	watu wengi ambao wako au walikuwa katika maisha ya Taylor Swift uwezekano mkubwa walijua wataitwa kwenye albamu yake, Tom Hiddleston alidhani yuko salama Lakini, amemtajwa kwenye nyimbo za TO Hapa ndio anafikiria…	Fake
Celebrity	JENNIFER ANISTON HINTS KWA MARAFIKI Reunion	"Jennifer Aniston anawafurahisha sana marafiki wa Marafiki mwigizaji aligusia angekuwa wazi kwa kuungana tena na kipindi cha NBC. ""Kitu pekee ambacho ninaweza kufikiria kufanya labda ni kufurahi kipindi cha Kushukuru,"" Aniston alisema kwenye onyesho la Briteni. Walakini, msemaji wa arner Bros., studio ambayo ilitengeneza Marafiki, aliiambia New York Post kuwa hakujawa na majadiliano ya awali juu ya onyesho la kukutana kwa Marafiki."	Fake
Celebrity	Lindsay Lohan: Kutamani Starlet Baada ya Vladimir Putin	"LiLo's ghafla ililenga macho yake ya moto kwa ""Kremlin Krotch,"" akiambia suruali yeye kitanda na mchumba mashuhuri wa Soviet Vladimir Putin - na kisha apewe taji rasmi ""Princess Pootie-Tang wa Urusi"""	Fake
Celebrity	Kuibuka kwa Sayansi Katie Holmes Jenna Elfman Kuingia katika Awkward 'GMA' Kukimbia	Kwa mara moja, mchezo wa kuigiza huko Good Morning America haukumuhusisha Robin Roberts na mpiga picha wake mpya, Michael Strahan.	Fake
Celebrity	Nat ants to Enter Biashara ya Vipodozi Kama Kylie	Kanye est anataka kwenda kichwa-na-mkwe-dada-yake maarufu ... kupiga mbizi kwanza ndani ya biz ya mapambo iliyotawaliwa na Kylie Jenner.	Fake
Celebrity	Kucheza na Timu ya Star 2017 pamoja na Charo, Bonner Bolton, Heather Morris Zaidi	"kucheza juu ya kucheza na nyota? Wacha tujue Mchezo mpya wa kucheza na Stars 2017 ulitangazwa juu ya Wema Morning America Wshindi wa Msimu 24 walijadiliwa kwenye Msimu wa Marafiki, ambao pia uliashiria sehemu ya 400 ya kucheza na Stars. Vipindi vya show MONDAYS 8 | 7c kwenye ABC. Mechi hiyo ya msimu huu ni pamoja na Bonner Bolton, Bwana T, Olimpiki Simone na Nancy Kerrigan, Heather Morris na msichana wa asili wa ""Cuchi-Cuchi"", Charo, kuwataja wachache tu. Angalia kucheza kamili na Mchezo wa nyota hapa chini baada ya kufurahiya nambari ya ufunguzi mzuri kutoka kwa Msimu wa kwanza wa Msimu"	Legit
Celebrity	Kirsten Dunst anafafanua kwanini alikuwa analia kwenye kabichi nyekundu cha Cannes 2017	Kirsten Dunst alionekana akilia ajabu kwenye kabichi nyekundu kwenye Tamasha la Filamu la Cannes la mwaka huu, na sasa inaonekana tunayo maelezo kwa tukio hilo la ghafla.	Legit
Celebrity	Ndani ya bafu ya watoto Beyoncé	Usifanye kama haukujua Beyoncé alikuwa anafunga itakapokuja kwa kuoga kwa mtoto wake.	Legit
Celebrity	Prince - Ukweli Nyuma ya Dawa Yake ya Dawa	"Kama ENPLIRER iliripoti, Prince alikuwa amekutwa na VVU, virusi ambavyo husababisha UKIMWI, katika miaka ya 1990. Wazo la Yehova alichagua kutopambana na ugonjwa unaouda na dawa kwa sababu ya imani yake, akiamini ""Mungu ataniokoa"" Miezi sita iliyopita, aliambiwa na madaktari alikuwa na UKIMWI ulijaa baraka na alikuwa na miezi sita tu ya kuishi, vyanzo vilisema. ""Hakuweza kuchukua uchungu ambao ugonjwa ulikuwa unamsababisha katika hatua zake za mwisho,"" mtu wa ndani aliiambia ENPLIRER. ""Na hakutaka kupotea tu polepole"""	Fake
Celebrity	Blake Lively kwenye michezo ya Hollywood, Kuelekeza na uwezekano wa 'Mtoto wa Kitapeli'	"Kama moja ya Nguvu ya Tofauti ya omen inavyowaheshimu, Blake Lively atahudhuria chakula cha mchana Ijumaa akiunga mkono Ushirikiano wa Uokoaji wa Watoto. Kwa toleo la wiki hii, mwigizaji alizungumza juu ya wanawake huko Hollywood, akipiga risasi huko New York kwa ""Msichana wa Kitapeli,"" na kile anachoangalia katika jukumu."	Legit
Celebrity	Mwishowe, Kidole Kidman Anakubali Botox	Kwa kadiri tunavyoweza kusema, Botox huorodhesha orodha ya starehe za watu Mashuhuri: Kila mtu hufanya hivyo, lakini hakuna mtu anayezungumza juu yake. Isipokuwa Nicole Kidman, hiyo ni.	Legit
Celebrity	Tom Cruise awkwardly anauliza swali juu ya binti Suri	Tom Cruise alijibu kwa heshima kwa swali juu ya binti Suri kwenye mkutano wake wa mapema wa Mummy jana usiku, lakini hakuonekana kutulia akiongea juu yake kufafanua juu ya jibu.	Legit
Celebrity	Ndio, Kim Kardashian na Kanye wanasaini Prenup, Lakini Guess ho is orth More	Ukweli kwamba Kim Kardashian na Kanye wanapanga kusaini makubaliano ya kitalu labda hautashangaza wengi, lakini madai ya hivi karibuni juu ya nani anayestahili zaidi.	Legit
Celebrity	Caitlyn Jenner: uvumi wa uwongo karibu naye, mahusiano ya familia yake na familia yake ya wazi Soma juu yake hapa -	RadarOnline alichapisha hadithi kuhusu Caitlyn akidai kuwa nyota ya TV ya transgender na aliyetapeliwa wa zamani anaenda mkondoni ili kuchunguza ujinsia wake na amekuwa akifurahia 'siri za holela' za siri. Ufafanuzi wa 'hookups' haujafafanuliwa katika hadithi. Lakini ripoti inasema kwamba Caitlyn Jenner ameingia kwenye mapenzi kwenye mtandao bila maingiliano yoyote ya nje ya mkondo na wateja. Tabloid imenukuu mtu wa ndani akisema:	Legit
Celebrity	Je, mwigizaji wa filamu za Ahamani Nicole Kidman na Amber Heard wanajifanya kwenye sinema ya DC?	James alianza utengenezaji wa filamu ya Aquaman huko Australia mwezi uliopita. hason Jason Momoa na mwigizaji wa Mera Amber Heard tayari wameshapiga tukio lao la kwanza kwa pamoja, mwigizaji wa Malkia Atlanna Nicole Kidman alifikia siku chache zilizopita. Kufuatia kutua kwake, kumeripotiwa kumekuwa na cheche kwenye seti.	Fake
Celebrity	Chelsea Handler anafikiria 'Ni ya Upumbavu' Watu Wanadhani Jennifer Aniston Anajali Kuhusu Kufanya Kofia kati ya Angelina Jolie na Brad Pitt	Kicheko ni dawa bora linapokuja suala la kukabiliana na uvumi huko Hollywood, angalau kwa Chelsea Handler na bestie Jennifer Aniston.	Legit
Celebrity	Chelsea Handler hana Kitu Mzuri kusema juu ya Ben Affleck (EXCLUSIVE)	Hoes over bros Inavyoonekana, mchekeshaji wa Chelsea Handler anachukua moyo huo kwa sababu yuko tayari kumng'ata rafiki yake mkubwa, mchumba wa Jennifer Garner's, Ben Affleck. Kijana mwenye umri wa miaka 42 ni asilimia 100 TeamJen katika Ben / Jen amegawanyika - na kwa uaminifu, unaweza kumlaumu? Katika Touch ina maoni ya kipekee juu ya nini hasa Chelsea imehifadhiwa kwa nyota wa Argo.	Fake
Celebrity	Oscars: Mel Gibson, Casey Affleck na Wigo wa Hollywood wa Kuteleza kwa Adhabu ya Maadili	"Chumba cha wanaume cha Sinema Zilizoonekana katika est LA ni mahali pazuri kama yoyote ya kupima maoni ya kweli ya wapiga kura wa Oscar. Kufuatia onyesho la barabara ya Hacksaw Jumamosi chache zilizopita, nilijikuta nikanawa mikono yangu karibu na waungwana wawili - wote wawili walionekana kuwa na umri wa miaka 63, umri wa wastani wa washiriki wa Chuo, na mmoja aliyevaa kofia ya Kung Fu Panda 2 (aina ya kofia mtu mzima havaa isipokuwa alifanya kazi kwenye sinema) kujadili kile walichokuwa wameona. ""Hakutaka kupenda huyo lakini ...,"" mtu wa kwanza alisema, akitoka. ""Lakini Mel anaweza kuelekeza,"" rafiki akamaliza."	Legit
Celebrity	Vanessa Lachey anavunja ukimya wakati wa uvumi wa 'D TS'	Duo hii ya kucheza inajaribu kupata safu yao.	Legit
Celebrity	Msiba wa edward wa George Clooney's 220M - Prenup Feud, Mpangilio wa Wageni wa Flub	Vijana wa George Clooney wanaokuja kwa mchumba wa Amal Alamuddin wanageuka kuwa msiba - daladala wanandoa wamekuwa wakibishana juu, wasiwasi juu ya orodha ya wageni na mpangaji wao wa harusi ataacha - na wenzi hao wanaweza hata kuifanya iwe chini ya njia	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian mazungumzo yake ya surrogate	Anatarajia mtoto wake wa tatu kupitia surrogate.	Fake
Celebrity	Upasuaji wa siri wa plastiki wa Janet Jackson	Janet Jackson amechoka kuficha mikono yake ya bibi aliyezeeka chini ya sketi ndefu na glavu - kwa hivyo sasa anawapa pesa	Fake
Celebrity	Baba mpya Ryan Gosling anajivuta sigara wakati anapiga filamu mpya The Nice Guys	Ryan Gosling kwenye seti ya filamu yake mpya 'The Nice Guys' huko Atlanta jana [AKM-GSI]	Legit
Celebrity	Kijitabu cha Kijamaa cha Kijitabu Kim Kardashian Aliadhibitiwa Kwa Kupuuza Utawala wa Nambari yoyote ya simu Katika edi ya Serena illiams	Insider alituambia kwamba babysitter kufuata ukweli TV nyota kuhakikisha yeye kuheshimu sheria. Serena illiams na harusi ya Alexis Ohanian ilikuwa moja ya kukumbuka kwa hakika, na Kim Kardashian alikuwepo pia. Lakini kama tulivyojifunza, Kuweka Up na celeb ya Kardashians ina shida kukaa mbali na media ya kijamii kwa muda mrefu sana.	Fake
Celebrity	Nicole Kidman Anafurahisha Vifungu Kupitia Maoni juu ya busu lake la Alexander Skarsgård huko Emmys	"Ah, Nicole Kidman na Keith Urban. Yeye, muigizaji wa filamu wa Australia aliwahi kuolewa na mtu anayeongoza wa Hollywood. Yeye, mwimbaji wa nchi ya Australia na moyo wa Nashville. Kwa pamoja ni bi-pwani, nchi mbili, wanandoa wa nguvu mbili-bara. Endelea, waone wakitembea chini carpet yoyote nyekundu pamoja na jaribu kubaki bila silaha. Ni tasnia mbili za kuvutia ambazo hufanya uchaguzi wa nywele tofauti Wewe huna nafasi ndio maana wakati alishinda mwigizaji bora kwa jukumu lake la umeme la Big Little Lies, na kumbusu mumewe wa televisheni, Alexander Skarsgård mrefu sana, kwenye midomo wakati mumewe halisi alitazama kwa upendo, kila mtu alikuwa kama, ""kofia? Huh? Kwenye midomo? """	Legit
Celebrity	ATCH: Kutoka kwa Donald Trump ya Marla Ramani inahusu kihemko Kuhusu Maisha kama Mama Moja Juu ya Kucheza na Nyota	"""Ninafikiria tu kupata mtoto kuwa zawadi bora zaidi duniani,"" mke wa zamani wa Donald Trump anasema kwenye Dansi na picha ya hakikisho la Stars iliyoonyeshwa na BURE kwa watu. ""Kila wakati mmoja, mzuri, wenye changamoto, wenye furaha, wenye uchungu, wote ni muhimu sana."""	Legit
Celebrity	Sasisho la 'Shama hamsini na Nyeusi': Jamie Dornan, Dakota Johnson aligawanyika baada ya kudanganya kwa kuweka; Kutolewa kwa filamu kucheleweshwa?	Kivuli cha Elfu Nyeusi sasa kinaweza kuwa katika shida na taarifa za kudhalilisha kati ya wanachama Jamie Dornan na Dakota Johnson.	Fake
Celebrity		Uzinduzi wa Uboreshaji wa Kylie 'Over' Copycat 'Dada Kim Kim	Fake
Celebrity	Je! Madonna ant atuma R ukuphe Reli kwa Shule ya Jeshi?	Sababu ya kwa nini mtoto wa Madonna Rocco bolted kwa nyumba ya baba yake inakuwa wazi zaidi. Inaonekana kwamba Madonna ni madhubuti zaidi nyumbani kuliko mtu angefikiria, na anataka kumtuma mwana Rocco shule ya jeshi. Rocco Ritchie, 15, hataki kwenda, na wakati akiwa kwenye ziara na Madonna, alikimbia kwenda kuishi na baba yake.	Fake
Celebrity	Tyga Aonyesha Maelezo kuhusu Kuvunjika kwa Kylie Jenner	Katika mahojiano mapya na Big Boy TV, Tyga-mwezi mmoja kutoka kwa mgawanyiko wake na Kylie Jenner-alifunua habari mpya juu ya kile kilichosababisha kuharibiwa kwa wanandoa.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian 'Allergic' Kwa Vito vya Kujitia Baada ya Mbaya wa Jamaa wa Paris	Hata ingawa imekuwa ni wakati tangu wakati huo na sote tulidhani ukweli wa nyota wa TV ulikuwa bora zaidi, inaonekana kama wizi wa kutisha wa Paris bado ni juu ya akili ya Kim Kardashian.	Fake
Celebrity	Kris Jenner Anajali kwa Vizazi Vizazi vya Kardashians	Kris Jenner, mama wa watoto sita na bibi kwa wengine sita, ni mtoaji wa shughuli nyingi. Tangu kuanza kwa onyesho la ukweli la familia yake mnamo 2007, ni wazi kwamba amekuwa akifanya mazoezi ya jicho moja kwenye circus ya TV na nyingine juu ya jinsi circus hiyo inavyoathiri familia yake. Wakati wa kuibuka kwa ukweli mpya wa Televisheni na mwandishi wa The Hollywood, Jenner alisema ana wasiwasi kuhusu jinsi wajukuu wake sita wataathiriwa na biashara ya familia.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber Auliza 'Taylor Swift kofia juu' katika Picitho Kanye	"sijui inamaanisha nini bado, lakini mnamo Jumanne asubuhi (Agosti 2) Justin Bieber alisisitiza maoni zaidi ya 85,000 katika masaa chini ya sita tu kwa kujipiga risasi kwa pande zote za mtindo wa John Lennon Lakini ni maelezo mafupi ambayo mtandao unabashiri: ""Taylor wepesi ni nini,"" Bieber aliandika."	Legit
Celebrity	'Kitendo cha Pili' Cast Stars Milo Ventimiglia Jennifer Lopez Hakuna Mtu anayeweza kudhibiti hisia zao	Jitayarishe kwa moja ya wanandoa wenye moto zaidi wa sinema ... kuruka kati yao. Milo Ventimiglia atacheza mchumba wa J. Lo katika sinema hiyo mpya, kulingana na Tofauti, na habari za kutupwa zina mashabiki wa nyota hizo mbili kutikisa.	Legit
Celebrity	Kevin Hart Begs Tuna Eniko Parrish Kwa Msamaha 25 25 Push Zawadi	"Kevin Hart anajiambia - hakuna kinachosema ""samahani kwa kudanganya na kukudhalilisha"" kama zawadi 250,000."	Fake
Celebrity	Chris Pratt Snubs Justin Bieber Urafiki	Je! Nyota zinazoomba pamoja zinacheza pamoja? Sio kama wao ni Justin Bieber na Chris Pratt	Fake
Celebrity	Leah Remini Anafungua Juu ya Urafiki Wake wa Jennifer Lopez Na Uunganisho wa Sayansi	Jennifer Lopez na mtaalam wa zamani wa Sayansi Leah Remini ni marafiki bora zaidi. Wamejuana kwa miaka kadhaa na wamepitia mengi. Kwa vyovyote vile, urafiki wao unakua. Imekuwa inaonekana siku zote kuwa Lea ndiye pekee aliye na unganisho la Kanisa la Sayansi, lakini sivyo ilivyo.	Fake
Celebrity	Prince illiam Kate Kuhudhuria sherehe ya Kwanza ya Bustani ya Royal ya Msimu	hali ya hewa ya joto inakuja jambo moja: vyama vya bustani	Legit
Celebrity	Cameron Diaz	Endelea tena	Fake
Celebrity	Parokia ya Kevin Hart na Ino Eniko Shiriki Picha Tamu za Mtoto Kenzo	Kevin Hart na mke wa Eniko Parrish walishiriki picha ya kupendeza ya mtoto wao mchanga, Kenzo Kash Hart, na wazazi hawakuweza kusaidia	Legit
Celebrity	Mizigo mikubwa ya Gharama na Mapambano Kamwe	Celebs za migogoro ya bei hubadilika kuwa mtaalamu wakati kamera zinagonga, nyuma ya pazia kuna paka za kuwaka, kulia na kusugua macho. lakini walilazimishwa kufanya kazi pamoja kwa misimu kadhaa ya kipindi cha runinga kali au miezi michache kwa filamu, nyota hizi haziwezi kuonekana kuwa sawa.	Fake
Celebrity	Caitlyn Jenner: Robert Kardashian Aliamini OJ Simpson Dhamana ya mauaji	"Memoir anayekuja wa Caitlyn Jenner, Siri ya Maisha yangu, amepewa kitabu kama ""ambacho"" kinadhihirisha zamani zake kama anavyotazama hatma yake. "" Kama yeye anagusa mada kadhaa, kama ushindi wake wa Olimpiki na ndoa tatu zilizoshindwa, ufunuo ambao Robert Kardashian alidai alimwambia kuwa anaamini OJ Simpson alikuwa na hatia ya kumuua Nicole Brown Simpson na Ronald Goldman anatengeneza mawimbi."	Legit
Celebrity	Anadai Anne Hathaway alifanya madai ya 'diva' katika hafla ya uifadhili	ANNE Hathaway ameshtumiwa kwa kufanya kama diva na kuwasilisha orodha ndefu ya mahitaji kabla ya hafla ya kutoa saratani huko Santa Monica mapema mwezi huu.	Fake
Celebrity	QUEEN BEY Beyonce Apata Taylor Swift aliweza kutoka VMA	Agosti 27, 2016: Ikiwa ungekuwa unajiuliza ni nani mtu muhimu katika muziki - ni BEYONCE. Mwanzoni mwa wiki hii ilitangazwa kuwa Taylor Swift HAKUTA kufanya katika Tuzo za VMA za mwaka huu. Ell kulingana na ripoti alikuwa Beyonce ambaye alipigwa marufuku Taylor.	Fake
Celebrity	Mtarajiwa Kylie Jenner Ni mjumba wa 'kihisia' katika Kujificha, Chanzo Kifunua - 'Anahisi Ana peke Yake'	kofia mbaya zaidi ni kwamba msaada wake wa pekee, mama wa Krismasi Jenner hana wakati wa kushughulikia maigizo ya binti yake mdogo. Kulingana na ripoti mpya, msongo wa kulazimika kuendelea na ujauzito wake umekuwa ukimsumbua Kylie Jenner wa miaka 20.	Fake
Celebrity	Habari za Sh tano za giza: Jamie Dornan anafunua KWELI nyuma ya Dakota Johnson 'awkwardness'	Nyota wa nyota wa FIFTY SHADES Jamie Dornan amefunua uhusiano wake na nyota mwenza wa Dakota Johnson ni kama kweli - kukiri filamu ya kwanza ilikuwa kidogo upande wa bumpy.	Legit
Celebrity	"hoopi Goldberg New jeshi Rosie O'Donnell Katika Ar - Mvutano Juu ya ""Mtazamo,"" Kupambana Zaidi ya Mpangilio"	wiki chache tu hadi The View premieres iliyo na hoopi Goldberg na Rosie O'Donnell, RadarOnline.com imejifunza peke yake kuwa kwenye seti, sehemu hizo mbili tayari ziko tayari kwa nani atapata kiti cha msimamizi.	Fake
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson na Matawi ya FKA Chukua Cannes katika Dola Yake na ya Heri	Robert Pattinson na Matawi ya FKA mara chache hawafuati sheria za jadi za mitindo, na wakati wa jozi hiyo kugonga Cannes, walitoa karamu nyekundu wakati wa wanandoa wenye ujasiri. walipata Dior-her-her-Dior katika PREMIERE ya filamu ya hivi karibuni ya Pattinson, Wakati Wema, walionyesha pande mbili za chapa ya Ufaransa, na Pattinson, uso wa lebo, akienda vizuri kwenye suti nyeusi ya karatasi tatu na dapper Dior Homme nyeusi na Matawi akiamua ukaguzi katika vazi lililofunikwa na magazeti ya posta.	Legit
Celebrity	Chris Pratt na Anna Faris bila shaka wanaongeza Kidude cha Theatre	Chris Pratt na mtoto wa miaka minne wa Jack Faris, Jack, wanakua katika kile, kimsingi, darasa la maonyesho ya maigizo. hen Pratt alizungumza na Ellen DeGeneres kwenye maonyesho yake ya Ijumaa, alisema kwamba yeye na Faris, waigizaji wote wa kitaalam, huchukua uzazi, haswa wakati wa hadithi, kwa umakini mkubwa.	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie juu ya Cambodia 'kuamka'	"Angelina Jolie amezungumza juu ya jinsi Kambodia alivyokuwa ""kuamka"", wakati akihatarisha filamu yake mpya nchini."	Legit
Celebrity		Mimba mjamzito Kylie Jenner Anajitambua sana kuhusu Mwili wake Ubadilika, Chanzo cha Chanzo chasema	Fake
Celebrity	Tuzo za Mchana za Emmy za 2015: Betty hite, Ellen DeGeneres Wahusika zaidi	Inuka na uangaze wapenzi wa TV Ni wakati wa kusherehekea bora wakati wa mchana.	Legit
Celebrity	Laverne Cox na Rob Lowe wanapongeza Caitlyn Jenner kwa hotuba ya ESPYS	Watu mashuhuri ikiwa ni pamoja na LAVERNE COX, ROB LO E na SIMU ZA RUSSELL wamechukua kwa media ya kijamii kumpongeza CAITLYN JENNER kwa hotuba yake ya kukubalika kwa nguvu huko ESPYS usiku wa ednesday (15Jul15).	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Anapata Ziara ya kushangaza Kutoka kwa Hillary Clinton	Hivi karibuni, Hillary Clinton alimtembelea Malkia ... Bey, hiyo ni	Fake
Celebrity	"Leonardo DiCaprio Pia Alifurahiya Kuweka Hoteli ya ""Salvator Mundi,"" Milioni 100 da Vinci"	"Mtu anaweza kutarajia kupata Leonardo DiCaprio, Patti Smith, Alex Rodriguez, na Jennifer Lopez kwenye sherehe ile ile (sawa, wawili wa mwisho, labda), lakini wikendi hii, wote wanne walikuwa miongoni mwa waliokadiriwa kufikia 4 500 wa hakiki ya mnada kwenye Christie. Huko, walipata nafasi ya kupata macho kwenye ""Salvator Mundi,"" uchoraji wa Leonardo da Vinci hapo awali walidhani wamepotea ambayo inajazwa kama ""The Da da Vinci"" inayoongoza kwa mnada wake usiku wa leo."	Legit
Celebrity	Je, Tom Hiddleston's 'Inashangaza' mapenzi kuhusu Taylor Swift Amemgharimu kazi?	"Yikes, Tom Hiddleston na mapenzi ya Taylor Swift (showmance?) Sio kuwa na athari ambayo timu zao za PR zilikuwa zikitegemea, huku Tom akiripotiwa kupoteza mkataba mkubwa kutokana na onyesho la ""aibu""."	Fake
Celebrity	Mtu mpya wa Scarlett Johansson Amethibitisha kuwa Wanandana	Kutoka kwa wahariri wa HelloGiggles	Legit
Celebrity	Kathy Griffin anatabiri kazi imekwisha, anasema Trump 'alinivunja'	Kathy Griffin ambaye ni mwigaji aliyetawanyika alisema kuwa haogopi Donald Trump na mipango ya kuendelea kumdhihaki lakini alidharau kuwa anasikitikia video ambayo ilimwonyesha akiwa na sura ya rais aliyeachwa na damu.	Legit
Celebrity	Kurudisha kisasi Selena Gomez na Bloom ya Orlando Je, Inakua juu Ili Kumfanya Miranda Kerr Na Justin Bieber Wivu?	Wikiendi hii haikuwa mara ya kwanza kuona Selena Gomez na Orlando Bloom kwa pamoja, kwa hivyo unaweza kutuwalaumu kwa kudhani?	Fake
Celebrity	Kevin Hart na Eniko Parrish wakaribisha mtoto	Comedian alitoa habari Jumanne kwamba mkewe, Eniko Parrish, amezaa mtoto wao.	Legit
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson Mwishowe Amefanikiwa Sinema - Laana ya Jioni Zaidi? | Chafu chafu	"Robert Pattinson anafurahi kutokana na mafanikio ya filamu yake inayokuja, ""Wakati mzuri"". Filamu hiyo iliyoandaliwa katika Tamasha la Filamu la Cannes na sinema na muigizaji walipata msukumo wa kusimama kwa dakika sita. Kuna pia Oscar buzz amemzunguka Robert, huku wengine wakidhani anaweza kupokea uteuzi bora wa Mtaalam."	Fake
Celebrity	Jim Carrey Kwenye sayari nyingine Anafikiria Mgeni Aliyetawala Dunia	Comic Jim Carrey ni mfuasi wa lishe ya kula njama ya kooky ambaye anaamini spishi za mgeni zinaendesha ulimwengu hata wa lishe, nyota ya bubu na Dumba inapanga kwenda kwa umma na kujitolea kwake kwa nadharia ya ajabu ya David Icke	Fake
Celebrity	Mwongozo mkubwa wa mtindo wa Victoria Beckham: Posh Spice kuandika kitabu akiwaambia Brits jinsi ya mavazi	Posh amewekwa kutolewa kitabu mwaka ujao kuashiria miaka 10 katika biashara ya mitindo. Mbuni wa msichana aliyegeuzwa wa Spice anasemekana kuungana na mhariri wa Vogue wa Merika Anna intour. Wawili hao wamekuwa marafiki wa karibu katika miaka ya hivi karibuni, huku intour ikisema kuwa nguvu ya kuendesha nyuma ya mwongozo.	Fake
Celebrity	Mehgan James Azungumza juu ya Rumi za Rob Kardashian Za Kuchekesha	"Je! Rob Kardashian amepata boya mpya katika Bad Girls Club alum Mehgan James? Vyombo vya habari vilianza kuripoti wiki iliyopita kuwa Rob na Mehgan walikuwa katika ""hatua za mapema"" katika uhusiano wao, na mtu ambaye alikuwa ameingia ndani akimweleza In touch, ""Rob amekuwa akimuona Mehgan James kwa karibu miezi mitatu, na wengi wa Kardashians wanasikitika sana juu ya hilo kwa sababu Mehgan anajulikana kwa kuwa nje ya nguvu na tete. Wakardashi wanataka Rob apate mwanamke ambaye ni fadhili na utulivu. """	Legit
Celebrity	Je! Leonardo DiCaprio anapoteza hamu ya maisha ya upendo wakati wa msiba wa maisha ya watu wazima?	Jina la nyota ya Titanic hivi karibuni limetolewa na jarida na kudai kuwa nyota huyo mwenye umri wa miaka 43 anakuwa anti-kijamii siku kwa siku.	Fake
Celebrity	Kris Jenner Alimnyamaza Kimya Kimya Juu ya Mimba ya Kylie	Ikiwa haukujua tayari kuwa Kylie Jenner ni mjamzito, basi mimi niwe wa kwanza kukuambia: Kylie Jenner ni mjamzito	Legit
Celebrity	Sour Kumbuka Zayn Amelazimishwa Kuingia Kwenye Janga La Kutisha	RadarOnline.com imejifunza Zayn Malik na Shada za giza za Taylor Swift za Fifty giza zilitokea tu baada ya kulazimishwa kushirikiana na superstar.	Fake
Celebrity	Mapigano ya Brad Pitt ya Kutabasamu Katika hafla ya Hollywood Hile Custody vita ya kumsikia	Baada ya pambano refu la korti na mke wake wa zamani Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt alionekana akiwa na aura ya kupumzika na kutabasamu huko Malibu Jumamosi usiku.	Fake
Celebrity	"Julia Roberts na Danny Moder wanaweza Kuongozwa kwa Talaka: ""Shida Zinaendelea Kuongezeka"""	Sema sio hivyo	Fake
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner mchwa aachane na Ukoo wa Kardashian	Kendall Jenner yuko tayari kuendelea kutoka kwa familia yake maarufu In Touch amejifunza peke yake kwamba mtindo wa miaka 18 anataka kutoka kwa Kardashians kuendeleza kazi yake mwenyewe.	Fake
Celebrity	Jessica Simpson Aangaza Kitako chake kwa Siku ya kuzaliwa ya Eric Johnson: Pic	Chini ni zaidi ya Jessica Simpson akasherehekea siku ya kuzaliwa ya mumewe Eric Johnson miaka 38 kwa kushiriki zawadi ya ria kwa Instagram Jumapili, Septemba 17.	Legit
Celebrity	Kambi ya Melania inakataa ripoti ya eekly ya 'kitanda tofauti' cha Merika	Melania Trump ametoa agizo lake la mtendaji: Anakataa kushiriki kitanda na Donald Trump.	Legit
Celebrity	Mariah Carey katika mazungumzo ya The X Factor - ripoti	Mariah Carey yuko kwenye mazungumzo ya kujiunga na jalada la Hukumu la X Factor.	Legit
Celebrity	Chris Hemsworth's, Charlize Theron's watoto Alicheza Pamoja kwa 'Huntsman' Set	Mchezaji mwenza mzuri wa kushangaza Chris Hemsworth na Charlize Theron walifunua kwamba wote wawili walileta watoto wao kazini wakati walipokuwa wakiandaa filamu ya Huntsman: inter's ar, na ilibadilisha kabisa mienendo ya seti hiyo.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston: Mimi sio 'Mwanadamu wa kusikitisha, asiye na watoto'	Jennifer Aniston hana shaka kwamba mume Justin Theroux ndiye aliye kwake.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston anataka kuanzisha kituo cha ustawi	Jennifer Aniston anataka kufungua kituo cha ustawi katika siku zijazo. Nafasi ingekuwa nyumbani matibabu, kama vile cafe afya.	Legit
Celebrity	Maandishi ya Brad Pitt Jennifer Aniston nonstop: Anatafuta Msaada Mkubwa wa Kihemko Baada ya Talaka ya Angelina Jolie | Chafu chafu	"Brad Pitt na Jennifer Aniston wameripotiwa kupata mawasiliano tena kwa njia ya maandishi, ingawa vyanzo kutoka pande zote mbili zinajiangukia kufafanua kuwa ni ""maandishi tu"" na sio kitu chochote kikubwa zaidi."	Fake
Celebrity	kofia Cher Kweli Hula katika Siku ya Kukaa Kwa Kufaa Sana	Katika tuzo za Muziki wa Billboard, Cher alichukua hatua ya kupiga hits mbili zake kuu, na tulishangazwa na jinsi mpokeaji mzuri wa tuzo ya Billboard Icon anaonekana ana umri wa miaka 71.	Legit
Celebrity	Kate Middleton Prince illiam Jaribu Kuokoa Ndoa Kubaya?	Ikiwa ni kweli, uvumi unayo kwamba inaweza kuwa ni babu ya Prince illiamu ya Malkia Elizabeth. Imeripotiwa hapo awali kuwa hapendi njia za kawaida za Kate.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swilio kulia wakati wa Utendaji wa AMB Selena Gomez, Anapata Jicho Kubwa	"Taylor Swift alibubujikwa na machozi na utendaji wa kwanza wa Selena Gomez wa ""The Ants Moyo Ants""."	Legit
Celebrity	Prince illiam na Kate Middleton Kuhamia Kati ya Jumba la Kensington? | Chafu chafu	Prince illiam na Kate Middleton tayari wanafikiria juu ya kuhamia Jumba la Kensington. Hiyo ni kwa sababu illiamu hataki watoto wake Prince George na Princess Charlotte kukua nyuma ya kuta za ikulu. Badala yake, anawataka waishi maisha nje ya uangalizi na mbali na paparazzi iwezekanavyo.	Fake
Celebrity	"Brad Pitt ni ""Bado Anawasiliana"" na Ex Jennifer Aniston Kufuatia Talaka ya Angelina Jolie (REPORT)"	Ongea juu ya zawadi za marafiki	Fake
Celebrity	Hat's Kanye est's Hoja inayofuata?	Kuna kitu kinakosa. Je! Unaweza kuhisi? Twete kidogo katika ulimwengu, haraka na hila, lakini ishara dhahiri kwamba kitu katika ulimwengu kilibadilika. Ah, hii ndio nini - Kanye alifuta akaunti yake ya Twitter na Instagram.	Legit
Celebrity	Hapa kuna jinsi Kim Kardashian est, Kanye est, na North est Do eekend Sinema huko Mall	Kati ya safari kwenda Paris Fashion eek na Hke ya Ikea huko Uswidi, ests wamekuwa na wiki ya kazi. Lakini kama familia nyingi, wanapendelea kufanya wikendi karibu na nyumbani, na walitembelea duka lao huko Los Angeles jana, wakisimama na uwanja wa kujenga-A-Bear katika kuratibu mavazi.	Legit
Celebrity	Miranda Lambert anasherehekea Upendo wa Upendo kwa Mshindi wa Miaka 2 na Mchumba wa Anderson Mashariki	Miranda Lambert aliadhimisha kumbukumbu yake ya pili na Anderson Mashariki Jumanne kwa kushiriki snap tamu kwenye Instagram yake mwenyewe na beau lake la muziki wakishirikiana busu.	Legit
Celebrity	Vijana WANASEMA NICKI MINAJ NI 'JUU KUFANYA UPENDO, KUPATA PROPS': ATCH	Kupata sifa za juu kutoka kwa Nicki Minaj ni ndoto ya mtu yeyote, na msanii wa Kwanza wa Fuse Young MA ndiye aliyepata bahati wakati Minaj alipoingia kwenye kipindi cha redio cha Breakfast Club kuzungumza juu ya mchezeshaji Oktoba.	Legit
Celebrity	Huyu ndiye kofia Justin Bieber Alifanya badala ya kwenda kwenye Grammys	Licha ya kupata majina manne ya albamu yake Kusudi, Justin Bieber hakuwa na mipango ya kuhudhuria tuzo za Grammy mwaka huu. Badala ya kukaa nyumbani peke yake, hata hivyo, aliamua kwenda kwa Sushi, na aliwachukua mashabiki kwa safari ya hadithi yake ya Instagram. (Wasikilizaji wengine walimtwaa risasi chache za yeye akienda kwenye mgahawa na kuangalia kamili digrii ya digrii-360 ili kuona ni nini kuwa na chakula cha jioni na Justin.)	Legit
Celebrity	hat Jennifer Lopez Alifunuliwa tu na Ellen Kuhusu Kutana na Vijana wa Drake	"Jennifer Lopez alisimamishwa na ""Ellen DeGeneres Show,"" ambapo Ellen alimweka kwenye kiti moto kuuliza juu ya uhusiano wake na Drake na uvumi ambao anapenda uchumbiane na wanaume wachanga."	Legit
Celebrity	Gwen Stefani anarudi kwa 'Sauti,' lakini vipi kuhusu Miley Cyrus?	"Gwen Stefani yuko tayari kurudi kwenye kiti cha moto kwenye ""Sauti,"" lakini ni mwenyekiti gani anayetwaa?"	Legit
Celebrity	ild Rumor: Justin Bieber Alifuta safari yake ya Kusudi Kuanzisha Kanisa Lake mwenyewe	"Justin Bieber alishtua jamii ya Waumini ulimwenguni kote jana wakati ghafla akafuta mabaki ya safari yake ya Kusudi. Bieber alikuwa na maonyesho 14 ya kushoto, pamoja na kadhaa huko Amerika na Asia. Mpiga picha alimshika Wabie jana huko LA, na akaelezea alihitaji mapumziko baada ya miezi 16 ya kutembelea. ""Ndio, kila kitu kiko sawa, ndio"" alimwambia mtu kwenye kamera. ""Nimekuwa kwenye ziara ya miaka mbili. Ni [kunyoosha kwa muda mrefu], ndio. Ndio. [Ninatazamia] kupumzika, kupata mapumziko, nitaendesha baiskeli kadhaa."""	Legit
Celebrity	'Nilikuwa ninaumia sana': Brad Pitt anaongea juu ya mgawanyiko kutoka kwa Angelina Jolie	"Brad Pitt amefunguka kuwa alikuwa ""akiumwa sana"" na ameelezea jinsi alilala kwenye sakafu ya rafiki kwa wiki sita baada ya mgawanyiko wake kutoka kwa Angelina Jolie kwa sababu ilikuwa ""ya kusikitisha sana"" kurudi nyumbani."	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Akijaribu Kuiba Pesa za Kanye kupitia Mpango wa Ufahari wa Prenup?	Je! Kim Kardashian anajaribu kuiba pesa za Kanye est pamoja na umaarufu wake? Kulingana na ripoti mpya kutoka kwa Star, Kim anamshughulikia prenup yake kwa Kanye kama shughuli ya biashara, ambayo labda ni uamuzi wa busara. Wacha tuwe wakweli - ndoa hii itaendelea hadi lini? Miaka miwili? Miaka mitano? Tayari amepitia hii rodeo mara moja, na anajua kuwa mwishowe, ataishia kupata pesa za Kanye ikiwa atacheza kadi zake sawa. Swali la pekee ni - ni kiasi gani?	Fake
Celebrity	Je! Kupitishwa kwa Angelina Jolie bandia ya Maddox Jolie Pitt? Ndani ya Madai ya Mshtuko	Angelina Jolie ni maarufu kwa kupitisha watoto kutoka ulimwenguni kote, lakini je! Alipata mtoto wake wa kwanza, Maddox, kwa kutumia hati za uwongo? Baba wa kweli wa Kambodi wa Maddox amekuja na madai ya kushtua kwamba Jolie hana nguvu ya kisheria ya wakili juu ya umri wa miaka 15.	Fake
Celebrity	Katie Holmes na Jamie Foxx Wameonekana Wameacha Kitendo Chao cha Nyanja	"Kwa zaidi ya miaka minne, uvumi umemzunguka Katie Holmes, Jamie Foxx, na mapenzi yao dhahiri ya chini ya rada. Kwa jozi ya watu mashuhuri wameweza kuepusha kamera kwa miaka, ingawa katika mwaka uliopita walionekana kuwa wakifanya juhudi kidogo kujificha, hata walipoonekana Mei wakipanda ndege ya kibinafsi huko Paris, ambapo Foxx alikuwa akiandaa filamu Robin Hood. Wakati huo huo, tabloids zilidai kwamba wawili walikuwa ""tayari kufanya umma."""	Legit
Celebrity	Nyumba za Marehemu za Usiku Kujibu kwa Habari za PU za OJ Simpson	OJ Simpson alipewa msamaha Alhamisi, baada ya kutumikia kifungo cha karibu miaka tisa jela kwa wizi wa kutumia silaha na kushambuliwa kwa silaha, na TV ya marehemu usiku ilikuwa na mengi ya kusema juu yake.	Legit
Celebrity	Miley na Liam Kupambana? Uvumi wa uwongo Unaibuka kuwa wako kwenye uchujo juu ya ujazo uliowekwa	Je! Miley Cyrus na Liam Hemsworth wanapigania? Ripoti mpya inadai kwamba Cyrus na Hemsworth walikuwa na pambano kubwa juu ya ujawazito wao walipokuwa wakifanya mipango yao ya harusi.	Legit
Celebrity	Lady Gaga Atangaza Nyaraka za Netflix, Anaongea Madonna Feud	"Lady Gaga yuko tayari kufungua. Mwimbaji ""Joanne"" ana hati halisi inayoitwa Gaga: Miguu mitano ya Ofisi ya Netflix mnamo Septemba 22."	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian anashindwa kumpongeza Beyonce juu ya habari za mapacha wakati BFF Chrissy Teigen anaonekana kutukana tangazo la superstar	Nyota ya kweli haikujiunga na orodha ya nyota inayotangaza furaha yao juu ya habari njema ya Bey	Legit
Celebrity	Je Beyonce Alizaa Mapacha Wake? Madai mapya ya ripoti Yeye Alifanya tu	Je! Beyonce alikuwa na mapacha wake tu? Uvumi umekuwa ukiruka kwamba Malkia Bey alizaa mtoto wa kike wa kupendeza na msichana mzuri Jumamosi, Mei 20, kulingana na ripoti mpya ya kufurahisha	Fake
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie anawafungulia watu juu ya mwaka wake mgumu ':' Mimi ni Mdogo sana	Mengi yamebadilika kwa mwaka uliopita katika maisha ya Angelina Jolie, lakini jambo moja limebaki mara kwa mara - kujitolea kwake kwa watoto wake.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian: Nude Cookbook kwenye ay?	Sio kila mtu ni shabiki wa Kim Kardashian na / au vitabu anavyojifanya anaandika.	Fake
Celebrity	Keith Urban Wivu: Nicole Kidman Amkubali Alipokea HBO Ili kumtupia Alexander Skarsgard Kama Upendo Wake wa Upendo | Chafu chafu	Nicole Kidman anafafanua wazi kwamba alitaka sana Alexander Skarsgard kutupwa kama mumewe katika 'Ndogo za Uongo.' Nicole anaongoza kwenye safu mpya ya maigizo ya HBO pamoja na Reese itherspoon, Shailene oodley na Laura Dern. Kipindi hicho kinasimulia hadithi ya akina mama watatu ambao wanajaribu kuendelea baada ya janga ambalo karibu likaharibu maisha yao.	Fake
Celebrity	Je! Kendall, Kylie Jenner na Gigi, Bella Hadid waliongoza kwa mazungumzo mabaya?	Inaonekana kama kesi ya vita vya nduguze. Wawili wa watoto wa ndugu maarufu - Kendall, Kylie na Bella, Gigi - wameripotiwa kuwa katika hatihati ya udadisi mbaya.	Fake
Celebrity	Tayari Swift's 'Replication': Uvumi wote juu ya Joe Alwyn, Kanye est na Tom Hiddleston	Katika utangulizi wa majarida yake mawili ya Replication-themed, ambayo yana picha, ushairi na nyimbo zilizoandikwa kwa mikono kusherehekea kutolewa kwa albamu yake ya sita, Swift alilaani hadithi za habari ambazo haziepukiki ambazo zinadhani kwa malengo ya maneno yake.	Legit
Celebrity	"Katie Holmes na Jamie Foxx Wanatoka Kama Kitu, Baada ya ""Tom Cruise Ban"" Kuisha"	Sasa hapa kuna kitu cha kuruka juu na chini juu ya kitanda cha.	Fake
Celebrity	Tamaa ya Kate Middleton Kuokoa Prince illiam Ndoa: Haiwezi Kuachana na Njia Maisha ya Kifalme | Chafu chafu	Kate Middleton anaweza kuwa na hasira na mumewe Prince illiam kwa aibu familia yao na densi yake ya ajabu na kunywa wakati wa safari yake ya kuzunguka ski, na uvumi wote wa kudanganya, lakini hiyo haimaanishi kuwa atakuwa akimpa talaka wakati wowote hivi karibuni. Kwa kweli, Duke na Duchess ya Cambridge walijaribu kushawishi kila mtu kuwa bado wako wazimu katika mapenzi wakati wa safari yao kwenda Paris wikendi hii.	Fake
Celebrity	"ROSIE O FLEES CRAZY ""NYUMBANI IVES"" WAZIRI"	"Run ROSIE RUN - nyuma kabisa kwenye ""Maoni"" HY?"	Fake
Celebrity	Julia Roberts Cuddles Hadi Danny Moder Mbele ya Mechi yao ya 15 ya edding	Julia Roberts na mumewe Danny Moder walionekana kwenye safari ya kawaida huko Malibu, CA, Jumamosi alasiri. Wenzi hao, ambao wanaendelea na miaka 15 ya ndoa mnamo Julai, walijionesha kwa upendo wakati wanafunga mikono yao kila mmoja na Julia alionekana akinong'oneza kitu kwenye sikio la Danny. habari hatujawaona wanandoa wakiwa nje na karibu kwa pamoja tangu Novemba, Julia alifanya historia mnamo Aprili wakati aliitwa Oman wa Kupendeza Zaidi kwa mara ya tano. Ilifunuliwa pia mapema wiki hii kuwa Julia atarudi kwenye skrini kubwa katika muundo wa Crystal City Entertainment wa The Bookseller. Julia sio nyota tu katika filamu, lakini pia atatengeneza mradi huo kando na Lisa Gillan, Marisa Yeres Gill, Jonathan Rubenstein, na Ari Pinchot.	Legit
Celebrity	Diva ya Diva ya ndani ya siri ya Caitlyn Jenner Siri ya cyber Hookups	RadarOnline.com imejifunza peke yake kwamba Caitlyn Jenner anachunguza ujinsia wake mkondoni na amekuwa akifurahia safu ya siri za utulizaji wa siri kwenye mtandao.	Fake
Celebrity	Michelle Obama wazi kwa upasuaji wa plastiki, sindano za Botox	Kama mwanamke wa kwanza Michelle Obama anajiandaa kugeuza 50 mnamo Ijumaa, haitoi uamuzi kuwa kazi fulani itafanywa usoni mwake katika siku zijazo.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyoncé Anahudumia Upeo wa Tabasamu katika mkutano wa Serena illiams na Alexis Ohanian	"hen yeye anaona watu wawili ""Crazy katika Upendo,"" Beyoncé anaweza kusaidia lakini tabasamu."	Legit
Celebrity	Malia Obama Ana Barack Na Michelle orried - Je! Anaweza Kushughulikia Maisha peke yake katika jiji la New York?	Malia Obama, 18, anarekebisha maisha yake mapya nje ya Jumba la Nyumba na mabadiliko sio rahisi kushughulikia kwa wazazi wake maarufu - Rais wa zamani Barack Obama na Mwanadada wa Kwanza wa Rais, Michelle Obama.	Fake
Celebrity	Nyota nyingi Kuhesabu Msaada Simama hadi Saratani	Mizigo mingi ya nyota ilitoka kwa hafla ya Hollywood kusimama hadi Saratani huko LA Jumanne usiku. Mfadhili, ambayo ilishikiliwa na Reese itherspoon na mumeo, Jim Toth, walileta wenzi nzuri kama Diane Kruger na Joshua Jackson na Jessica Alba na Cash arren, na Selena Gomez, Drew Barrymore, na Gwyneth Paltrow. Gwyneth mwenyewe amekuwa msaidizi wa muda mrefu wa programu ya Stand Up to Cancer tangu baba yake, Bruce Paltrow, alikufa na saratani ya mapafu mnamo 2002.	Legit
Celebrity	Hapa kuna Jinsi Brad Pitt Anahisi Kuhusu Donald Trump kama Rais	Kama mtu wa kusini alizaliwa Oklahoma na kukulia huko Missouri, Brad Pitt anatoka mahali ambapo kwa kawaida watu wanamuunga mkono Donald Trump na wizi wake katika Uchaguzi wa Rais wa 2016.	Legit
Celebrity	Tyga Kufunua Ukweli wa Ugly juu ya Kylie Jenner na Kardashians katika Kitabu kipya cha Waambie, Wamiliki Watii	"Tyga na Kylie Jenner wameifanya kwa Splitsville, kulingana na E News, na inaonekana kama mambo yanaweza kuwa mabaya siku za usoni. Ingawa uhusiano huo unaripotiwa kumalizika, haionekani kama hizo mbili zimeisha kwa masharti ya kupendeza, na mambo yameanza kuwasha. Kulingana na Perez Hilton, Tyga anaripotiwa kupanga kupanga kitabu cha habari baada ya mapumziko yake makubwa na Kylie. Wako ndani karibu na rapper ya ""Make It Nast"" wameacha maelezo machache juu ya kitabu kijacho cha uvumi."	Fake
Celebrity	Kambi ya Taylor Swift inakanusha kwamba mwimbaji anaanzisha huduma yake ya utiririshaji	Chanzo karibu na Taylor Swift kimeripotiwa kukanusha maoni kwamba mwimbaji anastahili kuzindua huduma yake ya utangazaji.	Legit
Celebrity	Heidi Klum na Seal Kuwa na Rafiki ya Kuungana tena kwenye Tuzo za Muziki za Billboard 2016	Heidi Klum na Seal zilikuwa mfano wa maonyesho ya kirafiki kwenye usiku wa Jumapili ya Billboard Music Awar Jumapili.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber hujifurahisha mwenyewe baada ya kutoka na alama ya mvua	Ajali hufanyika, lakini nyota hii haina huruma juu yake.	Fake
Celebrity	Jane Fonda hakutaka kuzungumza juu ya upasuaji wa plastiki na Megyn Kelly	"Fonda alionekana na Robert Redford kwenye ""Megyn Kelly Leo"" kwenye edesnday kukuza filamu yao mpya, ""Nafsi zetu Usiku."" Lakini mahojiano yalichukua zamu dakika kidogo wakati Kelly aligeuza mazungumzo na hadithi hizo mbili kuwa mada ya uzee."	Legit
Celebrity	Halle Berry cheche uvumi wa ujauzito baada ya kuonyesha mapema kwa mtoto kwenye carpet nyekundu	Halle Berry, 50, amesababisha uvumi kuwa anatarajia mtoto wake wa tatu baada ya kujadili ni kitu gani kinachoonekana kama 'bonge la mtoto' kwenye carpet nyekundu kwenye Mpira wa Kipepeo wa Kifurushi cha 16 cha Chrysalis huko Los Angeles.	Fake
Celebrity	"Miley Cyrus anafikiria juu ya Kuvunja kwake Liam Hemsworth: ""Mimi kama kwenye Njia Iliyofaa"""	"Hivi karibuni Miley Cyrus amemwachisha single yake mpya, ""Malibu,"" ambayo imethibitishwa wazi na uhusiano wake uliorudiwa tena na Liam Hemsworth, na wakati wa mahojiano na SiriusXM's Hits 1 huko Hollywood mapema wiki hii, mwimbaji huyo wa miaka 24 alifunguka zaidi juu yake 2013 kugawanyika kutoka kwa Liam. ""Nadhani - ninajua - kwamba kila kitu kinatokea kwa sababu sahihi, na nilijua kuwa wakati hatuko pamoja kwa mara ya kwanza,"" Miley alisema juu ya ushauri ambao angempa mdogo wake. ""Sikujua kama huo ulikuwa mwisho wake, au ikiwa tutarudi pamoja tena, lakini nilijua kuwa kila mahali nilikuwa naenda, nilikuwa kwenye njia sahihi."""	Legit
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus na Liam Hemsworth Labda Alipata Siri-Kuolewa Aprili Mwisho	"Mnamo Septemba, Miley Cyrus aliambia The Sun Jumapili kwamba yeye na mchumba wake Liam Hemsworth hawakuwa na mipango ya harusi wakati wowote hivi karibuni. ""Sifikirii ndoa,"" aliiambia The Sun Jumapili. ""Nina miaka 24. Natarajia kuishi kidogo zaidi. Ninaishi sana kabla ya kuoana."" (Mama yake Tish Cyrus alisema ukweli huo wakati alipoulizwa juu ya kufafanuliwa kwa Miley-Liam mnamo Juni, pia.)"	Fake
Celebrity	Miongozo mpya ya Miongozo Moja: miradi ya solo inatuambia nini?	Asubuhi hii, Liam Payne ya Direction moja ilidondoka, imeshika kasi, ambayo inaweza kuelezewa kama kitu ambacho hakika kipo.	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner Marufuku Kutoka NBA Juu ya Laana ya Kardashian	Kendall Jenner anatarajia kumuona mtu wake mpya akicheza kortini msimu huu, lakini wakubwa wa NBA wanacheza mpira mgumu na modeli wa miaka 21 wa Leggy	Fake
Celebrity	Josh Duhamel alikuwa juu ya Fergie 'kuwa nyota mwamba tena'	"Josh Duhamel alikuwa amechoka na ""mke wake wa nyota"" wa Fergie ""kuagana"" kabla ya kutengana kwao, tunaambiwa."	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston Alidanganywa On Brad Pitt it Matt LeBlanc hile ndoa? - Ripoti	Brad Pitt, mwenye umri wa miaka 51, labda sio yeye tu aliye na macho ya kuteleza wakati wa ndoa yake na Jennifer Aniston, 46. Mahojiano mapya ya kulipuka na baba wa Matt LeBlanc, Paul LeBlanc, yanaonyesha kwamba mwigizaji huyo alimdanganya mwenzake wa wakati huo nae Marafiki wa zamani-nyota kabla Brad hajakutana na Angelina Jolie, 40, kwenye seti ya Mr. na Bibi Smith	Fake
Celebrity	Siri ya Angalia Ellen DeGeneres	"Msanii wa Makeup Pati Dubroff ameshirikiana na Ellen DeGeneres kwenye kampeni za matangazo na mitindo ya kueneza mitindo, kwa hivyo alijua ni dhahiri sura gani itafanya kazi vizuri kwa mwenyeji wa kipindi cha show ya Shape Mei bima ya asili na inakumbukwa na rangi tu. Alitumia sifongo nyepesi nyepesi ili kumaliza ngozi ya mfano wetu kwa kugusa tu ya CoverGirl Concealer na Corrector asiye na umri. ""Ngozi ya Ellen tayari ina mwanga wa asili, kwa hivyo haitaji mapambo mengi,"" anasema Pati. Sio sote tuliobarikiwa na ngozi kama ya ujana, lakini unaweza kupata uboreshaji wa kushangaza kama wa Ellen na vidokezo hivi vya kupambana na uzee kutoka kwa pro pro:"	Legit
Celebrity	Anna Faris Anahisi Kuwa Msiba Kwa sababu ya Ushirika wa Mumewe na Jennifer Lawrence Je, Chris Pratt Analaumiwa? - Uvumi wa moja kwa moja	Jennifer Lawrence, ambaye ni moyo wa mamilioni ya wavulana, hivi karibuni aliwashangaza mashabiki wake wote. ell haikuwapo kwenye sinema, lakini kutoka kwa habari; badala yake tunasema uvumi kuwa na uhusiano na Chris Pratt. Mawazo ya sisi wengi hukomesha kwa sababu ya maelezo haya ya juu ya madai, lakini baadaye wote wawili walikataliwa kabisa. Kama chaguo la Jennifer, amechagua kuwa single kwa sasa; wakati Chris tayari amefungwa na Anna Faris. Faris anahisi kutokuwa na usalama kwa sababu ya habari hizi bandia zinazowasha tabloids juu ya upendo kati ya mumewe Chris na Jennifer. ell, ni kweli au sivyo, tutaifunika katika nakala hii	Fake
Celebrity	Drake Aalika Taylor Swift Kukaa Katika Nyumba Yake Baada Ya Kushtushwa Kwa Ajali	"""Taylor [Swift] akiwa ameshapangwa na kuteleza juu ya hali hiyo haokaa vizuri kwa Drake. Ana joto sana kuwa ana chakula cha mchana anaingia kwenye nafasi yake ya kibinafsi, na akamwambia atatuma wavulana wake wachache kutunza macho yake na kuwa walinzi wake. Kwa kweli amekuwa akimfariji Yeye anamwambia kila kitu kitaenda sawa na anataka kuhakikisha kuwa anahisi salama na yuko nje hadharani."	Fake
Celebrity	Ni juu ya Jennifer Lawrence Darren Aronofsky's Moto Fling Cools ALREADY	Jennifer Lawrence na Darren Aronofsky tayari wameanza baridi na kuchukua mapumziko kutoka kwa mapenzi yao makali, RadarOnline.com inaweza kufunua peke yake.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian anaonyesha kupoteza nywele kwa kushangaza baada ya 'kutegemea magugu'	Mashabiki wa kushoto wamebaki kijani na wivu shukrani kwa kupoteza kwake uzito wa baada ya uja uzito.	Fake
Celebrity	Prince Harry anahamia Amerika kupata Tuta	Prince Harry anasonga katika bwawa - na ana mipango mikubwa ya kupata mke huko Merika	Fake
Celebrity		Kanye est Alimkasirisha Taylor Swift Marejeleo wa Wizi wa Kim Kardashian Katika Video ya Muziki	Fake
Celebrity	rad Pitt anahudhuria tamasha la hisani na Sting kwa sura ya nadra ya umma kufuatia mgawanyiko kutoka kwa Angelina Jolie	Brad Pitt aliwekwa tena uwanjani Jumamosi baada ya kuweka hadhi ndogo kwa miezi kufuatia mgawanyiko wake kutoka kwa Angelina Jolie.	Legit
Celebrity	"Upande wa Hadithi ya Brad Pitt: Yeye 'Hajapiga' Maddox kama Pigano la Ndege na Angelina Jolie 'Alishindwa na Nguvu, ""Chanzo Chanzo cha Habari"	Brad Pitt hakugombana na mtoto wake Maddox wakati wa mabishano ya moto wa katikati ya ndege na Angelina Jolie wiki iliyopita, kulingana na chanzo na ufahamu wa hali hiyo.	Legit
Celebrity	Taylor Swift Matumizi ya Mamilioni ya Dollars juu ya Mpenzi Mpya, Joe Alwyn: Habari za Uongo au Kweli? | Chafu chafu	Mshirikina wa pop Taylor Swift anunua mchumba mpya Joe Alwyn na kupora mamilioni ya dola kwenye mpenzi wake kulingana na ripoti kadhaa. Taylor daima imekuwa mpokeaji mkubwa wa pesa katika mahusiano yake yote. Ijapokuwa wenzi wa zamani kama Jake Gyllenhaal, John Mayer, Tom Hiddleston, na Calvin Harris walikuwa mamilionea, akaunti zao za benki bado zililinganishwa na hesabu ya Taylor inayokadiriwa kuwa na thamani ya milioni 300.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lawrence 'akavua nguo uchi na kumtaka Kanye est akampamba' baada ya kunywa martinis tano kwenye nyumba ya Kris Jenner	Jennifer Lawrence aliishia uchi katika wodi ya Kris Jenner baada ya kuangusha martinis tano.	Fake
Celebrity	Samahani ASAP Rocky, Kendall Jenner Ana Mpango wa Tamaa kwa Kurudisha Mitindo ya Harry	Kendall Jenner ni mchumba rapper ASAP Rocky, lakini kwa mujibu wa chanzo, ameandaa mpango wa kumrudisha zamani wake, Harry Mitindo yote anayopaswa kufanya ni kile anachofanya bora - tuma nud	Fake
Celebrity	Kirsten Dunst ghafla huvunja machozi katika sherehe ya Filamu ya Cannes	Alipata kutambuliwa ulimwenguni kwa jukumu lake katika Mahojiano na The Vampire akiwa na umri wa miaka 12, kwa hivyo yeye sio mgeni kuamuru umakini juu ya carpet nyekundu.	Fake
Celebrity	Glenn Karibu anakanusha kwamba alifunga Meryl Streep kucheza na Hillary Clinton	Sahau kile ulichosikia: Glenn Karibu hajaweka Meryl Streep kucheza na Hillary Clinton katika sinema inayokuja kuhusu maisha ya Katibu wa zamani wa Rais na matumaini ya rais.	Legit
Celebrity	DALILI YA AMALI NI DALILI ZA KIUME MUHIMU KATIKA LONDON	Utasamehewa kwa kufikiria mwanamke mwenye nguvu zaidi katika London anaweza kuwa Taji za Cambridge, au hata supermodel Kate Moss. Kwa kweli, ni bibi mpya wa George Clooney ambaye amechukua nafasi ya juu.	Legit
Celebrity	Mfano wa Ndoto? Khloe mchwa ili kumkubali binti wa Rob	Khloe Kardashian ameunda uhusiano mkubwa na Ndoto yake, amewaambia kaka yake Rob anataka kumchukua, RadarOnline.com amejifunza peke yake.	Fake
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner: hy Anaacha 'KU TK' Lakini Anabaki Fahari ya onyesho la mbali la Kylie	Kendall Jenner anaendelea kujitenga na jukwaa la kweli la show ambalo lilifanya familia yake kuwa na jina la kaya, na vyanzo vikisisitiza kwamba mfano huo unataka kuwa na kazi halali.	Fake
Celebrity	Daktari wa upasuaji wa Plaza ya Kylie Jenner Ana ujumbe Kuhusu Filamu zake	ficha mtandao unatafuta dalili juu ya uwezekano wa uja uzito wa Kylie Jenner (pamoja na ujauzito wa Khloé Kardashian na ujauzito uliothibitishwa wa Kim Kardashian), angalau mtu mmoja amejiuliza, ni nini kuhusu wahusika maarufu wa filamu maarufu kama mdomo?	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner kulia juu ya utangazaji wa matangazo ya Pepsi katika 'Kuweka Up kwa mkutano wa Kardashians'	Unakumbuka biashara ya viziwi ya Pepsi ya Kendall Jenner mnamo Aprili? Ile iliyowakasirisha watu, kwa sababu iliagiza picha kutoka kwa Maandamano Matusi ya kuuza Soda?	Legit
Celebrity	Eeknd kama Mikono ya kushikilia iliyotengwa kwa Justin Bieber's Ex	Ikiwa wewe ni msomaji dhabiti wa Amerika, inaweza kuonekana kuwa kuna watu kadhaa tu huko Hollywood, kwani wote wanauana. Ni kama digrii sita za kujitenga na Kevin Bacon, tu kwa watendaji walio na senti kwa chai inayofaa na wakufunzi wa kiuno, ambapo Scott Disick ndio sababu ya kuunganisha.	Fake
Celebrity	Victoria Beckham na Anna intour kati ya wale waliotajwa kwenye orodha ya Waheshimiwa Mwaka Mpya	Kiongozi wa tenisi wa ulimwengu wa kwanza Andy Murray amekabidhiwa ukuu katika orodha ya Waheshimu wa Mwaka Mpya wa Malkia - kumfanya kuwa Mdogo wa Sir katika nyakati za kisasa - pamoja na mwanariadha Mo Farah na mpanda farasi wa kuanza mazoezi Lee Lee Pearson. Heptathlete Jessica Ennis-Hill na mpanda farasi Katherine Grainger wametajwa majina.	Legit
Celebrity	Huyu ni hy Taylor Swift Anaruka Tuzo za Muziki za Video za MTV za 2016	Kuna nafasi tupu katika chati ya viti vya VMAs mwaka huu, mtoto. Taylor Swift hatakuhudhuria Tuzo za Muziki za Video za MTV Jumapili, Agosti 28, vyanzo vingi vinathibitisha kwa sisi kwa kweli.	Legit
Celebrity	"Obama Anasema Kuacha Malia Kwenye Chuo kama ""Kama upasuaji wa moyo-wazi"""	Baada ya Malia Obama kwenda Chuo Kikuu cha Harvard mwezi uliopita, baba yake hakuweza kuzuia machozi.	Legit
Celebrity	'Wivu' Kim Anajaribu Kuiba Uangalizi wa Mtoto wa Beyonce	habari Bey Hive ilikuwa buzzz jana juu ya habari ya mtoto wa Beyonce, RadarOnline.com imejifunza kuwa Kim Kardashian alikuwa busy na mpango wake mwenyewe wa kuiba nyuma uangalizi	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez na Alex Rodriguez wanauana, na uvumi unakuja kwa moto	Jennifer Lopez na shujaa wa hivi karibuni wa shujaa wa baseball Alex Rodriguez wanauana, kulingana na ripoti ambazo zimekuwa zikiongezeka wiki nzima.	Legit
Celebrity		Ndani ya Ben Affleck na likizo ya Familia ya Jennifer Garner's kule Bahamas, Miezi Mili Baada ya Kuweka Faida kwa Talaka.	Legit
Celebrity	Kathy Griffin anahisi 'kusalitiwa' na Anderson Cooper baada ya kufwatua CNN	hathy Kathy Griffin anaendelea na harakati zake za huruma baada ya kudhoofisha dhoruba ya kukosoa kwa picha yake ya kutisha ya Trump, vyanzo vinasema kwamba yeye ni jinsi Anderson Cooper alivyoachana naye kutoka kwenye matangazo yake ya Mwaka Mpya wa CNN kama viazi moto.	Fake
Celebrity		Inga inamwonya Angelina dhidi ya kutumia miiba ya kumrudisha nyuma Brad	Fake
Celebrity	KIJINSI: HIYO ILLAMU, KATE, NA GEORGE ZILIVYOBORA KWA ATHARI YA MWEZI-MUDA	Wametumia siku mbili za mwisho kuunga mkono Great Britain kwenye Michezo ya Jumuiya ya Madola huko Glasgow, lakini __ illiam__and __Kate__can wanatarajia kutarajia mwezi mzuri mnamo Agosti.	Legit
Celebrity	Memoir wa Caitlyn Jenner Ameripotiwa Kukabidhiwa Sinema za Ardhi, Rob Lowe Anaweza Kumchezea	"Ripoti zinasema kuwa muigizaji wa 'Jinsi ya kuwa Mpenzi wa Kilatini' kwa sasa yuko kwenye mazungumzo ya kucheza onyesho la kweli kwenye sinema inayowezekana kulingana na wimbo wake mpya wa ""Siri za Maisha yangu '."	Fake
Celebrity	Je, Jared Leto, 45, anamponda Paris mwenye umri wa miaka 19?	"Jared Leto ana jicho lake kwa jambo jipya: Paris mwenye umri wa miaka 19 Paris duo alivuka njia kwenye sherehe ya Harper's Bazaar Icons huko NYC mnamo Septemba 8, ambapo muigizaji, 45, ""hakika alikuwa akimcheza, ""Anasema mtu wa ndani. ""Alikuwa akitazama macho yake moja kwa moja wakati alikuwa anaongea na walikuwa wamesimama karibu sana. Waliongea kwa muda mrefu na alikuwa akicheka sana. "" Bado, mshindi wa Oscar aliibuka, kwani mwishowe Paris aliondoka kuwa na marafiki zake - ingawa sio kabla ya Jared snuck katika busu kwenye shavu lake Kuongeza ndani: ""Ilikuwa dhahiri kwamba alikuwa mtu bora kwa yeye, tofauti za umri zinahukumiwa."""	Fake
Celebrity	"""Kuogopa sana kulipuka 'kama Kim Kardashian' Kama Kanye atakimbia Rais: Yeye ni"" Mzito Sana """	"""Kanye [est] anaongea zaidi na zaidi juu ya kujiingiza katika siasa, lakini Kim [Kardashian] anasita sana kwa yeye kuendelea na njia hiyo. Ana wasiwasi sana juu ya aina ya chuki ambayo ingezingatia yeye na familia yao ikiwa kabla ya wizi, hakuwa na hofu, lakini sasa anaishi kwa hofu ya kawaida. Kama Kanye atagombea urais, hofu hizo zitalipuka, ""chanzo kiliambia HollywoodLife.com KIASI ZAIDI."	Fake
Celebrity	atch mshangao mzuri wa Barack Obama kwa Michelle kwenye miaka yao ya 25	Tayari anafahamika kwa ujumbe wake mtamu kwa mkewe siku za kuzaliwa na likizo, Barack Obama alienda kubwa kwa sherehe yake ya 25 ya harusi na Michelle Jumanne.	Legit
Celebrity	"Timu ya Mafuta ya Kim Kardashian Ili Kumsaidia Kuwa Zaidi ya ""Siasa"" - ""Nitazungumza Zaidi juu ya Maswala ya Siasa '"	Nyota ya TV ya ukweli anayeshindana na kweli anataka kubadilisha sifa yake. nimejifunza kuwa Kim Kardashian anataka kuwa na picha zaidi ya kisiasa na tayari anafanya hatua chache za kwanza katika mwelekeo huo.	Fake
Celebrity	PICS ZA KIZAZI: Picha za kwanza za Ariana Grande tangu shambulio la Manchester	Ariana Grande wa kihemko alionekana kwa mara ya kwanza tangu shambulio la kigaidi kwenye tamasha lake la Manchester Jumatatu alipogusa katika mji wake wa Boca Raton, Florida.	Fake
Celebrity	'Ilikuwa ni muda mrefu kuja': Heidi Klum anamaliza ndoa ya miaka saba juu ya hasira ya Seal 'hasira'	"Seal na Heidi Klum walisisitiza mgawanyiko wao ulikuwa wa ""huruma"" jana licha ya ripoti kwamba supermodel hawawezi tena kuvumilia na busu kutoka kwa hasira ya volka ya mwimbaji wa Rose."	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston juu ya Maonyesho ya Sawa Hayo Alikuwa nayo Na Uvumi wa ujauzito	"Mnamo Julai, Jennifer Aniston alizungumza kwa nguvu dhidi ya uvumi wa mara kwa mara wa ujauzito kuhusu yeye ambaye amezunguka kwa miaka yote, katika kipindi cha Huffington Post. ""Kwa rekodi, mimi si mjamzito,"" aliandika ndani yake. ""Kofia nimechoshwa. Nimechoshwa na uchunguliaji-kama mchezo na mazoezi ya mwili ambayo hufanyika kila siku chini ya habari ya 'uandishi wa habari,' 'Marekebisho ya Kwanza,' na 'habari za watu mashuhuri.'"""	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian est anathibitisha mtoto njiani	"Kim Kardashian aligundua video Alhamisi kutoka kwa msimu mpya wa mfululizo wa familia yake ""Kuweka Kardashians."""	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez Na Jennifer Aniston Tarehe Mbili: Maoni ya Jen Kuhusu eeknd ere Uwongo	Selena Gomez hivi sasa ni mchumba. Rafiki yake mkubwa Jennifer Aniston anamuunga mkono lakini uhusiano wao wakati mwingine huwalenga na watalaamu wa uvumi.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Jay-Z Kuajiri Timu ya zamani ya Huduma ya Siri ya Rais Obama	Wana shida 99, lakini usalama sio moja Beyoncé na Jay-Z waliuliza maelezo ya huduma ya siri ya Rais wa zamani Barack Obama kusaidia kulinda familia yao baada ya kuwakaribisha mapacha Rumi na Sir mwezi uliopita.	Fake
Celebrity	'Megyn Kelly Leo' Viwango Sio Jua Zote kwa mwenyeji mpya wa NBC	"mwenyeji wake ameripotiwa kupata mshahara wa milioni 17 kwa mwaka na seti mpya imejengwa ndani ya makao makuu ya RBC ya Rockefeller Plaza huko Midtown Manhattan, ""Megyn Kelly Leo"" ni ghali zaidi kuliko sehemu ya 9 asubuhi ya ""Leo."" Kupoteza watazamaji, mwishowe, itakuwa shida."	Legit
Celebrity	Cher: Tayari Kufa	Kupiga hakuendelea tena kwa CHER.	Fake
Celebrity		Taylor Swift anaonekana kuwa uchi katika video mpya ya muziki	Legit
Celebrity	Ndani ya Rob K. Mehgan James 'Romance: hy Fam Yake' 'haikubali' '	HABARI: Wakati ripoti mpya zinaendelea kusema juu ya uhusiano wa Rob Kardashian na Mehgan James, wote walichukua vyombo vya habari vya kijamii kuzingatia suala hilo.	Fake
Celebrity	Katie Holmes juu ya kurudisha jukumu lake kama Jacqueline Kennedy	"Katie Holmes anarudisha jukumu lake kama Jacqueline Kennedy kwa safu mpya ya mini, ""The Kennedys: After Camelot."""	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez na eeknd wanashikilia Mikono kwa Kisa cha Kimapenzi huko Argentina	Haikuwa siku ya upweke kwa yule eeknd.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber inaonekana aliandika 'Upendo wa Bibilia' juu ya Selena Gomez, na ni tamu lakini mzuri	Kumekuwa na ripoti nyingi za Justin Bieber kutumia wakati kanisani katika miezi michache iliyopita, lakini kile ambacho hatukugundua haikuwa kanisa lolote la zamani alilokuwa akitembelea - ilikuwa kanisa la uhusiano wa zamani.	Fake
Celebrity	"hat Taylor Swift na Urafiki wa ""kawaida sana"" wa Joe ni kama"	"Taylor Swift na Joe Alwyn hivi sasa wanafanya jambo la uhusiano wa kibinafsi: hawajajitokeza hadharani pamoja na njia pekee ambayo Swift amezungumza juu ya mchumba wake wa Uingereza wa karibu mwaka ni kwa wimbo (""… Ready for it?"" Na "" Mzuri, ""kulingana na mashabiki). Lakini Sisi kwa kweli tuna ripoti ya jinsi mambo yanavyokwenda kwa siku hizi mbili. Alwyn na Swift ""wanapenda sana,"" chanzo kililiambia kituo hicho."	Legit
Celebrity	Exclusive: Lindsay Lohan Mipango ya kuhamia Urusi Baada ya edding yake kwa Egor Tarabasov huku kukiwa na wazazi wake juu ya sherehe hiyo	Wakati mipango ya harusi yake ya nuptials yake kwa Egor Tarabasov ikiendelea kuimarika, mtu wa ndani ameonyesha kwa OKMagazine.com kwamba Lindsay Lohan anaweza kuwa anafanya harakati kubwa kufuatia sherehe hiyo	Fake
Celebrity	'Kucheza kwa Nyota': Donald Trump Aliulizwa Kuangazia Star Hajasema Hapana	kofia heck? Donald Trump anaonekana kuwa busy sana kwenye uchaguzi wa kampeni, lakini amealikwa kuchukua muda ili kujaribu mkono wake (au miguu?) Kwa kucheza Inavyoonekana Ukicheza na Stars amemtaka Donald ajiunge na Msimu wa 23	Fake
Celebrity	kofia Nicki Minaj alivaa harusi ya Serena illiams sio sawa kabisa ... akienda kwenye mavazi meupe ya ngozi na sehemu ya juu ya mazao ni nzuri sana.		Fake
Celebrity	"Caitlyn Jenner na OJ Simpson wamewekwa kwenye kuungana tena kwenye TV: ""Ingekuwa inafurahisha"" (KIASILI)"	Ni ngumu kupata hisia nzuri zaidi kuliko hii: kipindi cha runinga cha TV kinachoongoza mtu mashuhuri wa mauaji maarufu duniani na mtuhumiwa wa mauaji maarufu duniani - haswa wakati wote wana uhusiano na Mtindo wa Maisha ya Kardashians wamejifunza peke yake kuwa watengenezaji wa TV wamekuja na wazo la kumleta OJ Simpson na pal wake wa zamani Caitlyn Jenner katika mkutano wa televisheni.	Fake
Celebrity	Melania Trump 'atamuvaa Ralph Lauren kwenye uzinduzi wa mumewe'	Ralph Lauren ndiye mtangulizi wa hivi karibuni katika mbio za kubuni mavazi ya uzinduzi wa Melania Trump, sikio la omen Habari za kila siku Jumanne ziliripoti.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce ameenda rasmi kwa njia zaidi ya Mpango wake wa Utoaji wa CRAZY Hapa anahitaji	"Hakuna kukana kuwa Beyonce ni moja wapo ya diva kubwa zaidi ya Hollywood lakini vyanzo vipya vinapendekeza madai yake yapate hata ujangili. Kwa kutarajia kuwasili kwa mapacha wao mpendwa, mwimbaji na mumewe Jay-Z wamepanga mpango wa kujifungua hivyo wazimu utafikiria wao ni wa kifalme. Juu ya ripoti kwamba wanandoa maarufu wamehamia katika eneo la kukodisha karibu na hospitali ya Cedars-Sinai ya Los Angeles, ambapo Bey anatarajiwa kuzaa, wenyeji wanaiambia gazeti la Heat kwamba ""hafla hiyo haitagharimu. extravaganza. "" Bonyeza kupitia kupata scoop ndani ya mipango ya chumba cha kujifungua cha Beyonce, na jinsi binti ya wanandoa, Blue Ivy, watakuwa na jukumu la kipekee katika mchakato huu."	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez na Chama cha Orlando Bloom Pamoja kwenye sherehe yake ya 39 ya kuzaliwa	Selena Gomez na Orlando Bloom wanafurahiya kampuni ya kila mmoja tena.	Legit
Celebrity	Jamie Foxx na Katie Holmes Hit New York Fashion eek	Jamie Foxxand Katie Holmes ameshika Apple Kubwa.	Legit
Celebrity	Benki za Tyra Ziliuzwa kwa Kusababisha 'Mateso ya kihemko' Wakati wa 'Kuipa Vipaji vya Amerika'	"* Mshindani juu ya ""Zawadi ya Amerika ya kupata"" Amerika anasema utendaji wake wakati wa kugonga hivi karibuni ulichomwa sana na Benki mpya ya mwenyeji wa Tyra hivi kwamba imesababisha mhemko wa kihemko kwa binti yake mchanga, ambaye alikuwa akitazama kutoka mbawa."	Fake
Celebrity	"ho ni Mark Billham? Walinzi wa Mwili Anadai ""Alisha"" Watoto wa Brangelina"	"Tangu habari ya Brad Pitt na mgawanyiko wa Angelina Jolie, wengi wamejiuliza ni nini kitatokea kwa watoto hao sita. mgonjwa anakaa na mama, au baba, au mchanganyiko wa hizo mbili? Au mtu wa tatu anaweza kuwa na haki za uzazi pia? Ingiza Mark Billham, walinda nyota wa nyota. Billham alisema kimsingi ""amezaa"" watoto, kulingana na sisi eekly."	Legit
Celebrity	Kuogopa Kujiua Mpya Kwa Owen ilson Baada ya Kifo cha baba	Kifo cha baba mpendwa wa Owen ilson kina marafiki wanaogopa muigizaji aliyeteswa huweza kurudi tena kwenye shimo la unyogovu	Fake
Celebrity	Brad PITT: Hakuna shaka, TRUMP mgonjwa kuwa Rais Bora Katika Historia ya Amerika. Je! Unamuunga mkono? ⋆	"Brad Pitt kama Aliyealikwa Hivi leo aonyeshe Asubuhi hii na Baada ya Mwandishi wa Habari Kukosoa Kwa Trump Anasema Hii Iamuru: Hakuna shaka, Trump atakuwa Rais Mzuri kabisa Katika Historia ya Amerika Na Wewe mgonjwa Hivi Hivi Punde. Dhidi ya Waandishi wa Habari Na Kila Mtu Alibaki Mkali. Je! Unasaidia Brad? ""Tunahitaji kazi zaidi na zaidi. Ukosefu wa ajira iko hapa, ""alisema. Ameajiri wafanyikazi zaidi, watu zaidi, kuliko mtu yeyote ninayemjua ulimwenguni."	Fake
Celebrity	Je! Angelina Jolie Nemesis Chelsea Handler Anakaribia Kukaribia Brad Pitt Baada ya Kugawanyika Moyo?	e sikuona hii inakuja. Adui wa mbaya zaidi wa Hollywoodina, Hollywood Handler, anaweza kuwa karibu sana na mpenzi wa zamani wa Brad Pitt, kulingana na ripoti mpya. Ouch	Fake
Celebrity		Angelina Jolie Amkumbatia Mkewe wa ndani, na Mama-Mkwe	Legit
Celebrity		Justin Bieber hubeba bibilia wakati akichapa nguo za tenisi za prepy	Legit
Celebrity	Siri ya jinsi Kendall Met Hadids Imetatuliwa	Sio muda mrefu sana uliopita Kendall Jenner na Gigi Hadid walikuwa wasichana wawili tu, wasio na uhusiano ambao mara kwa mara walionyeshwa kwenye kipindi cha Runinga cha familia yao. Basi dunia ilishangazwa na ghafla wote walikuwa wakijipiga supermodels na super nguvu. Basi dunia ilishangaza tena na walikuwa kweli supermodel BFFs. Blink mwingine na dada zao, Kylie na Bella, pia walikuwa na ushawishi mkubwa wa kuigwa na mifano kwa haki yao wenyewe.	Legit
Celebrity	Ndoa ya Barack Michelle Obama Kuangusha - Jinsi Inagharimu mamilioni ya Walipa Kodi	Barack Obama na mkewe Michelle bado wanaendelea kutengana na nguvu ya Rais. Sasa inawagharimu mamilioni ya walipa kodi Ndoa yenye uchungu inaamua kuangukia baada ya kupata urais. Sasa inagharimu mamilioni ya walipa kodi ENPLIRER ya Kitaifa imeona rekodi za kipekee zilizopatikana na walinzi wa serikali wa Atchi ya jaji - ikifafanua kwamba wenzi hao wanaogopa walichukua ndege tofauti za kibinafsi kwenda Hawaii kwa likizo ya Krismasi.	Fake
Celebrity	Kylie Jenner Aweka Rekodi Moja kwa Moja Kuhusu Ripoti Tyga Owes Milioni Zake mbili	Kutetea wake wa zamani. Kylie Jenner alichukua mtandao wa Twitter Ijumaa, Mei 27, kushughulikia ripoti kwamba mpenzi wake wa zamani Tyga anadaiwa milioni mbili.	Legit
Celebrity	Mitindo Moja ya Maelekezi ya Harry Inafurahisha Likizo ya Skiing kwa Kendall Jenner Pamoja na Madai ya Romance	Nyota ya 'Best Song ever' na Kendall walionekana wakiwa wamebeba skiing na gia za baiskeli pamoja mwishoni mwa wiki.	Legit
Celebrity	Hapa kuna kofia Ilifanyika hen Kim Kardashian Mwishowe Alifunua kitambulisho chake kwa surrogate yake	Kim pia alielezea katika mahojiano kwa nini hakualika yule anayemwachika mwanaume huyo kuoga. (Lazima aeleze watoto wake kwanza.) Kwa ujumla, inasikika kama Kim na mshirika wake ana uhusiano thabiti.	Legit
Celebrity	Khloe Kardashian anapiga kofia ambao wamekuwa wakimkanyaga tangu OJ Simpson apewe msamaha	Khloe Kardashian hana wakati wa wapinzani.	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5056567/Jennifer-Lopez-ices-cozy-star-Milo-Ventimiglia.html	Jennifer Lopez anapatikana na mpenzi wa skirini Milo Ventimiglia	Fake
Celebrity	Leonardo DiCaprio anafurahiya Usiku wa Tarehe kuingiza Kate Kwa Siku yake ya Kuzaliwa - Tazama picha	Leonardo DiCaprio alishirikiana na nyota yake mashuhuri zaidi, Kate kuingiza, Ijumaa usiku, siku moja tu kabla ya siku yake ya kuzaliwa ya 43 Jumamosi. Wawili hao walitumia zaidi ya masaa mawili kwa pamoja katika mgahawa wa Santa Monica Giorgio Baldi, baada ya hapo walihamishwa nje na usalama na wakaingia kwenye gari moja pamoja. Bonyeza kupitia kuona picha za usiku wao wa karibu	Fake
Celebrity	Wanyanyapaa wa pop wanadai Justin Bieber kufutwa kwa safari ya muda mrefu kama yeye kufikiria kuanza kanisa lake	"Wengine wa POP wanadai kuwa Justin Bieber anaweza kufutwa kwa safari yake ya sasa ili aanze CHURCH chake mwenyewe. Bieber alishtua mamilioni ya mashabiki jana wakati alifunua kwamba alikuwa akitangaza safari ya Kusudi miezi kabla kabla ya kumalizika kwani ""aliteketezwa."" Canadian amefunua anataka kurudi kwenye mizizi yake ya kidini"	Fake
Celebrity	Kim, Kourtney Khloe Kardashian Asherehekee Cinco de Mayo katika LA	Dada za Kardashian wana sherehe ya Cinco de Mayo	Legit
Celebrity	hy Justin Timberlake hakuenda kwa Emmys th Jessica Biel	Jessica Biel alishangaa katika tuzo za Emmy 2017 huko LA Jumapili, Septemba 17, bila tarehe yake ya kawaida ya onyesho la tuzo, mume Justin Timberlake, kando yake - na ikatokea kwamba mwigizaji, 35, alikuwa akipanda solo kwa sababu nzuri sana.	Legit
Celebrity	David Gest alipatikana akiwa amekufa akiwa na umri wa miaka 62: Mume wa zamani wa Liza Minnelli aligundua baada ya kufariki 'bila kufafanua' katika hoteli ya London	"David Gest, nyota halisi wa TV na mume wa zamani wa Liza Minnelli, amekutwa amekufa katika hoteli ya London yenye nyota tano katika hali ""isiyoelezewa""."	Legit
Celebrity	Karibu Wakati Huo Princess Diana alibadilisha Wasichana wa Dhahabu na Kugonga Baa ya Mashoga na Freddie Mercury	Malkia Diana anaweza kuwa alifurahiya zaidi wakati akioa katika familia ya kifalme ya Uingereza kuliko vile tulivyokuwa tukifikiria awali. Katika kitabu chake kipya, mwigizaji wa ucheshi wa Uingereza Cleo Rocos anasema kwamba yeye, Malkia wa mbele Freddie Mercury, na mchekeshaji Kenny Everett walimtapeli Princess Diana kwenye baa ya mashoga ya London-London, Royal Vauxhall Tavern, mwishoni mwa miaka ya 1980. Rocos anakumbuka jioni katika The Power of Positive kunywa, akiandika kwamba watatu walivaa mpendwa marehemu wa kifalme kwa kujificha-koti la jeshi, kofia, na miwani, kulingana na akaunti ya hadithi na AFP-na waliweza kufurahiya shukrani za dhati kwa umaarufu wa Mercury katika umati:	Legit
Celebrity	Kitesurfing, Chakula cha mchana na Bono, Gofu katika Hawaii: Wote Kuhusu Maisha ya Obamas Sasa	Wamevunja Bubble ya Nyumba ya kupendeza na hawataangalia nyuma.	Legit
Celebrity	J-Rod Jennifer Lopez na Alex Rodriguez juu ya Upendo, Urembo, na Ukombozi	"Licha ya umaarufu wa kisasa na mizigo-uliofanywa na Jennifer Lopez na Alex Rodriguez, uhusiano wao hufanya akili kamili. Wote walianza kutoka asili duni, walipiga wakati wa haraka, na walipaswa kupigana na mapepo yao ili kuishi. Wanandoa wapya wanajadili kila kitu kutoka tarehe yao ya kwanza ya wasiwasi hadi ""kufunua"" ambayo ilizua dhamana yao."	Legit
Celebrity	Lady Gaga sio mjamzito, anasema mwakilishi	"Los Angeles: Mwakilishi wa Lady Gaga amekataa ripoti kwamba mwimbaji ni mjamzito Uvumi huo uliibuka baada ya Gaga kuonekana kama mchezo wa mapema wiki iliyopita. Jarida lilidai katika toleo lake la hivi karibuni kwamba mtoto huyo mwenye umri wa miaka 29 alikuwa na ""mtoto njiani."" Walakini, ripoti hiyo ilizidiwa na mwakilishi wa Gaga. Mwakilishi aliliambia Rumor Fix tabloid kwamba Gaga hakutarajia mtoto na mchumba wake Taylor Kinney, anaripoti aceshowbiz.com.Fans ambao walishtuka walichukua kwa Twitter kuposti picha za Gaga na ""bonge la watoto"" .Baada ya picha zilimuonyesha akipiga pwani. na mavazi ya maxi yenye rangi ya machungwa yenye rangi ya hudhurungi, wakati kwenye picha zingine alionekana amevaa mavazi ya kaftan ya rangi ya bluu wakati akipiga pwani ya Malibu na Kinney.Gaga alishiriki kwenye Instagram picha yake na tummy gorofa siku ya ednesday. ""Binti ya baba"", aliitapa. Kama hivyo, hii sio mara ya kwanza kwa mwimbaji kutapeliwa kuwa mjamzito. Hapo awali pia kumekuwa na uvumi juu yake."	Legit
Celebrity	"Kourtney na Kendall Wana ""Jua nje, Buns Out"" Siku ya Mashua huko Cannes"	Kourtney Kardashian na Kendall Jenner kwa sasa wanaishi huko Kusini mwa Ufaransa kwa Tamasha la Filamu ya Cannes, na dada waliingia wakati wa kuogelea wakati wa kupumzika kwenye yacht huko Antibes Jumatatu; jozi hiyo ilionekana kupendeza na kuzungumza katika vipande-moja na rafiki Simon Huck. Siku iliyofuata, waliweka furaha ikikuja kwa kutoa mavazi yao ya kijeshi bora kwa siku kwenye maji. Kabla ya hoteli yao ya wivu, Kourtney alihudhuria chakula cha jioni katika kuadhimisha sikukuu za bahari ya Jean-Michel Cousteau Jumapili, wakati Kendall aligonga barabara ya sherehe ya kila mwaka ya mtindo wa Naomi Campbell, ambayo pia ilimtoa Kate Moss, Heidi Klum, na Kendall's. pal Bella Hadid. Endelea kusoma ili kuona picha zote kutoka kwa ujio wa Kourtney na Kendall's Cannes.	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez akionekana kama jaji wa 'American Idol'	"Mwimbaji anaripotiwa kutangazwa kama jaji pamoja na mwimbaji wa onyesho la kweli la kuimba ""American Idol""."	Fake
Celebrity	Ellen, Portia aondoe muonekano baada ya mapigano ya 'Epic'	Ellen DeGeneres na Portia de Rossi hawakujitokeza kwenye banda la kutoa misaada kwa wanyama waliookolewa baada ya mapigano makubwa ndani ya gari njiani kuelekea hafla ya Jumapili, vyanzo vinamwambia Ukurasa wa Sita.	Fake
Celebrity	Ni Yote Kuhusu Kah Kim Kardashian Kanye est Akataa Msaada wa Misaada Ili Kutuliza Lawama kuhusu Uanzilishi wa Video ya Video ya Ushirikiano wa YouTube	Yote ni kuhusu kash na Kim Kardashian na Kanye est	Fake
Celebrity	Hillary Clinton Sinema - Nyota ya Glenn Karibu	Sinema iko kwenye kazi juu ya Hillary Clinton na maisha yake ya kushangaza, na mwigizaji wa hadithi Glenn Karibu amechaguliwa kucheza cheti cha mwanamke wa kwanza na mgombeaji wa urais.	Fake
Celebrity	Owen ilson anasema watoto wake wanageuzwa kuwa Comedians kidogo - atch	Owen ilson anafungua juu ya kazi zinazoweza kutokea kwa watoto wake katika ucheshi	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez Ni 'Anapenda Mapenzi' na Justin Baada ya Kuungana tena: Yeye ni 'Mwanga Furahi'	Ikiwa Selena Gomez anaonekana kuwa anaishi maisha bora tangu kuungana tena na Justin Bieber - amepata maelezo ambayo Sel's yuko katika 'mapenzi' na anafurahi kurudi na Biebs.	Fake
Celebrity	Kofia za kumpenda Jennifer Lawrence, 26, na Darren Aronofsky, 47, zinaonekana hadharani na mapenzi yao wakati wanaungana kwa safari ya NYC	Wamekuwa wakiweka mapenzi yao ya kuchana chini ya matupu lakini inaonekana kwamba Jennifer Lawrence na Darren Aronofsky wamefanya azimio la Mwaka Mpya kuwa wazi zaidi juu ya uhusiano wao.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Anasema Kanye est Ni 'Mbaya' Kuhusu Kukimbia Rais	Siku ya The Ellen Show ednesday, nyota halisi wa kipindi cha kipindi cha Runinga Kim Kardashian est alimweleza mwenyeji Ellen DeGeneres kwamba mumewe, rapper Kanye est, dhahiri alimaanisha kile alisema wakati alitangaza kwa hiari kwenye Tuzo za Muziki za Video za MTV kuwa anataka kumgombea Rais wa United Mataifa.	Legit
Celebrity	Mazungumzo machafu ya Scarlett Johansson ya SNL Stud	Mike alker Ripoti… Kamwe usiongee chafu na wanawake ikiwa unataka kugeuka - kulia, jamani?	Fake
Celebrity	Harvey einstein anapanga kushtaki New York Times kwa 50M	"Harvey einstein anasema atashtaki New York Times kwa wastani wa milioni 50 baada ya kuchapisha ripoti ya bomu akidai wahusika wa sinema wanawashukia waigizaji na wafanyikazi wa kike kwa ""miongo ya unyanyasaji wa kijinsia."""	Fake
Celebrity		Jennifer Garner ana Wasichana Usiku Kati na Chelsea Handler	Legit
Celebrity	'Msichana' Anapambana na Kanye anapangaana na Anna akijumuisha Kuweka Lena Dunham Kwenye Jalada la 'Vogue' Badala ya Fiancée Kim Kardashian	Ni kubwa kwa vibambo vyako vilivyoundwa, Kanye? Wakati wa chakula cha mchana cha hivi majuzi katika ukumbi wa Beverly Hills Polo Lounge, nyota ya hip hop ilidai majibu kutoka kwa Mhariri Mkuu wa Vogue-Mkuu-Ana iliuliza swali: je yeye alihukumu nyota wa Wasichana Lena Dunham kama mtu anayestahili hadithi ya mtindo wa kawaida, wakati mchumba wake, Kim Kardashian, amepuuzwa kwa muda mrefu?	Fake
Celebrity	Nicki Minaj HAKUNA sikio la suruali Moto Na Mazao Juu Ya Kuhariri kwa Serena illiams, Licha ya Ripoti	"Nicki Minaj hakuvaa suruali moto na mazao ya juu kwenye harusi ya Serena illiams, licha ya ripoti ya uchochezi kulingana na picha iliyopewa picha. Kwa wanaoanza, rapper huyo hakuhudhuria hata nyota za nyota wa tenisi. Gossip Cop inaweza kuweka rekodi moja kwa moja. illiams aliolewa na mjasiriamali wa mtandao Alexis Ohanian mbele ya marafiki na familia huko New Orleans Alhamisi. Orodha ya wageni ilikuwa pamoja na watu mashuhuri, akiwemo Beyonce, Kim Kardashian, Kelly Rowland, Anna intour, Ciara na Eva Longoria. Minaj hakuhudhuria, lakini wavuti ya Ireland aliandika picha ya Instagram inayomwonyesha akiingia kwenye sherehe na Beyonce na Rihanna. Tovuti hiyo ilipewa nakala yake isiyo sahihi, ""kofia Nicki Minaj alivaa harusi ya Serena illiams sio sawa,"" anasema mwimbaji huyo akijitokeza kwenye sherehe ya mchezo wa ""moto mweupe na ngozi ya juu."" Duka ambalo limepotoshwa vibaya linasisitiza nguo ya Minaj ilikuwa ""kinda sana,"" ikidumisha zaidi kuwa ""alizidisha safu ya adabu ya harusi."" Lakini maoni ya tovuti kuhusu mavazi ya rapper ni mengi sana. Wala Minaj au Rihanna hawakuwa kwenye harusi ya mchezaji wa tenisi. Nyota zote mbili za muziki ziliwekwa picha ya Beyonce akiwa peke yake kwenye sherehe hiyo. Haijulikani ikiwa duka la Ireland linajaribu kudanganya wasomaji wake au kutapeliwa na picha hiyo yenyewe, lakini Minaj hakuvaa mavazi yasiyofaa kwa harusi ya illiams, ambayo hakuhudhuria. Ikumbukwe, Gossip Cop alilazimika kujadili hadithi kadhaa za uwongo zinazozunguka nyota za nyota wa tenisi kwa muda mfupi tangu aende chini ya njia. e hivi karibuni alitamani HollywoodLife kwa kupanga ripoti kuhusu Beyonce na Kardashian kuwa na ""kubadilishana vizuri"" kwenye harusi. Gossip Cop pia alimwita RadarOnline kwa kutengeneza hadithi kuhusu Kardashian anapigiwa kelele kwa kutumia simu yake kwenye harusi ya illiams. Nakala hii ya hivi karibuni inayohusiana na tukio hilo ni sawa na phony."	Legit
Celebrity	Lindsay Lohan Anaripotiwa Kuhusika na mrithi wa Urusi	Mwishowe, Lindsay Lohan amepata upendo.	Legit
Celebrity	Anina sumu Angelina Jolie akiondoka	Picha nyembamba ya reli ya Angelina Jolie inasababisha suruali za karibu kuomba kuingilia kati ili kumuokoa kutoka kifo	Fake
Celebrity	Rosie O'Donnell, hoopi Goldberg wabadilishane hadithi za kupunguza uzito	"(CNN) - ""The View"" ilirudi Televisheni Jumatatu na seti mpya, nyuso mbili mpya na jozi ya wenyeji wanaorudi ambao wametumia wakati wao mbali kuzingatia afya zao."	Legit
Celebrity	Mchanganyiko wa moyo Jennifer Aniston Anaendesha kwa Mpaka wa Kupitisha	Jennifer Aniston anatafuta kupitisha mtoto kutoka kusini mwa mpaka - wiki chache tu baada ya Gazeti la Kitaifa kufunua mapigo yake ya moyo juu ya kaka yake aliyetarajiwa kutangaza kwamba alikuwa baba tena	Fake
Celebrity	Vyama vya Justin Bieber Katika Hafla Moja ya Grammy Kama Ex Selena Gomez Jioni	"Uh oh Justin Bieber, 22, aliamua kugonga chapisho la Rihanna Grammys bash saa 1Oak Februari 12 ili kuungana na nyota wengine wakubwa wa tasnia ya muziki, na kwa bahati mbaya kwake ni pamoja na mpenzi wake wa zamani Selena Gomez, 24, na mchumba wake mpya eeknd, 26. Kama vile tulivyokuambia ushujaa, jozi hawakuweza kuweka mikono yao wenyewe, wakipakia PDA nyingi wakati wameketi kwenye kibanda cha VIP na ambayo kwa kweli haikua vizuri na Wabie. Alionekana kwenye sherehe hiyo kwa ufupi, kisha akaibadilisha na kuibabaisha kutoka hapo muda mfupi baada ya kufika. Chanzo kinamwambia HollywoodLife.com KIISLAMU kwamba, ""Alikuwepo kwa sekunde moto ... sio muda mrefu sana aliondoka karibu mara moja"""	Fake
Celebrity	Mke wa Billy Bush ni 'hasira' kwake baada ya kuhojiwa na Trump	Huenda Billy Bush alikuwa ameweka selfie mpya na mkewe, lakini uvumi unaenea kwamba yote hayako sawa katika paradiso yao ya California.	Fake
Celebrity	Moyo wa Celine Dion- kurekebisha Utendaji wa 'Moyo Wangu mgonjwa Kuendelea' kwenye Tuzo za Muziki za 2017: atch	"Celine Dion aliadhimisha kumbukumbu ya miaka 20 ya wimbo wake wa upendo uliovurugika, ""Moyo Wangu Unaendelea,"" kwa kutekeleza kutoka ndani ya chandelier ya urefu wa maili ambayo ilipachika kutoka dari ya ukumbi huo Jumapili ya Jumapili (Mei 21) 2017 tuzo za Muziki za Billboard. Kama ilivyoinua, ndivyo pia sauti za Dion."	Legit
Celebrity	Jinsi Janet Jackson alipoteza pauni 70	Mama mpya mwenye umri wa miaka 51 anafanya mazoezi ya mwili mwembamba ambayo mkufunzi wake anasema alifanikiwa bila kuweka masaa mengi ya Cardio, iliripotiwa kumwaga pauni 70.	Legit
Celebrity	George, Amal Clooney atoa 1M kwa Kituo cha Sheria cha Umaskini Kusini ili kupambana na vikundi vya chuki	Ikiwa mazungumzo ya pesa, George na Amal Clooney walifanya kupiga kelele Jumanne, kwa kutoa milioni 1 kwa Kituo cha Sheria cha Umasikini Kusini kusaidia kupigana vikundi vya chuki kufuatia msiba na vurugu huko Charlottesville, Va.	Legit
Celebrity	GIRL KUHUSU KWA N: Victoria Beckham anajiandaa kwa mtoto wa tano	Victoria Beckham, kulia, anajiandaa kupata mtoto wa tano na mumewe David, kulingana na vyanzo karibu na rafiki yake mkubwa, Tana Ramsay.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Afungua Upya Kuhusu Maisha Baada ya Wizi wa Paris	Asubuhi hii, Kim Kardashian est ni dakika chache marehemu kwa kiamsha kinywa kwa sababu hakuweza kupata kitu hiki cha uso wa uso. Yeye anakaa katika chumba katika sehemu za juu za Hoteli ya Baccarat katikati mwa jiji Manhattan. Chumba kilicho na kitanda kikubwa ndani yake, ambacho alilala, kitako butt, na binti yake wa miaka nne, North. Na katika chumba hicho aliweka maski - ya aina ya mapambo, sio anuwai ya Halloween - ili kugundua hakuweza kuiondoa. hapa alipata kitu hiki cha dhahabu-kofia ya dhahabu ambacho kinapaswa kufanya ngozi yako kuwa na afya? Mwanadamu, wakati wewe ni Kim Kardashian est, haujui kila kitu hutoka wapi. Watu wanakupa tu vitu. Vinjari na milango na akaunti za uwasilishaji za ulimwengu wazi na mtiririko wa bure wa vitu vinakuosha tu. Kim anajaribu kufurahisha, kwa sababu hiyo ndiyo kitu kilichofunuliwa kufanya. Lakini hivi sasa yuko juu chumbani kwake akijaribu kutenganisha uso wake na kitu cha bure cha gel.	Legit
Celebrity	Jim Carrey Anasema Amesafiri 'Mto wa huzuni' katika Mwonekano wa Mhemko	Jamaa huyo mwenye umri wa miaka 55 alisimamishwa na mwanahabari na mwanaharakati Michael Moore's Broadway kuonyesha Masharti ya Surrender yangu Alhamisi usiku kwa mazungumzo ya wazi juu ya hali ya kisiasa ya leo baada ya uchaguzi wa Rais Donald Trump.	Legit
Celebrity	Jay-Z: 'Yesu Ni Habari Mbili; Lusifa ni wa Ukweli na Mwanga '	"""Yesu Kristo ndiye habari ya uwongo,"" kulingana na Jay-Z, ambaye anadai ""Yesu hakuwahi kutembea duniani, wakati wote ukipigwa"" na ""wazo la Yesu ni kifaa tu kinachotumiwa na watu wenye busara kudhibiti watu wasio na akili. """	Fake
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson: 'Jioni ndio sehemu ngumu sana ambayo nimefanya'	Alifanya jina lake kama kijana wa vampire wa moyo wa nguvu Edward Cullen katika Twilight. Halafu mapenzi yake ya kutatanisha na nyota mwenza wa Kristen Stewart yalitawala safu za uwongo za ulimwengu. Sasa Robert Pattinson ni mzee, busara na kumwaga picha yake ya Hollywood-kijana mzuri. Anazungumza juu ya jukumu lake jipya katika upendeleo wa nje wa jiji la David Michôd magharibi mwa The Rover	Legit
Celebrity	Amber Heard Anashiriki Picha Kutoka kwa Aquaman Set	Mara tu baada ya kupiga sinema kwa Aquaman kuanza nchini Australia, tulipata sura yetu ya kwanza kama mwigizaji Amber Heard kama Mera. Sasa Heard amechukua mtandao wa Twitter kushiriki picha yake na Jason Momoa - muigizaji nyuma ya jukumu la filamu la filamu - na mkurugenzi James an.	Legit
Celebrity	Gwen Stefani wa kusikitisha anapoteza Usikiaji Baada ya Kujifunga tena Eardrum	Bibi wa wimbo wa pop Gwen Stefani anaweza kumaliza kuwa kiziwi na kumwangamiza kazi yake ya uimbaji mzuri	Fake
Celebrity	Kuinua Uso, Botox, Peels, Ahsheni ya Upelelezi wa Plastiki ya Ellen DeGeneres	Utaftaji wa Ellen DeGeneres na kukaa milele mchanga umeandikwa usoni mwake - kwa kweli Katika ripoti mpya kutoka The National ENQUIRER, vyanzo vinaonyesha kuwa malkia wa mazungumzo ya chini-kwa-ardhi ni mjuzi wa upasuaji wa plastiki kwa kujificha.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez na Justin Bieber Alibusu tu kwenye Mchezo wake wa Hockey	Wakati eeknd inavyounganisha na mchezaji wake wa zamani, Bella Hadid, Selena Gomez anaendelea na uhusiano wake na Justin Bieber. Jana usiku, aliunga mkono nyota ya Canada ya pop kwenye mchezo wake wa hockey huko LA (kwa mara ya pili). Na wawili hao walipeleka PDA kwa ngazi inayofuata: walionekana wakibusu kwenye ukingo.	Legit
Celebrity	Blake Shelton na Lindsey Sporrer Kudanganya kwenye Miranda Lambert - Talaka Inatarajiwa | Chafu chafu	Inaonekana kana kwamba hofu mbaya kabisa ya Miranda Lambert inaweza kuwa kweli. Kuamua kutoka kwa picha za hivi karibuni, Blake Shelton labda angejikuta ni mdogo, toleo la kawaida la mke wake wa kuigiza Blake aliamua kuhudhuria sherehe ya kuzaliwa ya Usher ya 35 na Miranda hakuweza kupatikana. Ni kama anaenda zake ili kumuepusha na Blake wakati yuko karibu na mtu yeyote ambaye anafanya kazi naye na kisha kumtupa usoni mwake kuwa wao huwa kila wakati huwa mbali, kwa usiku huu fulani alikuwa nyumbani lakini usifikirie dakika ambayo Blake alikuwa mpweke.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian anaelezea ni kwanini hatampigia kura Trump?	Kwa muda kidogo hapo, ilionekana kwamba Hillary Clinton alikuwa amepoteza kura ya Kim Kardashian.	Legit
Celebrity	Je! Ngozi ya Evian Siri ya Nyuma ya Cameron Diaz Ngozi Kubwa? Soma zaidi kwa: https://tr.im/207sZ	Hii ni moja ya uvumi huo ambao ni ujinga sana tunatamani kama ingekuwa kweli jarida la Star linaripoti katika toleo lao la hivi karibuni kwamba mwigizaji wa orodha ya Cameron Diaz anatumia maji ya chupa kuoga.	Legit
Celebrity	Je! Meek Mill alimpata Nicki Minaj Kwenye Jaribio la Lesbi ya Vijana?	Kupata hadithi kuhusu Nicki Minaj na Meek Mill sio kunyoosha haswa. Mwaka jana, nyama ya Meek Mill na rapper wa Canada Drake walitunasa burudani kwa miezi kadhaa, na Minaj hana uzoefu mdogo. Katika miaka michache iliyopita, Minaj amejulikana karibu na vita vyake vya kijamii na kwa muziki wake. Kama matokeo, watazamaji mashuhuri daima wanaonekana kuwa na jicho kwa hadithi inayofuata ya Meek Mill na hadithi ya Nicki Minaj. Katika wiki za hivi karibuni, hadithi nyingi kuhusu Mill na Minaj zimezingatia kama wanandoa wa nguvu wa hip-hop bado wanandana au la.	Fake
Celebrity	Mariah Carey, Meneja Stella Bulochnikov Mgawanyiko	Mariah Carey na meneja wake wa miaka mitatu, Stella Bulochnikov, hawafanyi kazi tena pamoja kama meneja na mteja, Tofauti amethibitisha.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston, Diva? Mwigizaji Aliyoangaziwa Kuwa 'Haifikiwe' amewekwa, hahusiki Jamii (Ripoti)	"Inawezekana huyu ""Rafiki"" wa zamani kuwa chini ya urafiki katika maisha halisi? Uvumi una hivyo ndivyo ilivyo."	Legit
Celebrity	Ellen DeGeneres Dines ya Siri Brunette Pamoja na Talaka ya Talaka kwa Portia de Rossi	Ellen DeGeneres aliibuka na kijinga cha siri hivi karibuni huku kukiwa na uvumi wa talaka yake inayokuja na mke Portia de Rossi. Picha za mwenyeji wa Runinga zote zinatabasamu na mwanamke huyo ambaye haijulikani alizidisha tu uvumi wa kujitenga kwao.	Fake
Celebrity	Jake Gyllenhaal hayuko hapa kwa maswali ya Taylor Swift	Kushoto, na Mike Pont / ireImage; Kulia, kutoka Picha za GC, zote kutoka kwa Getty Picha.	Legit
Celebrity	"Jennifer Aniston na Justin Theroux walitengeneza Moja ya ""Miscalculation Massive"" hile Kupanga editing zao za Siri"	"Kukaa vibaya kwa kando, ilisikika kana kwamba harusi ya siri ya Jennifer Aniston na Justin Theroux, msimu huu wa joto, iliondoka bila hit. Kwa kushangaza, maelezo juu ya nuptials za Malibu hayakuvuja kwa vyombo vya habari. Jimmy Kimmel alifanya kazi ""nzuri"" ya kuandaa sherehe hiyo, kupata usawa kamili kati ya tamu na ya kuchekesha. Howard Stern alitoa hotuba. Na baadaye, wale walioolewa walianza onyesho la ujamaa zaidi la kikundi ambalo tumewahi kusikia. Lakini mnamo ednesday, wakati wa kukuza msimu mpya wa The Hto the Leftovers, Theroux ilifunua kwamba duo hiyo ilifanya ""ujazo mkubwa"" wakati wa kupanga harusi."	Legit
Celebrity	Hatimaye Victoria Beckham anashughulikia madai kuwa anajaribu mtoto wake wa FIWILI akiwa na miaka 42 na mumewe David	Wanandoa maarufu, ambao wanaishi London, tayari wana watoto watatu na binti	Legit
Celebrity	Sarah Jessica Parker Inarithi Udhibiti wa Magazeti ya Vogue Kutoka kwa Anna? | Chafu chafu	Kuna mmoja tu wa Anna, lakini kuna muda mrefu tu kwamba anaweza kukimbia Vogue. Ana Ana sasa ana miaka 64, na wakati bado ana miaka mingi ya kuendelea kufanya kazi, utawala wake hautadumu milele. Mwishowe, italazimika kupata mrithi, na kulingana na ripoti kutoka Radar Online, mrithi atakuwa Sarah Jessica Parker.	Fake
Celebrity	"Nyota wa zamani wa Beatle Ringo Anadai ""Real"" Paul McCartney Alikufa mnamo 1966 na kama Aliyoibadilishwa na Look-sawa"	Mashamba ya Beverly | Mwanadada wa zamani wa Beatles, Ringo Starr, alishangaza ulimwengu asubuhi ya leo wakati wa mahojiano katika makao yake ya kifahari ya Kaliforni, wakati alikiri kwamba uvumi wa miaka 45 kuhusu kifo cha Paul McCartney mnamo 1966 ni kweli.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez anachekesha Bye Bye birdie, muziki unaofuata wa NBC	Televisheni ya moja kwa moja ya NBC ya Hairspray bado inaendelea, lakini Jennifer Lopez tayari anatayarisha utayarishaji wa muziki wa pili wa muziki, Bye Bye birdie Live	Legit
Celebrity		Axed Jennifer Hudson on't aliulizwa Kurudishwa kwa 'Sauti' juu ya Maadili ya Diva	Fake
Celebrity	Billy Bush aliyeachiliwa rasmi kutoka NBC Leo onyesho baada ya kashfa ya mkanda wa uovu wa Donald Trump	Bush alisimamishwa katika onyesho la asubuhi siku mbili baada ya yaliyomo kwenye mkanda wa 2005 kuripotiwa Oktoba 7.	Legit
Celebrity	hy Celine Dion na Cher huchukia kila mmoja	Cher alijaza umati wa watu katika mavazi ya wazi-ya kung'aa hapo jana wakati alipokuwa akisema 'Ikiwa Ningeweza Kurudisha Muda' na 'Amini' kwenye tuzo za Muziki wa Bodi ya Muziki wa 2017.	Fake
Celebrity	Uchambuzi | Kanye est na jinsi hip-hop inashughulikia afya ya akili	Haijulikani wazi ni nini kinaendelea na Kanye est. Rapper huyo, ambaye alitolewa kwenye sinema akiwasilisha vitunguu marudio katika maonyesho ya hivi karibuni huko California, Jumatatu alighairi tarehe 21 zilizobaki katika safari yake ya Saint Pablo. Masaa baadaye, aliripotiwa hospitalini kwa dhiki na uchovu.	Legit
Celebrity	Liam Payne Alikiachiwa tu Solo za Staili za Harry Styles	Muziki mpya wa Harry Styles sio wa kila mtu, hata hata bendi yake ya zamani ya Miongozo moja ya Liam Payne.	Fake
Celebrity	Justin Bieber na Selena Gomez wanapendeza mashabiki	(CNN) Kama upendo, matumaini yanatoka kwa milele kwa mashabiki wa Justin Bieber na Selena Gomez.	Legit
Celebrity	Iggy Azalea na Odell Beckham Jr: Kuchumbiana	Unaweza kushangazwa na habari kwamba Odell Beckham Jr. na Iggy Azalea wanachumbiana, lakini ukisimama na kufikiria juu yake kwa muda mfupi, kweli hufanya akili nzuri kama wanandoa.	Fake
Celebrity	Ben Affleck Ana Uso Mpya Mpya: BOTOX BEN	RAIS UPE? Baada ya mwaka VERY ROUGH, madaktari wanasema kwamba inaonekana kwamba Ben Affleck uso wake uliweka upya Msaada wa uvumi? Botox kwa miguu ya jogoo wake kukausha mistari kuzunguka mdomo wake.	Fake
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus na Liam Hemsworth End Engagement	Imeisha rasmi: Majibu ya wote Miley Cyrus na Liam Hemsworth wanathibitisha kwa watu BURE kuwa kuhusika kumekatika kati ya nyota hizo mbili.	Fake
Celebrity	Matawi ya FKA Inaonekana kuwa mbaya kwa Robert Pattinson Katika Tamasha la Filamu la Cannes | Chafu chafu	Matawi ya FKA na Robert Pattinson wameripotiwa kuwa na nguvu. Nyota ya Twilight na mchumba wake walihudhuria Tamasha la Filamu la Cannes la 2017 wiki hii. Wanandoa hawakuonekana kuwa na furaha kama wanavyoripotiwa kuwa. Imekuwa miezi tangu mashabiki waone Matawi ya FKA na Robert Pattinson kwa pamoja.	Fake
Celebrity	Acha Sasa hivi Wasichana wa viungo wanaweza kuwa Wakipanga Kuungana tena	Kuna vitu kadhaa ambavyo watu hawapaswi kufanya utani tu. Mkutano wa Wasichana wa Spice unaowezekana na washiriki wote watano ni mmoja wao.	Legit
Celebrity	Mgawanyiko wa kesi ya Kim Kardashian na Kanye est ulidumu kwa eeks Sita (EXCLUSIVE)	Baada ya kupata shida kuvunjika mwishoni mwa mwaka wa 2016, Kanye est amekuwa akisifu maelezo mafupi sana. Lakini kile ambacho mashabiki hawakujua ni kwamba rapper huyo na mkewe Kim Kardashian walikuwa wanapitia kesi ya kujitenga.	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye, Hakuna 'Idol American' Kwangu	Hakuna 'Idol American' Kwangu	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez A-Rod edding juu ya ay? Yeye mchwa kumuoa	"Je! Jennifer Lopez, 47, yule wa Alex Rodriguez, 41? Rafiki zake wanaripotiwa kuanza kufikiria hivyo, kulingana na E News. ""Marafiki zake wote wanaweza kusema anapenda sana J.Lo [lakini] mwanzoni walidhani hii inaweza kuwa ni fling,"" chanzo kilisema. ""Marafiki zake wanafikiria polepole hii inaweza kuwa mechi nzuri."" J-Lo na A-Rod hakika walifurahiya wakati wao pamoja Ijumaa, Machi 24 wakati walipokaa kwenye Hoteli ya Bel-Air."	Fake
Celebrity	Fergie anasema yeye na Josh Duhamel bado 'marafiki wakubwa'	"Fergie anasema ingawa yeye na mume Josh Duhamel wanagawanyika, bado ni ""marafiki wakubwa"" wanaopendana na mtoto wao mchanga."	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie, Isiyovunjika	"""Sikutarajia kuwa mtu ambaye kila mtu anaelewa au anapenda,"" Angelina Jolie anasema. ""Na hiyo ni sawa, kwa sababu ninajua mimi ni nani, na watoto wanajua mimi ni nani."""	Legit
Celebrity	Prince Harry Meghan Markle Kuhamia Pamoja	"Mkubwa wa karibu wa nyota ya ""Suti"" aliiambia The ENQUIRER kwamba Meg ""anageuza ikulu chini na ukarabati wake"" - na kuongeza: ""Anajua anachotaka kichwa cha Meghan haswa linapokuja juu ya ladha yake mwenyewe"" Jamaa wa LA anasisitiza juu ya ukarabati wa eco-kirafiki, vyumba vya wazi vya hewa, rangi zisizo na rangi, sofa kubwa na viti, na glasi za kisasa na vifaa vya chuma. Lakini tabia ya ""diva-kama"" ya kawaida ni kufanya watu wengine wa jumba la korosho"	Fake
Celebrity	Hadithi ya Jalada: Angelina Jolie Solo	Kuna Angelina Jolie ambaye sasa ni mama moja - anayesimamia machafuko ya kila siku ya watoto sita, na msiba wa mgawanyiko wake kutoka kwa Brad Pitt- na kuna Angelina Jolie ambaye sinema yake ya hivi karibuni, ya msingi wa Netflix juu ya mauaji ya Kambogia ni pia asante kwa taifa lililomubadilisha. Katika jumba lake jipya la LA, Jolie anaonyesha mvutano kati ya wawili wa Angelinas na sababu maisha yake hayatakuwa ya kawaida.	Legit
Celebrity	Blake Shelton Anashughulikia Uvumi Kwenye Twitter Katika Njia Nzuri kabisa ya ay	Blake Shelton amepata takriban ya kutosha ya mazungumzo yote kuhusu yeye na mke wake, Miranda Lambert.	Legit
Celebrity	Harusi ya siri ya juu ya Allison illiams ilifunuliwa	Allison illiams ni kuolewa Jumamosi katika sherehe ya siri ya nyota huko magharibi, Ukurasa wa Sita unaweza kufunua tu.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift ent to '' Urefu Mkubwa '' Ili Kuweka Romance Yake Binafsi	Ijapokuwa habari zimevunjika kuwa Taylor Swift anachumbiana na muigizaji wa Uingereza Joe Alwyn, kwa kweli alijaribu kuiweka chini ya muda mrefu kama angeweza.	Legit
Celebrity	Anna Faris Ajibu Kwa Chris Pratt-Jennifer Lawrence Kudanganya Risasi Kama Wanavyowakuza 'Abiria' Siku ya kuzaliwa kwake	"Mwigizaji wa ""Mama"" Anna Faris hakutaka kuruhusu maandishi hayo yamfikie, lakini wakati fununu zilienea mwaka jana kuhusu mume wa Chris Pratt alimdanganya na nyota wa ""Abiria"" Jennifer Lawrence, alihisi hatari."	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Lawrence anakumbuka wakati alikomwa na Kris Jenner na kuvuliwa uchi	Jennifer Lawrence alikuwa na mlipuko wa kujaza kwa Jimmy Kimmel kwenye show yake ya usiku wa manane.	Legit
Celebrity	Anderson Cooper juu ya Kathy Griffin: 'Natumai amerudi nyuma'	Anderson Cooper ameweka wazi kuwa hafurahii na picha ya utata ya Kathy Griffin ya Donald Trump, lakini mkurugenzi wa CNN anasema anatumai rafiki yake wa muda mrefu anaweza kurudi baada ya shida ya kichwa.	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/taylor-swift-new-song- mtazamo-what-you-made-me-do-apparent-kanye-west-diss-w499090	Taylor Swift Atoa Daladala ya wimbo wa Kanye	Legit
Celebrity	Slps	Jim Carrey Anahudhuria Fashion eek Party Ili tu kwa Vyama vya Mavazi ya eek	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Kylie ho? Caitlyn Jenner Rukia-Anza Mipango ya Kujiendeleza	RadarOnline.com inaweza kuonyesha wazi kuwa Caitlyn Jenner anachunguza kikamilifu mchakato wa kupitishwa kwa zabuni ya kukata tamaa ya kujaza utupu uliosababishwa na uhusiano wake uliokithiri na binti zake, Kendall na Kylie.	Fake
Celebrity	Brad Pitt Anarudi kwa Jen Aniston Wakati wa Talaka Yake Kutoka kwa Angelina Jolie (EXCLUSIVE)	Wakati Angelina Jolie anaendelea kupotosha kisu kwenye moyo wa Brad Pitt huku kukiwa na talaka inayokuja, muigizaji huyo wa miaka 53 anarudi kwa mke wake wa zamani, Jennifer Aniston kwa msaada, huko Touch amejifunza peke yake. Mwaka mmoja baada ya Angelina, 42, kumpofusha mumewe wa miaka miwili na karatasi za talaka, mwigizaji huyo aliamua kuachana na New York Times, akionyesha kwamba watoto wake sita wanafaa bila baba yao.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez Mipango ya eeknd ya Tarehe Mbili ya Jennifer Aniston Justin Theroux	"Ushauri wa upendo Jennifer Aniston, 48, alimpa Selena Gomez, 24, hakika amelipa Kwa hivyo nyota ya A-Orodha inasikia vipi kuhusu beau lake jipya la eeknd, 26? ""Jen hakufurahi zaidi kwa Selena. Anahisi kama kuna mtu yeyote anayestahili kufurahi na kupata mapenzi ya kweli ni Selena,"" mtu anayeingia ndani anaambia HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY. Tamu sana"	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian na Kanye est kutafuta michango ya hisani, sio Zawadi za watoto	Hakuna zawadi za watoto hapa, tafadhali	Legit
Celebrity	JLo Ilibuliwa na NBC Baada ya Viwango vya Kutisha - EXCLUSIVE	JLo Ilibuliwa na NBC Baada ya Viwango vya Kutisha - EXCLUSIVE	Fake
Celebrity	Je! Prince Harry Anaongozwa na Yale?	SIYO Tangu Prince illiam achague St Andrews kama mwigaji wake wa alma amekuwa na msisimko kama huo kwenye chuo kikuu, lakini wanafunzi wanaotegemea kuishia kushiriki densi na mkuu watatakiwa kuangalia mbele kidogo wakati huu wakati fununu zinaibuka kuwa Prince Harry yuko Yale-amefungwa. Mfalme wa miaka 31 anafikiriwa kuzingatia Shule ya Sheria ya Yale huko Connecticut kama hatua yake inayofuata baada ya kuacha jeshi, na wanafunzi wanafurahi sana	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie Anatishia Brad Pitt: Usiletee watoto karibu na Jennifer Aniston	Ingawa Angelina Jolie, 41, na Brad Pitt, 53, waliamua kutoa hati zao za kisheria zinazohusisha mgawanyiko wao binafsi mnamo Januari 10, 2017, wameripotiwa Angie walipata hitaji jipya la kuongeza mazungumzo yao ya kugawanyika. Hataki rafiki mpya wa Brad aripoti, Jennifer Aniston, 48, mahali popote karibu na watoto wake, kulingana na In touch.	Fake
Celebrity	Mpenzi wa Ryan Seacrest Shayna Taylor Atoka kwa Sababu Nzuri	Ryan Seacrest alimpeleka mpenzi wake Shayna Taylor nje kwa sababu kubwa jana usiku	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Anashikilia Blue Ivy, Anaonyesha Bomba la Watoto katika Siku ya Ukumbusho Bikini Pic	Oh, mtoto Beyoncé, ambaye ni mjamzito na anatarajia mapacha na mumewe Z Z, alichukua ukurasa wa Instagram kwenye Siku ya Ukumbusho, Jumatatu, Mei 29, kuonesha mtoto wake mapema kwenye picha ya kupendeza iliyo na binti yao wa miaka 5, Blue Ivy.	Legit
Celebrity	Cheers? Sloppy Jessica Simpson Eric Johnson Kuwa Booze Moguls	Jessica Simpson na Eric Johnson wanapenda sana uzoefu wao, wanazingatia kugeuza shauku yao kuwa biashara mpya, RadarOnline.com wamejifunza peke yao.	Fake
Celebrity	Tuzo za Filamu za Hollywood: Tazama kile Angelina Jolie, Margot Robbie na zaidi walikuwa wamevaa	Tuzo za Filamu za Hollywood zilifanyika jana usiku huko Los Angeles, na Margot Robbie (pichani la Louis Vuitton), Angelina Jolie na Dakota Johnson kati ya wageni warembo.	Legit
Celebrity	Kanye est - 'Nervous Breakdown' ... Kusukuma Mbali na Mkutano wa Mazishi ya Mama	Kusukuma Mbali na Mkutano wa Mazishi ya Mama	Fake
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus na Liam Hemsworth walivaa pete za harusi kwenye 'SNL' - na sasa mashabiki wana hakika kuwa waliolewa	"Wanandoa walikuwa kwenye mchoro wa ""Jumamosi Usiku Live"" pamoja. Jumamosi Usiku Live / YouTube"	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Wivu wa Mwili wa Kourtney's Bikini: akienda Mara mbili Siku ya Kushindana	Kim Kardashian ni kijani na wivu juu ya mwili wa dada yake bangin 'bikini. Lakini badala ya kumruhusu Kourtney Kardashian aibe kuangaza, ishara ya ngono ya OG itaendelea kwenye shambulio hilo. Hapa kuna mpango wake wa KUSUDI wa kuchukua nafasi ya uangalizi	Fake
Celebrity	Barack Obama 'Mchwa Kukata Chama Cha Chafu' Wakati wa Talaka Za Talaka | follownews	Kwa kuwa yeye yuko nje ya Nyumba nzuri na sio lazima aendelee na sura ya sham za upendo, Rais wa zamani Barack Obama amemteka mke wake Michelle kukomesha na amemaliza pete yake ya harusi, chanzo kinadai.	Fake
Celebrity	"Kelly Ripa na Megyn Kelly kwenye vita vya kupigia kura juu ya ""Megyn Kelly Leo"" na 'Moja kwa moja Kelly na Ryan'"	Mambo yanazidi kupata joto Megyn Kelly Leo na Live kwa Kelly na Ryan hewa wakati huo huo yanayopangwa (siku za wiki saa 9 asubuhi), kwa hivyo haishangazi kuna vita vya ratings zinaendelea kati ya mwenyeji Megyn Kelly na Kelly Ripa hivi sasa.	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye est as Designing Inaangalia Melania Trump Siku ya Uzinduzi Kabla ya Kuvunjika	Kanye est, 38, ni ufafanuzi wa kazi wa kweli. Kwa kuongezea safari yake ya kazi ya Saint Pablo ambayo ilifutwa tu, 'Ye aliongozwa kufanya mavazi yake kuwa kama popcorn na kwa siri aliweka pamoja muundo fulani wa Mwanamke wa kwanza wa Melania Trump, 46, kuvaa.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift Hufanya Kitambaa Cha Bold kwenye Jalada La Albamu yake	Taylor Swift amerejea rasmi. Asubuhi hii, baada ya kuzima kwa media ya kijamii kufuatwa kwa karibu na sehemu zisizo wazi za nyoka anayemaliza muda wake, Swift alirudisha pazia kwenye albino yake inayokuja, Replication - anatarajia kutolewa Novemba 10, kulingana na sura inayofuata - nyeusi na uzuri nyeupe risasi na kuchukua mpya juu ya alama ya alama ya biashara yake.	Legit
Celebrity	Rosie O'Donnell Anauza Nyumba Yake Ya Kisiwa cha Star kwa Milioni 16.5	2013-06-17T14: 07: 39-04: 00	Legit
Celebrity	Mfanyikazi wa misaada anadai Angelina Jolie alimchukua mtoto Maddox kwa kutumia maelezo bandia	Mfanyikazi wa misaada wa Kanada anatoa madai ya kushangaza juu ya kupitishwa kwa Angelina Jolie 2003 kupitishwa kwa mtoto wa zamani wa Maddox Jolie-Pitt.	Legit
Celebrity	Diva Set Jennifer Aniston's Diva Set - sio kula chakula cha mchana na Jumba, kifahari SUV Na Maili ya Trailer ya Kibinafsi Away	Jennifer Aniston ni orodha ya sinema ya orodha na RadarOnline.com amejifunza peke yake kwamba ndivyo anavyofanya kama kawaida.	Fake
Celebrity		Có phải đĩa đơn mới của Drake có nghĩa là anh ấy đã hoàn thành album gần đây nhất của anh ấy?	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie Amal Alamuddin: Đó là ar	hen George và Amal Clooney đã tổ chức lễ cưới lần thứ hai vào ngày 25 tháng 10, một lần nữa hai vị khách rất đáng chú ý bị mất tích - Brad Pitt và Angelina Jolie không thấy đâu	Fake
Celebrity	Một điều cho Blondes? Brad Pitt đã sẵn sàng để tiếp tục với Margot Robbie	Brad Pitt có trở lại với cô gái tóc vàng không? Ngay sau khi chia tay với Angelina Jolie, những tin đồn đã xoay quanh việc hóa học tại chỗ của Pitt với nữ diễn viên Đồng minh Marion Cotillard. Liên kết với nhiều bạn diễn trong suốt sự nghiệp lâu dài của anh ấy, bao gồm cả người sắp trở thành người yêu cũ của anh ấy, không có gì lạ khi Jolie không muốn anh ấy làm việc với vỏ bom tóc vàng, Margot Robbie. Một nguồn độc quyền cho các báo cáo của OK, ngay bây giờ, anh ấy nghĩ rằng cô ấy là cô gái nóng bỏng nhất Hollywood. Theo nguồn tin này, nam diễn viên 41 tuổi và Chủ tịch của Kế hoạch B Films đã cố gắng tán tỉnh cô cho nhiều dự án phim. Đây là một chủ đề nhức nhối với Angie, người đã chặn họ làm việc cùng nhau một vài lần. Bây giờ anh ấy độc thân một lần nữa, bạn có thể mong đợi Brad sẽ theo đuổi Margot với một niềm đam mê. Và ai có thể trách anh ta? Người đẹp Úc 26 tuổi đã được mệnh danh là Angelina Jolie mới, người hâm mộ khuấy động nỗi sợ hãi trong lòng những người vợ nổi tiếng. Cô có danh tiếng riêng về hóa học tại chỗ với các diễn viên đã kết hôn trong đó có Smith. Đó là những cảnh sex nóng bỏng và nặng nề và những bức ảnh xuất hiện trong số họ trông thật ấm cúng từ máy ảnh, chính Smith đã phải giải quyết những tin đồn trên twitter.	Fake
Celebrity	Tom Hiddleston Choáng váng Taylor Swift đã giới thiệu anh ấy trên Album mới: Đây là hy	Hile hầu hết những người đang hoặc đang ở trong cuộc sống của Taylor Swift rất có thể biết họ sẽ được gọi ra khỏi album của cô ấy, Tom Hiddleston nghĩ rằng anh ấy an toàn Nhưng, được nhắc đến anh ấy trong TO track Đây là những gì anh ấy nghĩ	Fake
Celebrity	JENNIFER ANISTON HINTS TẠI FRUNENDS REUNION	"Jennifer Aniston đang khiến người hâm mộ Friends rất vui mừng Nữ diễn viên gợi ý cô sẽ sẵn sàng xuất hiện trong một cuộc hội ngộ của chương trình NBC đình đám. ""Điều duy nhất tôi có thể nghĩ làm có lẽ là để vui khi thực hiện một chương trình Lễ Tạ ơn,"" Aniston nói trên một chương trình trò chuyện của Anh. Tuy nhiên, một phát ngôn viên của arner Bros., studio sản xuất Friends, nói với tờ New York Post rằng không có cuộc thảo luận sơ bộ nào về chương trình hội ngộ Friends."	Fake
Celebrity	Lindsay Lohan: Starlet Lusting sau Vladimir Putin	"LiLo bất ngờ nhắm vào đôi mắt rực lửa của mình vào ""Kremlin Krotch"", nói với bạn bè rằng cô sẽ lên giường và cưới người đàn ông khét tiếng Xô Viết Vladimir Putin - và sau đó được chính thức trao vương miện ""Công chúa Pootie-Tang của Nga"""	Fake
Celebrity	Cuộc tranh luận về khoa học Katie Holmes Jenna Elfman bị bắt trong vụ lúng túng 'GMA'	Lần đầu tiên, bộ phim tại Good Morning America không liên quan đến Robin Roberts và kẻ thù mới của cô, Michael Strahan.	Fake
Celebrity	Kiến Kanye est tham gia kinh doanh mỹ phẩm như Kylie	Kanye est muốn đối đầu với chị dâu nổi tiếng của mình ... lặn đầu tiên vào công ty mỹ phẩm do Kylie Jenner thống trị.	Fake
Celebrity	Khiêu vũ với dàn sao 2017 Bao gồm Charo, Bonner Bolton, Heather Morris More	"Bạn đang khiêu vũ với những vì sao? Hãy cùng tìm hiểu Dàn diễn viên Dancing with the Stars 2017 mới được công bố trên Good Morning America Các thí sinh mùa 24 đã ra mắt trên Season Premiere, cũng đánh dấu tập thứ 400 của Dancing with the Stars. Chương trình phát sóng NGÀY 8 | 7c trên ABC. Đội hình của mùa giải này bao gồm Bonner Bolton, Mr. T, Olympians Simone Biles và Nancy Kerrigan, Heather Morris và cô gái ""Cuchi-Cuchi"" ban đầu, Charo, chỉ kể tên một vài người. Kiểm tra toàn bộ dàn diễn viên Dancing with the Stars dưới đây sau khi bạn tận hưởng số mở màn tuyệt vời từ buổi ra mắt phần 24"	Legit
Celebrity	Kirsten Dunst giải thích lý do cô khóc trên thảm đỏ Cannes 2017	Kirsten Dunst bị phát hiện khóc một cách bí ẩn trên thảm đỏ tại Liên hoan phim Cannes năm nay, và bây giờ có vẻ như chúng ta có một lời giải thích cho sự bùng nổ bất ngờ.	Legit
Celebrity	Bên trong phòng tắm em bé của Beyoncé	Đừng hành động như bạn không biết Beyoncé sẽ tắt nó khi đi tắm em bé.	Legit
Celebrity	Hoàng tử - Sự thật đằng sau việc dùng thuốc quá liều	"Như ENQUIRER đã báo cáo, Prince đã được chẩn đoán nhiễm HIV, loại virus gây ra bệnh AIDS, vào những năm 1990. Sự khôn ngoan của Đức Giê-hô-va đã chọn không chiến đấu với căn bệnh chết người bằng thuốc do đức tin của anh ta, tin rằng ""Chúa sẽ cứu tôi"" Sáu tháng trước, anh ta được các bác sĩ nói rằng anh ta bị AIDS toàn thân và chỉ còn sáu tháng để sống, các nguồn tin cho biết. ""Anh ấy không thể chịu đựng nỗi đau mà căn bệnh đã gây ra cho anh ấy ở giai đoạn cuối"", một người trong cuộc nói với ENQUIRER. ""Và anh ấy không muốn từ từ lãng phí"""	Fake
Celebrity	Blake Lively về điềm báo ở Hollywood, đạo diễn và có thể tái hợp 'Cô gái buôn chuyện'	Là một trong những sức mạnh điềm báo của Variety, Blake Lively sẽ tham dự một bữa ăn trưa vào thứ Sáu để hỗ trợ cho Liên minh Cứu hộ Trẻ em. Đối với vấn đề của tuần này, nữ diễn viên đã nói về những người phụ nữ ở Hollywood, quay ở New York cho cô gái G Rum Girl, vụng trộm và những gì cô ấy tìm kiếm trong một vai diễn.	Legit
Celebrity	Nicole Kidman Cuối cùng cũng thừa nhận Botox	Theo như chúng tôi có thể nói, Botox đứng đầu danh sách những thú vui tội lỗi của người nổi tiếng: Mọi người đều làm điều đó, nhưng không ai nói về điều đó. Ngoại trừ Nicole Kidman, đó là.	Legit
Celebrity	Tom Cruise lúng túng đặt câu hỏi về con gái Suri	Tom Cruise lịch sự trả lời một câu hỏi về con gái Suri tại buổi ra mắt Xác ướp của anh đêm qua, nhưng dường như không đủ thoải mái khi nói về cô để giải thích câu trả lời.	Legit
Celebrity	Vâng, Kim Kardashian và Kanye est đang ký một Prenup, nhưng Guess ho là chính xác hơn	Việc Kim Kardashian và Kanye est lên kế hoạch ký một thỏa thuận tiền hôn nhân có lẽ sẽ không gây ngạc nhiên cho nhiều người, nhưng những tuyên bố gần đây về người có giá trị hơn có lẽ sẽ có.	Legit
Celebrity	Caitlyn Jenner: những tin đồn sai lệch xung quanh cô, mối quan hệ gia đình căng thẳng và cuốn hồi ký thẳng thắn của cô Đọc trên đây -	RadarOnline đã xuất bản một câu chuyện về Caitlyn, tuyên bố rằng ngôi sao truyền hình thực tế chuyển giới và cựu thành viên đang lên mạng để khám phá khả năng tình dục của cô và đã được thưởng thức một số 'bí mật trên mạng'. Định nghĩa của 'hookups' chưa được làm rõ trong câu chuyện. Nhưng báo cáo nói rằng Caitlyn Jenner đã tham gia vào các mối tình lãng mạn trực tuyến mà không có bất kỳ tương tác ngoại tuyến nào với khách hàng. Tờ báo lá cải đã trích dẫn một người trong cuộc nói:	Legit
Celebrity	Nữ diễn viên Aquaman Nicole Kidman và Amber Heard thù hận trên phim trường DC?	James an bắt đầu quay phim cho Aquaman ở Úc vào tháng trước. Hile Jason Momoa và nữ diễn viên Mera Amber Heard đã quay cảnh đầu tiên của họ cùng nhau, nữ diễn viên Nữ hoàng Atlanna Nicole Kidman đã đạt được vài ngày trước. Sau khi cô hạ cánh, đã có những tia lửa thù hận trên trường quay.	Fake
Celebrity	Chelsea Handler nghĩ rằng 'Thật điên rồ' Mọi người nghĩ Jennifer Aniston quan tâm đến việc chiếc mũ đang diễn ra giữa Angelina Jolie và Brad Pitt	Tiếng cười là liều thuốc tốt nhất khi đối phó với những tin đồn ở Hollywood, ít nhất là đối với Chelsea Handler và bestie Jennifer Aniston.	Legit
Celebrity	Chelsea Handler không có gì hay để nói về Ben Affleck (ĐỘC QUYỀN)	Hoes over bros Rõ ràng, diễn viên hài Chelsea Handler dành câu thần chú đó vì cô sẵn sàng xé nát người bạn thân nhất của mình, người yêu cũ của Jennifer Garner, Ben Affleck. Người đàn ông 42 tuổi này là TeamJen 100 phần trăm trong cuộc chia tay Ben / Jen - và thành thật mà nói, bạn có thể đổ lỗi cho cô ấy không? In Touch có tin sốt dẻo về chính xác những gì Chelsea có trong cửa hàng cho ngôi sao Argo.	Fake
Celebrity	Giải Oscar: Mel Gibson, Casey Affleck và Thang trượt hình phạt đạo đức của Hollywood	"Nhà vệ sinh nam của Nhà hát Landmark ở est LA là nơi tốt nhất để đánh giá tình cảm thực sự của cử tri Oscar. Sau một buổi trình diễn của Hacksaw Ridge vài ngày thứ bảy trước, tôi thấy mình rửa tay bên cạnh hai quý ông - cả hai dường như khoảng 63, tuổi trung bình của các thành viên Viện hàn lâm, với một người đội mũ Kung Fu Panda 2 (loại mũ một người đàn ông trưởng thành không mặc trừ khi anh ta làm việc trên phim) thảo luận về những gì họ vừa thấy. ""Không muốn như thế nhưng ..."", người đàn ông đầu tiên nói, bỏ đi. ""Nhưng Mel có thể chỉ đạo,"" người bạn kết thúc."	Legit
Celebrity	Vanessa Lachey phá vỡ sự im lặng giữa những tin đồn thù hận 'D TS'	Bộ đôi nhảy này đang cố gắng tìm nhịp điệu của họ.	Legit
Celebrity	Thảm họa biên tập 220M của George Clooney - Prenup Feud, Danh sách khách mời Flub Planner Quit	Lễ cưới sắp tới của George Clooney với vị hôn thê Amal Alamuddin trở thành thảm họa - một cặp vợ chồng đã cãi nhau, lo lắng về một danh sách khách mời và kế hoạch đám cưới của họ bỏ cuộc - và cặp đôi thậm chí không thể đi xuống	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian nói chuyện thay thế	Cô ấy đang mong đợi đứa con thứ ba của mình thông qua người thay thế.	Fake
Celebrity	Phẫu thuật thẩm mỹ bí mật của Janet Jackson	Janet Jackson mệt mỏi vì giấu bàn tay bà già khô héo của mình dưới tay áo dài và găng tay - vì vậy bây giờ cô ấy đang trang điểm cho họ	Fake
Celebrity	Người cha mới Ryan Gosling ngậm điếu thuốc khi anh đóng bộ phim mới The Nice Guys	Ryan Gosling trên trường quay bộ phim mới 'The Nice Guys' ở Atlanta ngày hôm qua [AKM-GSI]	Legit
Celebrity	Truyền thông xã hội gây nghiện Kim Kardashian bị đánh đập vì bỏ qua quy tắc không có điện thoại tại phiên bản của Serena illiams	Một người trong cuộc nói với chúng tôi rằng một người giữ trẻ đã theo dõi ngôi sao truyền hình thực tế để đảm bảo cô ấy tôn trọng các quy tắc. Chắc chắn đám cưới của Serena illiams và Alexis Ohanian là một điều đáng nhớ và Kim Kardashian cũng ở đó. Nhưng như chúng ta đã biết, Keeping Up with the Kardashians celeb gặp khó khăn khi tránh xa phương tiện truyền thông xã hội quá lâu.	Fake
Celebrity	Nicole Kidman quyến rũ thoải mái qua một bình luận về nụ hôn của Alexander Skarsgård tại Emmys	"À, Nicole Kidman và Keith Urban. Cô, một người cố định phim Úc đã từng kết hôn với người đàn ông hàng đầu Hollywood. Anh ấy, một ca sĩ nhạc đồng quê người Úc có trái tim ở Columbia. Cùng nhau họ là một cặp đôi quyền lực hai bờ biển, hai quốc gia, hai lục địa. Tiếp tục, xem họ đi xuống bất kỳ thảm đỏ nào cùng nhau và cố gắng không bị ảnh hưởng. Họ là hai nhà máy quyến rũ, họ đưa ra những lựa chọn tóc đặc biệt Một cách yêu thương, mọi người đều thích, mũ nón? Huh? Trên môi?"""	Legit
Celebrity	ATCH: Marla Maples của Donald Trump có cảm xúc về cuộc sống như một bà mẹ đơn thân khi khiêu vũ với các ngôi sao	"""Tôi chỉ coi việc có một đứa con là món quà tuyệt vời nhất trên thế giới"", vợ cũ của Donald Trump nói trong clip xem trước Dancing with the Stars dành riêng cho NHÂN DÂN. ""Mỗi một khoảnh khắc, tốt, thử thách, vui vẻ, đau đớn, tất cả đều rất quan trọng."""	Legit
Celebrity	Cập nhật 'Fifty Shades Darker': Jamie Dornan, Dakota Johnson chia tay sau khi gây thù hận trên phim trường; Phát hành phim bị trì hoãn?	Fifty Shades Darker hiện có thể gặp rắc rối với mối thù truyền kiếp giữa các thành viên diễn viên Jamie Dornan và Dakota Johnson.	Fake
Celebrity		Kylie 'Fuming' Over 'Copycat' Sister Kim's Launch	Fake
Celebrity	Madonna ant gửi Rocco nổi loạn đến trường quân sự?	Lý do tại sao con trai của Madonna, Rocco, chốt cho nhà của cha mình đang trở nên rõ ràng hơn. Có vẻ như Madonna ở nhà nghiêm khắc hơn một chút so với người ta tưởng tượng, và cô muốn gửi con trai Rocco đến trường quân đội. Rocco Ritchie, 15 tuổi, không muốn đi và trong chuyến lưu diễn với Madonna, anh đã chạy đi sống với cha mình.	Fake
Celebrity	Tyga tiết lộ chi tiết về việc chia tay Kylie Jenner	Trong một cuộc phỏng vấn mới với Big Boy TV, Tyga - một tháng sau khi chia tay với Kylie Jenner - đã tiết lộ thông tin mới về những gì dẫn đến sự sụp đổ của cặp đôi.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian 'Dị ứng' với đồ trang sức sau vụ cướp Paris thảm khốc	Mặc dù đã được một thời gian kể từ đó và tất cả chúng ta đều nghĩ rằng ngôi sao truyền hình thực tế tốt hơn rất nhiều, nhưng có vẻ như vụ cướp kinh hoàng ở Paris vẫn còn rất nhiều trong tâm trí của Kim Kardashian.	Fake
Celebrity	Kris Jenner quan tâm đến các thế hệ tương lai của Kardashians	Kris Jenner, mẹ của sáu và bà ngoại đến sáu tuổi, là một người mẫu giáo bận rộn. Kể từ khi bắt đầu chương trình thực tế của gia đình cô vào năm 2007, rõ ràng là cô đã tập trung một mắt vào rạp xiếc truyền hình thực tế và mắt còn lại về việc rạp xiếc đó ảnh hưởng đến gia đình cô như thế nào. Trong một cuộc thảo luận trên truyền hình thực tế mới với The Hollywood Reporter, Jenner nói rằng cô lo lắng về việc sáu đứa cháu của mình sẽ bị ảnh hưởng như thế nào bởi công việc kinh doanh của gia đình.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber hỏi 'Taylor Swift hat Up' trong Pic ith Kanye est	"Tôi không chắc nó có ý nghĩa gì, nhưng vào sáng thứ Ba (2 tháng 8) Justin Bieber đã gợi ra hơn 85.000 bình luận chỉ trong vòng chưa đầy sáu giờ để chụp một chiếc kính râm kiểu tròn John Lennon, FaceTiming không ai khác ngoài Kanye est Nhưng đó là chú thích có Internet suy đoán: ""Taylor nhanh lên,"" Bieber viết."	Legit
Celebrity	'Diễn viên thứ hai' Diễn viên Milo Ventimiglia Jennifer Lopez Không ai có thể kiểm soát cảm xúc của họ	Hãy sẵn sàng cho một trong những cặp đôi phim hot nhất từ trước đến nay ... và đó là một điều khá bất ngờ, Milo Ventimiglia, người hâm mộ cuồng nhiệt trên truyền hình vừa ký hợp đồng với bộ phim hài lãng mạn sắp tới của Jennifer Lopez, và có vẻ như chúng ta sẽ thấy một số tia lửa bay giữa chúng. Milo Ventimiglia sẽ đóng vai bạn trai của J. Lo trong bộ phim mới, theo Variety, và tin tức casting đã khiến người hâm mộ của hai ngôi sao rung chuyển.	Legit
Celebrity	Kevin Hart Begs ife Eniko Parrish vì sự tha thứ đó là 250000 Quà tặng đẩy	Kevin Hart đang tự nói với bản thân mình - không có gì nói rằng tôi xin lỗi vì đã lừa dối và làm nhục bạn như một món quà 250.000.	Fake
Celebrity	Chris Pratt Snub Justin Bieber Tình bạn	Các ngôi sao cầu nguyện cùng nhau chơi? Không, nếu họ là Justin Bieber và Chris Pratt	Fake
Celebrity	Leah Remini bật mí về tình bạn của cô ấy, Jennifer Lopez và sự kết nối khoa học	Jennifer Lopez và cựu nhà khoa học Leah Remini là những người bạn tốt nhất. Họ đã biết nhau được vài năm và đã trải qua rất nhiều. Hãy đến những gì có thể, tình bạn của họ thấm qua. Dường như Leah là người duy nhất có kết nối với Nhà thờ Khoa học, nhưng thực tế không phải vậy.	Fake
Celebrity	Hoàng tử illiam Kate tham dự bữa tiệc Royal Garden đầu tiên của mùa	thời tiết ấm áp đến một điều: tiệc vườn	Legit
Celebrity	Cameron Diaz	Sơ yếu lý lịch	Fake
Celebrity	Kevin Hart và ife Eniko Parrish Chia sẻ những bức ảnh ngọt ngào của bé Kenzo	Kevin Hart và vợ Eniko Parrish đã chia sẻ một bức ảnh đáng yêu về đứa con mới sinh của họ, Kenzo Kash Hart, và cha mẹ không thể giúp đỡ	Legit
Celebrity	Feuds lớn nhất và chiến đấu bao giờ hết	Costar xung đột với những người nổi tiếng vẫn chuyên nghiệp khi các máy quay đang quay, phía sau hậu trường có những trận đấu, khóc và trợn mắt. Họ đã bị buộc phải làm việc cùng nhau trong một vài mùa của một chương trình truyền hình ăn khách hoặc một vài tháng cho một bộ phim, những ngôi sao này dường như không thể hòa hợp với nhau.	Fake
Celebrity	Caitlyn Jenner: Robert Kardashian tin rằng OJ Simpson phạm tội giết người	"Cuốn hồi ký sắp tới của Caitlyn Jenner, The Secrets of My Life, được quảng cáo là cuốn sách mà cô ""phản ánh về quá khứ của mình khi cô nhìn về tương lai của mình."" Cô ấy chạm vào một số chủ đề, chẳng hạn như chiến thắng Olympic của cô ấy và ba cuộc hôn nhân thất bại, tiết lộ mà Robert Kardashian đã cáo buộc nói với cô rằng anh ta tin rằng OJ Simpson có tội giết Nicole Brown Simpson và Ronald Goldman đang làm dậy sóng."	Legit
Celebrity	Tuyên bố Anne Hathaway đưa ra yêu cầu 'diva' tại sự kiện từ thiện	ANNE Hathaway đã bị buộc tội hành động như một diva và gửi một danh sách dài các yêu cầu trước một sự kiện từ thiện ung thư ở Santa Monica hồi đầu tháng này.	Fake
Celebrity	QUEEN BEY Beyonce được Taylor Swift CẤM từ các VMA	Ngày 27 tháng 8 năm 2016: Trong trường hợp bạn đang tự hỏi ai là người quan trọng nhất trong âm nhạc - đó là BEYONCE. Đầu tuần này đã có thông báo rằng Taylor Swift sẽ KHÔNG được biểu diễn tại VMA Awards năm nay. Theo báo cáo, chính Beyonce đã bị Taylor cấm.	Fake
Celebrity	Kylie Jenner kỳ vọng là một 'kẻ liều lĩnh trong tình cảm' giấu giếm, tiết lộ nguồn - 'Cô ấy cảm thấy rất cô đơn'	Điều tồi tệ hơn nữa là sự giúp đỡ thực sự duy nhất của cô ấy, vợ chồng Kris Jenner không thực sự có thời gian để đối phó với bộ phim truyền hình của con gái út. Theo các báo cáo mới, sự căng thẳng của việc phải giữ thai của cô ấy dưới sự bọc lót đã và đang gây tổn hại cho Kylie Jenner, 20 tuổi.	Fake
Celebrity	Fifty Shades Darker news: Jamie Dornan tiết lộ SỰ THẬT đằng sau sự 'lúng túng' của Dakota Johnson	Ngôi sao của bộ phim DARKER Jamie Dornan đã tiết lộ mối quan hệ của anh với bạn diễn Dakota Johnson thực sự như thế nào - thừa nhận bộ phim đầu tiên hơi khó hiểu.	Legit
Celebrity	hoopi Goldberg Người dẫn chương trình mới Rosie O'Donnell At ar - Căng thẳng về 'The View', Cuộc chiến sắp xếp chỗ ngồi	Chỉ vài tuần nữa cho đến khi The View ra mắt với hoopi Goldberg và Rosie O'Donnell, RadarOnline.com đã biết rằng trên phim trường, hai diva đã sẵn sàng để biết ai sẽ có được vị trí điều hành.	Fake
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson và FKA Twigs tham dự Cannes trong His-and-Hers Dior	Robert Pattinson và FKA Twigs hiếm khi tuân thủ các quy tắc phong cách truyền thống, và khi đến lúc cặp đôi này đến Cannes, họ đã mang đến cho thảm đỏ một khoảnh khắc táo bạo của các cặp đôi. Khi nghe Dior của anh ấy và cô ấy tại buổi ra mắt bộ phim mới nhất của Pattinson, Good Time, họ đã cho thấy hai mặt của thương hiệu Pháp được lưu trữ, với Pattinson, một gương mặt của nhãn hiệu, trở nên cổ điển trong bộ đồ đen Dioromme ba mảnh và Cành cây chọn cho sự táo bạo trong một chiếc váy có in bưu thiếp.	Legit
Celebrity	Chris Pratt và Anna Faris chắc chắn đang nuôi dạy một đứa trẻ nhà hát	Con trai bốn tuổi của Chris Pratt và Anna Faris, Jack, đang lớn lên trong một lớp học về nhà hát nhập vai. hen Pratt đã nói chuyện với Ellen DeGeneres trong chương trình trò chuyện vào thứ Sáu, anh ấy nói rằng anh ấy và Faris, cả hai đều là diễn viên chuyên nghiệp, làm cha mẹ, đặc biệt là thời gian kể chuyện, rất nghiêm túc.	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie về Campuchia 'thức tỉnh'	"Angelina Jolie đã nói về việc Campuchia là ""sự thức tỉnh"" của cô như thế nào, khi cô công chiếu bộ phim mới của mình ở nước này."	Legit
Celebrity		Bà bầu Kylie Jenner 'Rất tự giác' về cơ thể thay đổi của mình, cho biết nguồn	Fake
Celebrity	Giải thưởng Emmy ban ngày 2015: Betty hite, Ellen DeGeneres Nhiều người tham gia	Những người yêu thích truyền hình trỗi dậy và tỏa sáng Đã đến lúc ăn mừng điều tốt nhất vào ban ngày.	Legit
Celebrity	Laverne Cox và Rob Lowe hoan nghênh Caitlyn Jenner cho bài phát biểu của ESPYS	Những người nổi tiếng bao gồm LAVERNE COX, ROB LO E và RUSSELL SIMMONS đã đưa lên phương tiện truyền thông xã hội để chúc mừng CAITLYN JENNER vì bài phát biểu chấp nhận mạnh mẽ của cô tại ESPYS vào tối thứ bảy (15Jul15).	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce có một chuyến thăm bất ngờ từ Hillary Clinton	Hillary Clinton gần đây đã đến thăm Nữ hoàng ... Bey, đó là	Fake
Celebrity	"Leonardo DiCaprio cũng rất thích nhìn chằm chằm vào ""Salvator Mundi"", 100 triệu da Vinci"	Người ta thường không mong đợi tìm thấy Leonardo DiCaprio, Patti Smith, Alex Rodriguez và Jennifer Lopez trong cùng một bữa tiệc (tốt, hai người cuối cùng, có lẽ), nhưng cuối tuần này, cả bốn người trong số 4.500 người tham dự dự kiến đấu giá tại Christie. Ở đó, họ đã có cơ hội để mắt đến Salv Salvator Mundi, một bức tranh của Leonardo da Vinci trước đây bị cho là đã bị quảng cáo là Chuyện The Last da Vinci trộm dẫn đến buổi đấu giá tối nay.	Legit
Celebrity	Sự lãng mạn 'đáng xấu hổ' của Tom Hiddleston có phải Taylor Swift đã trả cho anh ta một công việc không?	"Sự lãng mạn của Yike, Tom Hiddleston và Taylor Swift (showmance?) Thực sự không có tác dụng mà các đội PR của họ đã hy vọng, với việc Tom bị mất một hợp đồng lớn do màn hình ""đáng xấu hổ""."	Fake
Celebrity	Người đàn ông mới của Scarlett Johansson đã xác nhận họ đang hẹn hò	Từ các biên tập viên của HelloGiggles	Legit
Celebrity	Kathy Griffin dự đoán sự nghiệp đã kết thúc, ông Trump nói 'đã phá vỡ tôi'	Diễn viên hài nổi tiếng Kathy Griffin nói rằng cô ấy không sợ Donald Trump và có kế hoạch tiếp tục chọc cười anh ấy nhưng vẫn cho rằng cô ấy xin lỗi vì một đoạn video miêu tả cô ấy giống như cái đầu đẫm máu, bị cắt đứt của tổng thống.	Legit
Celebrity	Sự trả thù đáng gờm Selena Gomez và Orlando Bloom đang nối lại để khiến Miranda Kerr và Justin Bieber ghen tị?	Cuối tuần này không phải là lần đầu tiên chúng tôi thấy Selena Gomez và Orlando Bloom cùng nhau, vậy bạn có thể trách chúng tôi vì đã suy đoán không ???	Fake
Celebrity	Kevin Hart và Eniko Parrish chào đón em bé	Diễn viên hài đã tweet hôm thứ ba rằng vợ anh, Eniko Parrish, đã sinh con trai của họ.	Legit
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson Cuối cùng đã có bộ phim thành công - Lời nguyền hoàng hôn? | Celeb Giặt bẩn	Robert Pattinson phấn khởi trước thành công của bộ phim sắp ra mắt, Good Good Time. Bộ phim được công chiếu tại Liên hoan phim Cannes và bộ phim và diễn viên đã nhận được sự hoan nghênh kéo dài sáu phút. Cũng có tiếng vang Oscar xung quanh Robert, với một số suy đoán anh có thể nhận được đề cử Nam diễn viên xuất sắc nhất.	Fake
Celebrity	Jim Carrey trên hành tinh khác nghĩ rằng loài bò sát ngoài hành tinh cai trị trái đất	Truyện tranh Jim Carrey bí mật là tín đồ của một kẻ âm mưu kooky, người tin rằng các loài bò sát ngoài hành tinh điều hành thế giới Ngay cả nuttier, ngôi sao Dumb và Dumber có kế hoạch công khai với cam kết của mình để đánh bại lý thuyết kỳ quái của David Icke	Fake
Celebrity	Hướng dẫn thời trang lớn của Victoria Beckham: Posh Spice viết cuốn sách nói với Brits cách ăn mặc	Posh chuẩn bị phát hành cuốn sách vào năm tới để đánh dấu 10 năm trong ngành kinh doanh thời trang. Nhà thiết kế chuyển giới Spice Girl được cho là đã hợp tác với biên tập viên tạp chí Vogue Hoa Kỳ Anna intour. Cặp đôi này đã trở thành bạn thân trong những năm gần đây, với intour được cho là động lực đằng sau hướng dẫn.	Fake
Celebrity	Mehgan James lên tiếng về tin đồn hẹn hò của Rob Kardashian	"Rob Kardashian đã tìm thấy một tiếng la ó mới trong Bad Girls Club alum Mehgan James? Các phương tiện truyền thông đã bắt đầu đưa tin vào tuần trước rằng Rob và Mehgan đang ở ""giai đoạn đầu"" trong mối quan hệ của họ, với một người trong cuộc giấu tên nói với In Touch, ""Rob đã nhìn thấy Mehgan James trong gần ba tháng, và hầu hết những người Kardashian rất buồn về điều đó bởi vì Mehgan nổi tiếng là mất kiểm soát và không ổn định. Người Kardashian muốn Rob tìm một người phụ nữ tốt bụng và bình tĩnh. """	Legit
Celebrity	Là Leonardo DiCaprio mất hứng thú với cuộc sống tình yêu giữa cuộc khủng hoảng giữa cuộc đời?	Tên của ngôi sao Titanic gần đây đã bị một tạp chí lôi kéo và tuyên bố ngôi sao 43 tuổi đang trở nên chống đối xã hội từng ngày.	Fake
Celebrity	Kris Jenner vừa phá vỡ sự im lặng của cô ấy khi mang thai của Kylie	Nếu bạn chưa biết rằng Kylie Jenner đang mang thai, tốt, hãy để tôi là người đầu tiên nói với bạn: Kylie Jenner đang mang thai	Legit
Celebrity	Sour Note Zayn Buộc vào Disetous Duet ith Taylor	RadarOnline.com đã học được bản song ca Fifty Shades Darker của Zayn Malik và Taylor Swift chỉ xuất hiện sau khi anh buộc phải hợp tác với siêu sao.	Fake
Celebrity	Brad Pitt cố gắng mỉm cười tại sự kiện Hollywood, Cileody Battle Ear Him Down	Sau một cuộc chiến dài tại tòa án với người vợ cũ Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt đã xuất hiện với một hào quang thư giãn và mỉm cười ở Malibu vào tối thứ Bảy.	Fake
Celebrity	"Julia Roberts và Daniel Moder có thể đứng đầu ly hôn: ""Các vấn đề cứ chồng chất"""	Nói không phải vậy	Fake
Celebrity	Kiến Kendall Jenner sẽ thoát khỏi tộc Kardashian	Kendall Jenner đã sẵn sàng để chuyển đến từ gia đình nổi tiếng In Touch của cô đã biết rằng người mẫu 18 tuổi muốn rời khỏi Kardashians để tiếp tục sự nghiệp của mình.	Fake
Celebrity	Jessica Simpson nháy mông cho sinh nhật của Eric Johnson: Pic	Ít hơn là Jessica Simpson đã tổ chức sinh nhật lần thứ 38 của chồng Eric Johnson bằng cách chia sẻ một lời khen ngợi tuyệt vời cho Instagram vào Chủ nhật, ngày 17 tháng 9.	Legit
Celebrity	Trại của Melania từ chối báo cáo 'giường riêng' của eekly	Melania Trump đã ban hành lệnh điều hành của riêng mình: Cô từ chối chia sẻ giường với Donald Trump.	Legit
Celebrity	Mariah Carey trong các cuộc đàm phán cho The X Factor - báo cáo	Mariah Carey đang đàm phán để tham gia ban giám khảo The X Factor.	Legit
Celebrity	Những đứa trẻ của Chris Hemsworth, Charlize Theron đã chơi cùng nhau trên bộ 'Huntsman'	Một vở kịch khá tuyệt vời Chris Hemsworth và Charlize Theron tiết lộ rằng cả hai đã đưa con của họ đi làm trong khi họ đang quay The Huntsman: inter's ar, và nó đã thay đổi hoàn toàn động lực của bộ phim.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston: Tôi không phải là 'Người buồn, trẻ con'	Jennifer Aniston không nghi ngờ gì về việc chồng Justin Theroux là người dành cho cô.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston muốn thành lập một trung tâm chăm sóc sức khỏe	Jennifer Aniston muốn mở một trung tâm chăm sóc sức khỏe trong tương lai. Các không gian sẽ điều trị nhà, cũng như một quán cà phê khỏe mạnh.	Legit
Celebrity	Brad Pitt văn bản Jennifer Aniston không ngừng nghỉ: Tìm kiếm sự hỗ trợ cảm xúc mãnh liệt sau khi Angelina Jolie ly hôn | Celeb Giặt bẩn	Brad Pitt và Jennifer Aniston được cho là đã liên lạc lại qua việc nhắn tin, mặc dù các nguồn tin từ cả hai phía đang rơi vào nhau để làm rõ rằng đó là 'chỉ nhắn tin' và không có gì nghiêm trọng hơn.	Fake
Celebrity	mũ Cher thực sự ăn trong một ngày để ở lại rất phù hợp không thể tin được	Tại lễ trao giải âm nhạc Billboard, Cher đã lên sân khấu để biểu diễn hai bản hit hay nhất của mình và chúng tôi đã rất ngạc nhiên khi người nhận giải thưởng Biểu tượng Billboard đáng kinh ngạc ở tuổi 71.	Legit
Celebrity	Hoàng tử Kate Middleton illiam Cố gắng cứu vãn hôn nhân tan vỡ?	Nếu đúng, có tin đồn rằng đó có thể là bà ngoại của Hoàng tử Illiam. Nó đã được báo cáo trước đây rằng cô ấy không thích cách phổ biến của Kate.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift khóc trong buổi biểu diễn AMA đau lòng của Selena Gomez, nhận được một số ánh mắt nghiêm túc	"Taylor Swift đã xúc động rơi nước mắt bởi màn trình diễn đầu tay của ""The Heart ants hat It ants"" của Selena Gomez tại Lễ trao giải Âm nhạc Mỹ 2014."	Legit
Celebrity	Hoàng tử illiam và Kate Middleton Di chuyển ra khỏi Cung điện Kensington? | Celeb Giặt bẩn	Hoàng tử illiam và Kate Middleton đã nghĩ đến việc rời khỏi Cung điện Kensington. Đó là bởi vì illiam không muốn con của mình là Hoàng tử George và Công chúa Charlotte lớn lên sau những bức tường cung điện. Thay vào đó, anh muốn họ sống một cuộc sống ngoài ánh đèn sân khấu và càng xa các tay săn ảnh càng tốt.	Fake
Celebrity	"Brad Pitt là ""Vẫn còn liên lạc"", đó là Ex Jennifer Aniston sau khi Angelina Jolie ly hôn (BÁO CÁO)"	Nói về exes thân thiện	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye est's Next Move?	Có gì đó thiếu. Bạn có cảm nhận được nó không? Một sự xoắn nhẹ trong vũ trụ, nhanh chóng và tinh tế, nhưng một dấu hiệu rõ ràng cho thấy một cái gì đó trên thế giới chỉ thay đổi. À, đây là những gì mà Kanye est vừa xóa tài khoản Twitter và Instagram của anh ấy.	Legit
Celebrity	Dưới đây là cách Kim Kardashian est, Kanye est và North est Do eekend Style tại Trung tâm thương mại	Giữa các chuyến đi đến Paris Fashion eek và Ikea's HQ ở Thụy Điển, các este đã có một tuần bận rộn. Nhưng giống như hầu hết các gia đình, họ thích làm những ngày cuối tuần gần nhà hơn và đến thăm trung tâm mua sắm địa phương của họ ở Los Angeles ngày hôm qua, dừng lại ở orkshop Build-A-Bear trong việc phối hợp trang phục.	Legit
Celebrity	Miranda Lambert nghi thức đăng bài Yêu thương nhân kỷ niệm 2 năm với bạn trai Anderson East	Miranda Lambert đã đánh dấu kỷ niệm lần thứ hai của mình với Anderson East vào thứ ba bằng cách chia sẻ một bức ảnh ngọt ngào trên Instagram của cô ấy và cô ấy đã chia sẻ một nụ hôn.	Legit
Celebrity	YOUNG MA SAYS NICKI MINAJ LÀ 'JUST SHO ING LOVE, GIVING PROPS': ATCH	Nhận được đánh giá cao từ Nicki Minaj là mơ ước của bất kỳ ai, và nghệ sĩ đầu tiên của Fuse Young MA là người may mắn khi Minaj gọi vào chương trình radio Breakfast Club để nói về người mới nổi vào tháng 10.	Legit
Celebrity	Đây là chiếc mũ Justin Bieber đã làm thay vì đi đến giải Grammy	Mặc dù kiếm được bốn đề cử cho album Purpose, Justin Bieber không có kế hoạch tham dự lễ trao giải Grammy năm nay. Tuy nhiên, thay vì ngồi ở nhà một mình, anh quyết định ra ngoài ăn sushi và đưa người hâm mộ đi theo trên Instagram Story của mình. .	Legit
Celebrity	mũ Jennifer Lopez vừa được tiết lộ với Ellen về Drake hẹn hò với những người đàn ông trẻ tuổi	"Jennifer Lopez dừng lại ở ""Ellen DeGeneres Show"", nơi Ellen đưa cô lên ghế nóng để hỏi về mối quan hệ của cô với Drake và tin đồn cô thích hẹn hò với những người đàn ông trẻ tuổi."	Legit
Celebrity	Gwen Stefani đang trở lại 'The Voice', nhưng còn Miley Cyrus thì sao?	"Gwen Stefani đã sẵn sàng trở lại ghế nóng trong ""The Voice"", nhưng cô ấy đang giật chiếc ghế của ai?"	Legit
Celebrity	Tin đồn ild: Justin Bieber đã hủy chuyến đi mục đích của mình để bắt đầu nhà thờ của riêng mình	"Justin Bieber đã gây sốc cho cộng đồng Belieber trên toàn thế giới ngày hôm qua khi anh đột ngột hủy bỏ phần còn lại của chuyến lưu diễn Purpose. Bieber đã có 14 chương trình còn lại, bao gồm một số ở Mỹ và châu Á. Một nhiếp ảnh gia đã bắt được Biebs ngày hôm qua ở LA và anh ta giải thích rằng anh ta chỉ cần nghỉ ngơi sau 16 tháng lưu diễn. ""Ừ, mọi thứ đều ổn, ừ"", anh nói với người đàn ông trên máy ảnh. ""Tôi đã lưu diễn được hai năm. Đó là [một quãng đường dài], vâng. Vâng, [tôi đang mong chờ] được nghỉ ngơi, thư giãn, tôi sẽ đi xe đạp."""	Legit
Celebrity	'Tôi đã la ó quá nhiều': Brad Pitt nói về việc tách khỏi Angelina Jolie	"Brad Pitt đã tiết lộ rằng anh ta đã ""la ó quá nhiều"" và kể về việc anh ta đã ngủ trên sàn nhà của một người bạn trong sáu tuần sau khi chia tay Angelina Jolie vì ""quá buồn"" khi trở về nhà."	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian đang cố gắng đánh cắp tiền của Kanye est thông qua kế hoạch xây dựng Prenup?	Có phải Kim Kardashian đang cố đánh cắp tiền của Kanye est cùng với sự nổi tiếng của anh ta? Theo một báo cáo mới từ Star, Kim đang đối xử với Kanye của mình như một giao dịch kinh doanh, đây có lẽ là một quyết định thông minh. Hãy thực tế - cuộc hôn nhân này sẽ kéo dài bao lâu? Hai năm? Năm năm? Cô ấy đã trải qua cuộc đua này một lần và cô ấy biết rằng cuối cùng, cô ấy sẽ nhận được tiền của Kanye nếu cô ấy chơi bài đúng cách. Câu hỏi duy nhất là - bao nhiêu?	Fake
Celebrity	Có phải Angelina Jolie Fake Maddox Jolie Pitt's Adoption? Bên trong các tuyên bố gây sốc	Angelina Jolie nổi tiếng với việc nhận nuôi những đứa trẻ từ khắp nơi trên thế giới, nhưng liệu cô có được con trai đầu lòng, Maddox, sử dụng tài liệu giả? Người cha Campuchia thực sự của Maddox đã đưa ra những tuyên bố gây sốc rằng Jolie không có quyền ủy quyền hợp pháp đối với cô gái 15 tuổi.	Fake
Celebrity	Katie Holmes và Jamie Foxx dường như đã bỏ đạo luật tàng hình của họ	Trong hơn bốn năm, những tin đồn đã vây quanh Katie Holmes, Jamie Foxx và mối tình lãng mạn dưới radar của họ. Đối với một cặp người rất nổi tiếng, họ đã cố gắng tránh máy ảnh từ lâu, mặc dù trong năm ngoái, họ dường như đã cố gắng ít hơn để che giấu, thậm chí phát hiện vào tháng 5 lên máy bay riêng ở Paris, nơi Foxx đang quay phim Robin Hood. Đồng thời, báo lá cải tuyên bố rằng hai người đã sẵn sàng để công khai.	Legit
Celebrity	Chủ nhà đêm khuya phản ứng với tin tức tạm tha của OJ Simpson	OJ Simpson đã được tạm tha vào thứ năm, sau khi ngồi tù gần chín năm vì tội cướp có vũ trang và tấn công bằng vũ khí, và truyền hình đêm khuya có rất nhiều điều để nói về nó.	Legit
Celebrity	Miley và Liam đánh nhau? Tin đồn sai lệch xoáy vào nhau trong một Prenup giả định	Miley Cyrus và Liam Hemsworth có đánh nhau không? Một báo cáo mới tuyên bố rằng Cyrus và Hemsworth đã có một cuộc chiến lớn về prenup được cho là của họ trong khi họ đang thực hiện kế hoạch đám cưới của họ.	Legit
Celebrity	Lady Gaga công bố phim tài liệu Netflix, nói về Madonna Feud	Lady Gaga đã sẵn sàng để mở. Ca sĩ của nhóm Jo Joanne có một bộ phim tài liệu thẳng thắn mang tên Gaga: Five Foot Two khởi chiếu trên Netflix vào ngày 22 tháng 9.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian không chúc mừng Beyonce về tin tức mang thai đôi trong khi BFF Chrissy Teigen xuất hiện để chế giễu thông báo của siêu sao	Ngôi sao thực tế đã không tham gia danh sách những ngôi sao tweet niềm vui của họ về tin vui của Bey	Legit
Celebrity	Có phải Beyonce đã sinh ra cặp song sinh của cô ấy? Báo cáo mới tuyên bố cô vừa làm	Có phải Beyonce vừa sinh đôi? Tin đồn đã bay rằng Nữ hoàng Bey đã hạ sinh một bé trai quý giá và một cô gái đáng yêu vào thứ Bảy ngày 20 tháng 5, theo một báo cáo mới thú vị	Fake
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie mở ra cho mọi người về năm 'Khó khăn' của cô: 'Tôi mạnh mẽ hơn một chút'	Nhiều điều đã thay đổi trong năm qua trong cuộc đời của Angelina Jolie, nhưng có một điều vẫn không đổi - sự cống hiến của cô cho các con.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian: Sách dạy nấu ăn khỏa thân trên ay ??	Không phải ai cũng là fan của Kim Kardashian và / hoặc những cuốn sách cô giả vờ viết.	Fake
Celebrity	Keith Urban Ghen tị: Nicole Kidman thừa nhận cô ấy đã bắt đầu HBO đóng vai Alexander Skarsgard vì tình yêu của cô ấy | Celeb Giặt bẩn	Nicole Kidman nói rõ rằng cô rất muốn Alexander Skarsgard được chọn vào vai chồng trong 'Big Little Lies'. Nicole đang tham gia loạt phim truyền hình mới của HBO cùng với Reese itherspoon, Shailene oodley và Laura Dern. Chương trình kể về ba bà mẹ cố gắng tiếp tục sau một bi kịch gần như phá hủy cuộc sống của họ.	Fake
Celebrity	Có phải Kendall, Kylie Jenner và Gigi, Bella Hadid hướng đến một mối thù khó chịu?	Nó trông giống như một trường hợp chiến tranh của anh chị em. Hai trong số bộ đôi anh chị em nổi tiếng nhất - Kendall, Kylie và Bella, Gigi - được cho là đang đứng trước mối thù khó chịu.	Fake
Celebrity	'Danh tiếng' của Taylor Swift: Tất cả những tin đồn về Joe Alwyn, Kanye est và Tom Hiddleston	Trong phần mở đầu của hai tạp chí có chủ đề Danh tiếng, có các bức ảnh, thơ và lời viết tay để chào mừng việc phát hành album thứ sáu, Swift than thở về những câu chuyện tin tức không thể tránh khỏi khi đoán mục tiêu của lời bài hát.	Legit
Celebrity	Katie Holmes và Jamie Foxx xuất hiện như một món đồ, sau khi 'Tom Cruise Ban' hết hạn	Bây giờ đây là một cái gì đó để thực sự nhảy lên xuống trên đi văng.	Fake
Celebrity	Kate Middleton mong muốn cứu hoàng tử illiam Hôn nhân: Không thể buông bỏ phong cách sống hoàng gia | Celeb Giặt bẩn	Kate Middleton có thể tức giận với chồng Hoàng tử illiam vì đã khiến gia đình họ xấu hổ vì nhảy và uống rượu kỳ lạ trong chuyến đi trượt tuyết của anh ấy, và tất cả những tin đồn gian lận, nhưng điều đó không có nghĩa là cô ấy sẽ sớm ly dị anh ta. Trên thực tế, Công tước và Nữ công tước xứ Cambridge đã cố gắng thuyết phục mọi người rằng họ vẫn yêu nhau điên cuồng trong chuyến đi tới Paris cuối tuần này.	Fake
Celebrity	"Rosie O FLEES CRAZY ""NHÀ IVES"" NEIGHBORS"	"Chạy ROSIE RUN - quay lại ngay vào ""The View"" HY?"	Fake
Celebrity	Julia Roberts âu yếm với Daniel Moder Trước lễ kỷ niệm lần thứ 15 của họ	Julia Roberts và chồng Daniel Moder bị phát hiện trong một chuyến đi chơi bình thường ở Malibu, CA, vào chiều thứ bảy. Cặp đôi đang trải qua 15 năm hôn nhân vào tháng 7, đã thể hiện tình yêu khi họ vòng tay ôm lấy nhau và Julia xuất hiện thì thầm điều gì đó vào tai của Danny. Chúng tôi chưa từng thấy cặp đôi này đi chơi cùng nhau kể từ tháng 11, Julia đã làm nên lịch sử vào tháng 4 khi cô ấy được đặt tên là oman nhân dân đẹp nhất lần thứ năm. Nó cũng được tiết lộ vào đầu tuần này rằng Julia sẽ trở lại màn ảnh rộng trong bộ phim chuyển thể từ The Bookseller của Crystal City Entertainment. Julia sẽ không chỉ đóng vai chính trong phim, mà cô ấy còn sản xuất dự án cùng với Lisa Gillan, Marisa Yeres Gill, Jonathan Rubenstein và Ari Pinchot.	Legit
Celebrity	Diva kỹ thuật số bên trong kết nối bí mật của Caitlyn Jenner	RadarOnline.com đã biết được rằng Caitlyn Jenner đang khám phá khả năng tình dục của cô ấy trên mạng và đã được thưởng thức một chuỗi các cuộc trò chuyện bí mật trên mạng.	Fake
Celebrity	Michelle Obama mở phẫu thuật thẩm mỹ, tiêm Botox	Khi đệ nhất phu nhân Michelle Obama chuẩn bị bước sang tuổi 50 vào thứ Sáu, bà sẽ không loại trừ việc sẽ hoàn thành một số công việc trên khuôn mặt trong tương lai.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyoncé phục vụ rất nhiều nụ cười khi Serena illiams phù hợp với Alexis Ohanian	Khi cô ấy nhìn thấy hai người, Crazy Crazy in Love, thì Bey Beyoncé không thể không mỉm cười.	Legit
Celebrity	Malia Obama đã Barack và Michelle khóc - Cô ấy có thể sống một mình ở thành phố New York không?	Malia Obama, 18 tuổi, đang thích nghi với cuộc sống mới bên ngoài Ngôi nhà hite và những thay đổi không dễ xử lý đối với cha mẹ nổi tiếng của cô - cựu Tổng thống Barack Obama và Đệ nhất phu nhân Michelle Obama.	Fake
Celebrity	Quá nhiều ngôi sao để đếm hỗ trợ đứng lên chống lại ung thư	Vô số ngôi sao bước ra sự kiện Hollywood Stands Up to Cancer ở LA vào tối thứ ba. Việc gây quỹ, được tổ chức bởi Reese itherspoon và chồng cô, Jim Toth, đã đưa ra những cặp đôi dễ thương như Diane Kruger và Joshua Jackson và Jessica Alba và Cash arren, cũng như Selena Gomez, Drew Barrymore và Gwyneth Paltrow. Bản thân Gwyneth là người ủng hộ lâu năm của chương trình Stand Up to Cancer kể từ khi cha cô, Bruce Paltrow, qua đời vì bệnh ung thư phổi năm 2002.	Legit
Celebrity	Dưới đây là cách Brad Pitt cảm nhận về Donald Trump với tư cách là Tổng thống	Là một người đàn ông miền Nam sinh ra ở Oklahoma và lớn lên ở Missouri, Brad Pitt bắt nguồn từ một nơi mà mọi người thường ủng hộ Donald Trump và cuộc điều hành của ông trong cuộc bầu cử Tổng thống năm 2016.	Legit
Celebrity	Tyga tiết lộ sự thật xấu xí về Kylie Jenner và Kardashians trong cuốn sách Tell-All mới, Người trong cuộc nói	"Tyga và Kylie Jenner đã đến Splitsville, theo E News, và có vẻ như mọi thứ có thể trở nên khá xấu xí trong tương lai gần. Mặc dù mối quan hệ được báo cáo đã kết thúc, nhưng có vẻ như cả hai đã kết thúc bằng những điều khoản thân thiện, và mọi thứ chỉ bắt đầu nóng lên. Theo Perez Hilton, Tyga được cho là đang có kế hoạch phát hành một cuốn sách nói cho tất cả sau khi chia tay lớn với Kylie. Những người trong cuộc gần gũi với rapper ""Make It Nasty"" đã bỏ một vài chi tiết về cuốn sách sắp được đồn đại."	Fake
Celebrity	Trại của Taylor Swift phủ nhận rằng ca sĩ sẽ ra mắt dịch vụ phát trực tuyến của riêng mình	Một nguồn tin thân cận với Taylor Swift đã thông báo từ chối các đề xuất rằng nữ ca sĩ chuẩn bị ra mắt dịch vụ phát trực tuyến của riêng mình.	Legit
Celebrity	Heidi Klum và Seal có cuộc hội ngộ thân thiện tại Billboard Music Awards 2016	Heidi Klum và Seal là mẫu mực của những người yêu cũ thân thiện tại Billboard Music Awar tối chủ nhật 2016.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber tự chọc mình sau khi bước ra với một dấu vết ướt	Tai nạn xảy ra, nhưng ngôi sao này không xin lỗi về điều đó.	Fake
Celebrity	Jane Fonda thực sự không muốn nói về phẫu thuật thẩm mỹ với Megyn Kelly	"Fonda xuất hiện cùng Robert Redford trên ""Megyn Kelly Today"" trên edesnday để quảng bá cho bộ phim mới của họ, ""Linh hồn của chúng ta vào ban đêm"". Nhưng cuộc phỏng vấn chỉ diễn ra trong vài phút khi Kelly chuyển cuộc trò chuyện với hai huyền thoại sang chủ đề lão hóa."	Legit
Celebrity	Halle Berry gây ra tin đồn mang thai sau khi khoe bụng bầu trên thảm đỏ	Halle Berry, 50 tuổi, đã làm dấy lên tin đồn cô đang mong đợi đứa con thứ ba của mình sau khi ra mắt thứ trông giống như một 'vết sưng của em bé' trên thảm đỏ tại Quả bóng bướm Chrysalis thường niên lần thứ 16 ở Los Angeles.	Fake
Celebrity	"Miley Cyrus suy ngẫm về cuộc chia tay của cô, Liam Hemsworth: ""Tôi như đang đi đúng hướng"""	"Miley Cyrus gần đây đã đánh rơi đĩa đơn mới, ""Malibu"", được truyền cảm hứng rõ ràng từ mối quan hệ đang nhen nhóm của cô với Liam Hemsworth, và trong một cuộc phỏng vấn với SiriusXM's 1 tại Hollywood vào đầu tuần này, ca sĩ 24 tuổi tiếp tục nói về cô. 2013 tách ra từ Liam. ""Tôi nghĩ - biết - rằng mọi thứ đang diễn ra đều có lý do chính đáng và tôi biết rằng khi chúng ta không ở bên nhau lần đầu tiên,"" Miley nói về lời khuyên mà cô sẽ dành cho bản thân trẻ hơn. ""Tôi không biết liệu đó có phải là kết thúc của nó hay là chúng tôi sẽ quay lại với nhau một lần nữa, nhưng biết rằng bất cứ nơi nào tôi đi, tôi đều đi đúng hướng."""	Legit
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus và Liam Hemsworth có lẽ đã bí mật kết hôn vào tháng 4 năm ngoái	"Vào tháng 9, Miley Cyrus nói với The Sun vào Chủ nhật rằng cô và chồng chưa cưới Liam Hemsworth không có kế hoạch đám cưới sớm. ""Tôi không hình dung hôn nhân"", cô nói với The Sun vào Chủ nhật. ""Tôi 24. Tôi hy vọng sẽ sống thêm một chút nữa. Tôi có quá nhiều việc phải làm [trước khi kết hôn]."" (Mẹ của cô Tish Cyrus cũng đưa ra quan điểm tương tự khi được hỏi về một cuộc bỏ trốn Miley-Liam được đồn đại vào tháng 6, quá.)"	Fake
Celebrity	Những hướng đi mới của One Direction: các dự án solo cho chúng ta biết điều gì?	Sáng nay, Liam Payne của One Direction đã đánh rơi Stripped Down, đĩa đơn đầu tay của anh, có thể được mô tả tốt nhất như một thứ chắc chắn tồn tại.	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner bị cấm từ NBA hơn 'Lời nguyền Kardashian'	Kendall Jenner hy vọng sẽ xem người đàn ông mới của cô chơi tại tòa án mùa này, nhưng ông chủ NBA đang chơi bóng cứng với người mẫu Leggy 21 tuổi	Fake
Celebrity	Josh Duhamel đã vượt qua Fergie 'trở thành một ngôi sao nhạc rock'	Josh Duhamel đã mệt mỏi với người vợ ngôi sao nhạc pop của mình, ông Fergie, tiệc tùng trước khi chia tay, chúng tôi được cho biết.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston lừa dối Brad Pitt ith Matt LeBlanc hận Đã kết hôn? - Báo cáo	Brad Pitt, 51 tuổi, có thể không phải là người duy nhất có đôi mắt lang thang trong cuộc hôn nhân với Jennifer Aniston, 46. Một cuộc phỏng vấn mới bùng nổ với cha của Matt LeBlanc, Paul LeBlanc, tiết lộ rằng nữ diễn viên thực sự lừa dối chồng sau đó với cô. Bạn bè là bạn diễn từ lâu trước khi Brad gặp Angelina Jolie, 40 tuổi, trên trường quay của ông bà Smith	Fake
Celebrity	Bí mật về vẻ ngoài không già của Ellen DeGeneres	"Chuyên gia trang điểm Pati Dubroff đã làm việc với Ellen DeGeneres trong các chiến dịch quảng cáo và thời trang lan tỏa khắp mọi nơi, vì vậy cô biết chính xác diện mạo nào sẽ hoạt động tốt nhất trên máy chủ chương trình talkshow cho Shape cover tự nhiên và được tô màu chỉ bằng một chút màu sắc. Cô ấy đã sử dụng một miếng bọt biển nêm ẩm để hoàn thiện làn da của người mẫu trang bìa của chúng tôi chỉ bằng một cú chạm của CoverGirl Simply Agless Che khuyết điểm và Corrector. ""Làn da của Ellen đã có một làn da sáng tự nhiên, vì vậy cô ấy không cần trang điểm nhiều"", Pati nói. Không phải tất cả chúng ta đều được ban phước với làn da trẻ trung như vậy, nhưng bạn có thể có được một làn da tuyệt vời như Ellen với những mẹo chống lão hóa từ chuyên gia trang điểm:"	Legit
Celebrity	Anna Faris cảm thấy không an toàn vì chồng ngoại tình với Jennifer Lawrence Chris Pratt có đáng trách không? - Tin đồn trực tiếp	Jennifer Lawrence, trái tim của hàng triệu chàng trai, gần đây đã khiến tất cả người hâm mộ của cô sốc. ell nó không có trong phim, mà từ tin tức; đúng hơn là chúng tôi nói một tin đồn có quan hệ tình cảm với Chris Pratt. Hầu hết tâm trí của chúng ta đóng băng vì những điểm nổi bật được cho là trong báo lá cải, nhưng sau đó cả hai đều bị từ chối một cách tinh vi. Theo lựa chọn của Jennifer, hiện tại cô đã chọn độc thân; trong khi Chris đã gắn liền với Anna Faris. Faris cảm thấy bất an vì tin tức giả mạo này thúc đẩy các tờ báo lá cải về tình yêu giữa chồng Chris và Jennifer. ell, có đúng hay không, chúng tôi sẽ đề cập đến nó trong bài viết này	Fake
Celebrity	Drake mời Taylor Swift ở lại nhà anh sau sự cố rình rập	"""Taylor [Swift] bị theo dõi và phát cuồng vì chuyện đó không hợp với Drake. Anh ấy thực sự nổi nóng rằng cô ấy có những kẻ điên rồ xâm nhập vào không gian cá nhân của mình, và anh ấy nói với cô ấy rằng anh ấy sẽ gửi một vài chàng trai của mình để giữ để mắt đến cô ấy và là vệ sĩ của cô ấy"	Fake
Celebrity	Đó là sự kết hợp nóng bỏng của Jennifer Lawrence Darren Aronofsky ALREADY	Jennifer Lawrence và Darren Aronofsky đã hạ nhiệt và tạm nghỉ sự lãng mạn mãnh liệt của họ, RadarOnline.com có thể tiết lộ độc quyền.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian thể hiện chứng rụng tóc gây sốc sau khi 'dựa vào dệt'	Cô khiến người hâm mộ xanh mặt vì ghen tị nhờ giảm cân sau khi mang thai.	Fake
Celebrity	Hoàng tử Harry đang di chuyển đến Mỹ để tìm một ife	Hoàng tử Harry đang di chuyển qua ao - và có kế hoạch lớn để tìm vợ ở Mỹ	Fake
Celebrity		Kanye est tức giận Taylor Swift đã tham khảo vụ cướp của Kim Kardashian trong video âm nhạc	Fake
Celebrity	rad Pitt tham dự buổi hòa nhạc từ thiện với Sting trong lần xuất hiện công khai hiếm hoi sau khi tách khỏi Angelina Jolie	Brad Pitt đã tái xuất trong ánh đèn sân khấu vào thứ bảy sau khi giữ một phong độ thấp trong nhiều tháng sau khi chia tay Angelina Jolie.	Legit
Celebrity	Câu chuyện bên lề của Brad Pitt: Anh ấy 'Không đánh' Maddox khi chiến đấu trên máy bay với Angelina Jolie 'Ra tay,' Nguồn nói	Brad Pitt đã không tấn công con trai Maddox của mình trong cuộc cãi vã giữa chuyến bay nóng bỏng với Angelina Jolie tuần trước, theo một nguồn tin có kiến thức về tình huống này.	Legit
Celebrity	Taylor Swift dành hàng triệu đô la cho bạn trai mới, Joe Alwyn: Tin tức sai hay đúng? | Celeb Giặt bẩn	Siêu sao nhạc pop Taylor Swift đang mua bạn trai mới Joe Alwyn bằng cách phung phí hàng triệu đô la vào người yêu theo một số báo cáo. Taylor luôn là người kiếm tiền lớn hơn trong tất cả các mối quan hệ của mình. Mặc dù những người bạn trai trong quá khứ như Jake Gyllenhaal, John Mayer, Tom Hiddleston và Calvin Harris là triệu phú, tài khoản ngân hàng của họ vẫn mờ nhạt so với con số trị giá 300 triệu ước tính của Taylor.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lawrence 'cởi trần và yêu cầu Kanye est tạo kiểu cho cô' sau khi uống năm ly martini tại nhà của Kris Jenner	Jennifer Lawrence đã khỏa thân trong tủ quần áo của Kris Jenner sau khi hạ năm martini.	Fake
Celebrity	Xin lỗi ASAP Rocky, Kendall Jenner có một kế hoạch tuyệt vọng để trở lại Harry Styles	Kendall Jenner đang hẹn hò với rapper ASAP Rocky, nhưng theo một nguồn tin, cô đã nghĩ ra kế hoạch giành lại người yêu cũ, Harry Styles Tất cả những gì cô phải làm là những gì cô làm tốt nhất - gửi ảnh khỏa thân	Fake
Celebrity	Kirsten Dunst bất ngờ rơi nước mắt tại Liên hoan phim Cannes	Cô đã được công nhận toàn cầu cho vai diễn trong Interview ith The Vampire ở tuổi 12, vì vậy cô không lạ gì với việc thu hút sự chú ý trên thảm đỏ.	Fake
Celebrity	Glenn Close phủ nhận rằng cô đã đưa Meryl Streep chơi Hillary Clinton	Quên những gì bạn đã nghe: Glenn Close đã không đưa Meryl Streep vào vai Hillary Clinton trong một bộ phim sắp tới về cựu Ngoại trưởng và cuộc đời của tổng thống.	Legit
Celebrity	AMAL CLOONEY LÀ NGƯỜI KHÁC NHẤT TUYỆT VỜI NHẤT TẠI LONDON	Bạn sẽ được tha thứ khi nghĩ rằng người phụ nữ quyền lực nhất ở London có thể là Nữ công tước xứ Cambridge, hoặc thậm chí là siêu mẫu Kate Moss. Trên thực tế, đó là cô dâu mới của George Clooney, người đã chiếm vị trí hàng đầu.	Legit
Celebrity	Kịch bản trong mơ? Kiến Khloe nhận nuôi con gái của Rob	Khloe Kardashian đã hình thành một mối liên kết mãnh liệt như vậy với cô cháu gái Dream, cô đã nói với anh trai Rob rằng cô muốn nhận nuôi cô, RadarOnline.com đã độc quyền tìm hiểu.	Fake
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner: hy Cô ấy đang bỏ 'KU TK' nhưng vẫn còn tự hào về chương trình spin-off của Kylie	Kendall Jenner tiếp tục xa cách với nền tảng chương trình thực tế khiến gia đình cô trở thành một gia đình, với các nguồn tin nhấn mạnh rằng người mẫu muốn có một sự nghiệp hợp pháp.	Fake
Celebrity	Bác sĩ phẫu thuật thẩm mỹ của Kylie Jenner có một thông điệp về chất làm đầy môi của cô ấy	Ghét mạng internet để tìm manh mối về việc Kylie Jenner có thể mang thai (cùng với việc mang thai của Khloé Kardashian và mang thai được xác nhận của Kim Kardashian), ít nhất một người đã tự hỏi, chất làm đầy môi nổi tiếng của ngôi sao thực tế là gì?	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner khóc vì phản ứng dữ dội của Pepsi trong buổi ra mắt 'Keeping Up ith the Kardashians'	Bạn có nhớ quảng cáo Kendall Jenner bị điếc của Pepsi hồi tháng Tư không? Một trong những điều khiến mọi người tức giận, bởi vì nó chiếm đoạt hình ảnh từ cuộc biểu tình của Black Lives Matter để bán soda?	Legit
Celebrity	Sự xuất hiện khi được phát hiện đang nắm tay nhau, đó là Justin Bieber's Ex	Nếu bạn là một độc giả cuồng nhiệt của Hoa Kỳ, có vẻ như chỉ có khoảng một chục người độc thân ở Hollywood, vì tất cả họ đều hẹn hò với nhau. Nó giống như sáu độ tách biệt với Kevin Bacon, chỉ dành cho những người có ảnh hưởng với sở thích tập luyện phù hợp với trà và eo, trong đó Scott Disick là nhân tố kết nối.	Fake
Celebrity	Victoria Beckham và Anna giới thiệu trong số những người có tên trong danh sách Năm mới	Tay vợt số một thế giới Andy Murray đã được phong tước hiệp sĩ trong Danh sách Danh dự Năm mới của Nữ hoàng - biến anh trở thành Ngài trẻ nhất nước Anh thời hiện đại - cùng với vận động viên Mo Farah và tay đua mặc quần áo Lee Pearson. Heptathlete Jessica Ennis-Hill và rower Kinda Grainger đã được đặt tên là dames.	Legit
Celebrity	Đây là hy vọng Taylor Swift đang bỏ qua Giải thưởng âm nhạc video MTV 2016	Có một khoảng trống trong biểu đồ chỗ ngồi của VMA năm nay, em yêu. Taylor Swift sẽ không tham dự Giải thưởng Video âm nhạc của MTV vào Chủ nhật, ngày 28 tháng 8, nhiều nguồn tin xác nhận với chúng tôi.	Legit
Celebrity	Obama nói rằng rời khỏi Malia ở trường đại học là 'Giống như phẫu thuật tim hở'	Sau khi Malia Obama rời trường đại học Harvard vào tháng trước, cha cô không thể cầm được nước mắt.	Legit
Celebrity	'Ghen tị' Kim cố gắng đánh cắp ánh đèn sân khấu của em bé Beyonce	Hôm qua, Bey Hive đã xôn xao về tin tức gây sốc của Beyonce, RadarOnline.com đã biết rằng Kim Kardashian đang bận rộn với kế hoạch của riêng mình để lấy lại ánh đèn sân khấu	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez và Alex Rodriguez đang hẹn hò, và những tin đồn đang nóng lên	Jennifer Lopez và người hùng bóng chày đã nghỉ hưu gần đây Alex Rodriguez đang hẹn hò, theo các báo cáo đã nổi lên cả tuần.	Legit
Celebrity		Bên trong kỳ nghỉ gia đình của Ben Affleck và Jennifer Garner ở Bahamas, hai tháng sau khi nộp đơn ly hôn	Legit
Celebrity	Kathy Griffin cảm thấy 'bị phản bội' bởi Anderson Cooper sau khi CNN nổ súng	Kathy Griffin vẫn tiếp tục cuộc thập tự chinh đầy thiện cảm sau khi vượt qua cơn bão chỉ trích vì bức ảnh cắt đầu khủng khiếp của Trump, các nguồn tin cho biết cô đang nói về việc Anderson Cooper thả cô ra khỏi chương trình CNN đêm giao thừa như một củ khoai tây nóng hổi.	Fake
Celebrity		Hite ngứa cảnh báo Angelina chống lại việc sử dụng phép thuật để thu hút Brad	Fake
Celebrity	ĐỘC QUYỀN: TẠI ĐÂY	Họ đã dành hai ngày qua để hỗ trợ Vương quốc Anh tại Đại hội Thể thao Khối thịnh vượng chung ở Glasgow, nhưng __ illiam__and __Kate__can mong chờ một tháng nghỉ xứng đáng vào tháng 8.	Legit
Celebrity	Hồi ức của Caitlyn Jenner được cho là phim chuyển thể, Rob Lowe có thể đóng vai cô	Báo cáo nói rằng nam diễn viên 'Làm thế nào để trở thành người yêu Latin' hiện đang đàm phán để đóng vai ngôi sao chương trình thực tế trong một bộ phim khả thi dựa trên cuốn hồi ký mới 'The Secrets of My Life'.	Fake
Celebrity	Là Jared Leto, 45 tuổi, đang nghiền nát Paris Jackson 19 tuổi?	Jared Leto để mắt đến một điều khá trẻ: Paris Jackson, 19 tuổi, bộ đôi này đã đi ngang qua bữa tiệc Harper's Bazaar các biểu tượng ở NYC vào ngày 8 tháng 9, nơi diễn viên 45 tuổi, chắc chắn đang chơi cho cô ấy, Mùi nói một người trong cuộc. Anh ấy đang nhìn thẳng vào mắt cô ấy khi cô ấy đang nói và họ đang đứng rất gần. Họ nói chuyện rất lâu và cô ấy đã cười rất nhiều. Tuy nhiên, người chiến thắng giải Oscar đã nổ ra, vì cuối cùng Paris cũng rời đi để ở bên bạn bè - mặc dù trước khi Jared hôn vào má cô ấy Thêm người trong cuộc: Rõ ràng là anh ta rất mê cô, chênh lệch tuổi tác.	Fake
Celebrity	'Nỗi sợ hãi bùng nổ' của Kim Kardashian 'Nếu Kanye est tranh cử tổng thống: Cô ấy' rất lo lắng '	"""Kanye [est] ngày càng nói nhiều hơn về việc bước chân vào chính trị, nhưng Kim [Kardashian] vô cùng do dự khi anh ta đi theo con đường đó. Cô ấy rất lo lắng về sự thù hận sẽ tập trung vào anh ta và gia đình họ nếu Ông đã ra tranh cử tổng thống. Trước khi xảy ra vụ cướp, cô không sợ hãi, nhưng giờ cô sống trong nỗi sợ hãi thường trực. Nếu Kanye ra tranh cử tổng thống, những nỗi sợ hãi đó sẽ bùng nổ "", một nguồn tin tiết lộ với HollywoodLife.com ĐỘC QUYỀN."	Fake
Celebrity	sự ngạc nhiên ngọt ngào của Barack Obama dành cho Michelle nhân kỷ niệm 25 năm của họ	Đã được biết đến với những tin nhắn ngọt ngào cho vợ vào ngày sinh nhật và ngày lễ, Barack Obama đã đi lễ kỷ niệm 25 năm ngày cưới với Michelle vào thứ ba.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian thuê nhóm để giúp cô ấy trở nên 'chính trị' hơn - 'Tôi không muốn nói thêm về các vấn đề chính trị'	Ngôi sao truyền hình thực tế gây tranh cãi thực sự muốn thay đổi danh tiếng của cô. Tôi đã học được rằng Kim Kardashian muốn có một hình ảnh chính trị hơn nhiều và cô ấy đã thực hiện những bước đầu tiên theo hướng đó.	Fake
Celebrity	PICS ĐỘC QUYỀN: Những bức ảnh đầu tiên về Ariana Grande kể từ khi Manchester tấn công	Một Ariana Grande tình cảm đã được phát hiện lần đầu tiên kể từ sau vụ tấn công khủng bố tại buổi hòa nhạc ở Manchester của cô vào thứ Hai khi cô đi xuống ở quê nhà của mình ở Boca Raton, Florida.	Fake
Celebrity	'Đó là một thời gian dài sắp tới': Heidi Klum kết thúc cuộc hôn nhân kéo dài 7 năm vì 'tính khí núi lửa' của Seal	Seal và Heidi Klum khẳng định việc chia tay của họ là 'thân thiện' ngày hôm qua mặc dù các báo cáo cho rằng siêu mẫu không còn có thể chịu đựng được Nụ hôn từ khí chất núi lửa của ca sĩ Rose.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston trong khoảnh khắc chính xác Cô ấy đã gặp phải tin đồn mang thai	"Vào tháng 7, Jennifer Aniston đã mạnh mẽ lên tiếng chống lại những tin đồn mang thai lá cải liên tục về cô đã lan truyền trong nhiều năm qua, trong một bản op-ed cho Huffington Post. ""Đối với hồ sơ, tôi không có thai,"" cô viết trong đó. ""mũ tôi chán ngấy"	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian est xác nhận em bé trên đường	"Kim Kardashian est đã tweet một đoạn clip vào thứ năm từ một quảng cáo cho phần mới của loạt E của gia đình cô ""Keeping Up ith the Kardashians."""	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez và Jennifer Aniston Ngày đôi: Nhận xét của Jen về eeknd ere Lies	Selena Gomez hiện đang hẹn hò với The eeknd. Bạn thân của cô, Jennifer Aniston, rất ủng hộ cô nhưng mối quan hệ của họ đôi khi bị nhắm đến bởi những người mong muốn tin đồn.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Jay-Z Thuê Đội Dịch vụ Bí mật của Tổng thống Obama	Họ đã có 99 vấn đề, nhưng an ninh không phải là một Beyoncé và Jay-Z đã hỏi chi tiết dịch vụ bí mật của cựu Tổng thống Barack Obama để giúp bảo vệ gia đình họ sau khi chào đón cặp song sinh Rumi và Sir vào tháng trước.	Fake
Celebrity	Xếp hạng 'Megyn Kelly hôm nay' Không phải tất cả ánh nắng cho máy chủ buổi sáng mới của NBC	Theo báo cáo, chủ nhà của nó đã kiếm được mức lương 17 triệu một năm và một bộ mới đã được xây dựng trong trụ sở Rockefeller Plaza của NBC tại Midtown Manhattan, Tweets Megyn Kelly Today. Mất người xem, về lâu dài, sẽ là một vấn đề.	Legit
Celebrity	Cher: Sẵn sàng để chết	Nhịp đập không còn tiếp tục cho CHER.	Fake
Celebrity		Taylor Swift dường như khỏa thân trong video âm nhạc mới	Legit
Celebrity	Bên trong Rob K. Mehgan James 'Romance: hy His Fam' 'Không chấp thuận' '	CẬP NHẬT: Khi các báo cáo mới tiếp tục lộ diện về mối quan hệ của Rob Kardashian với Mehgan James, cả hai đã đưa lên phương tiện truyền thông xã hội để cân nhắc về vấn đề này.	Fake
Celebrity	Katie Holmes về việc tái lập vai trò Jacqueline Kennedy	"Katie Holmes đang tái hiện vai trò Jacqueline Kennedy của mình cho loạt phim nhỏ mới, ""The Kennedys: After Camelot""."	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez và The eeknd Nắm tay nhau cho một cuộc dạo chơi lãng mạn ở Argentina	Đó không phải là một ngày cô đơn cho The eeknd.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber rõ ràng đã viết một cuốn 'Kinh thánh tình yêu' về Selena Gomez, và nó ngọt ngào nhưng siêu kỳ lạ	Đã có nhiều báo cáo về việc Justin Bieber dành thời gian ở nhà thờ trong vài tháng qua, nhưng điều chúng tôi không nhận ra đó không phải là bất kỳ nhà thờ cũ nào mà anh ta đến thăm - đó là nhà thờ của các mối quan hệ trong quá khứ.	Fake
Celebrity	"mối quan hệ ""Rất bình thường"" của Taylor Swift và Joe Alwyn"	"Taylor Swift và Joe Alwyn hiện đang thực hiện mối quan hệ riêng tư: Họ chưa từng bước ra công khai cùng nhau và cách duy nhất Swift nói về bạn trai người Anh gần một năm của mình là qua bài hát (""Có sẵn sàng cho điều đó không?"" Và "" Tuyệt đẹp, ""theo người hâm mộ). Nhưng chúng tôi eekly có một báo cáo về cách mọi thứ đang diễn ra trong hai ngày này. Alwyn và Swift là những người rất yêu nhau, một nguồn tin nói với cửa hàng."	Legit
Celebrity	Độc quyền OK: Lindsay Lohan có kế hoạch chuyển đến Nga sau khi cô ấy chuyển sang Egor Tarabasov giữa lúc cô ấy trở thành cha mẹ của cô ấy trong buổi lễ	Khi kế hoạch đám cưới của cô cho đám cưới của cô với Egor Tarabasov tiếp tục hình thành, một người trong cuộc đã tiết lộ với OKMagazine.com rằng Lindsay Lohan có thể sẽ có một động thái lớn sau buổi lễ	Fake
Celebrity	'Dancing ith The Stars': Donald Trump được yêu cầu đóng vai chính trong chương trình Ông không nói không	mũ quái gì? Donald Trump có vẻ khá bận rộn trên con đường chiến dịch, nhưng anh ấy được mời nghỉ một chút để thử tay (hoặc chân?) Khi nhảy Rõ ràng Dancing with the Stars đã yêu cầu Donald tham gia dàn diễn viên mùa 23	Fake
Celebrity	Chiếc mũ mà Nicki Minaj đã mặc trong đám cưới của Serena illiams không thực sự ổn ... khuấy động trong những chiếc quần lót bằng da màu trắng và một chiếc áo crop top là quá nhiều.		Fake
Celebrity	"Caitlyn Jenner và OJ Simpson chuẩn bị tái hợp trên TV: ""Nó thật hấp dẫn"" (ĐỘC QUYỀN)"	Thật khó để có thể giật gân hơn thế này: một chương trình truyền hình ghép đôi người nổi tiếng chuyển giới nổi tiếng nhất thế giới với nghi phạm giết người nổi tiếng nhất thế giới - đặc biệt là khi cả hai có mối liên hệ với Kardashians Life Style đã biết rằng các nhà sản xuất TV đã nghĩ ra ý tưởng mang OJ Simpson và người bạn cũ Caitlyn Jenner đến với nhau trong một cuộc hội ngộ trên truyền hình.	Fake
Celebrity	Melania Trump 'sẽ mặc Ralph Lauren tại lễ nhậm chức của chồng'	Ralph Lauren là ứng viên hàng đầu mới nhất trong cuộc đua thiết kế trang phục nhậm chức của Melania Trump, tai báo hàng ngày đưa tin hôm thứ ba.	Legit
Celebrity	Chính thức của Beyonce đã vượt qua nó Kế hoạch giao hàng CRAZY của cô yêu cầu Đây là hy	Không thể phủ nhận rằng Beyonce là một trong những diva lớn nhất của Hollywood nhưng các nguồn tin mới cho thấy nhu cầu của cô thậm chí còn điên rồ hơn. Trước sự xuất hiện của cặp song sinh yêu dấu của họ, nữ ca sĩ và chồng Jay-Z đã lập ra một kế hoạch giao hàng đến mức điên rồ, bạn nghĩ rằng họ là hoàng gia. Trước thềm báo cáo rằng cặp vợ chồng nổi tiếng đã chuyển đến một căn hộ cho thuê gần bệnh viện Cedars-Sinai của Los Angeles, nơi Bey sắp sinh, những người trong cuộc nói với tạp chí Heat rằng sự kiện này được coi là không mất chi phí ngoại truyện. Nhấp qua để nhận tin sốt dẻo trong kế hoạch phòng sinh của Beyonce và cách con gái của cặp vợ chồng, Blue Ivy, sẽ có một vai trò rất đặc biệt trong quy trình.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez và Orlando Bloom Party cùng nhau tại bữa tiệc sinh nhật lần thứ 39 của anh	Selena Gomez và Orlando Bloom một lần nữa tận hưởng công ty của nhau.	Legit
Celebrity	Jamie Foxx và Katie Holmes Hit Thời trang New York	Jamie Foxxand Katie Holmes đã tấn công Big Apple.	Legit
Celebrity	Tyra Banks bị kiện vì gây ra 'sự đau khổ về cảm xúc' trong thời gian 'America's Got Talent'	* Một thí sinh trên chương trình Got Americaent Got của Tal America nói rằng màn trình diễn của cô tại buổi ghi hình gần đây đã bị người dẫn chương trình mới Tyra Banks quay cuồng đến nỗi nó đã gây ra cảm xúc đau khổ cho cô con gái nhỏ, người đang theo dõi từ đôi cánh.	Fake
Celebrity	"ho là Mark Billingham? Các vệ sĩ tuyên bố ông ""Cha đẻ"" Brangelina's Kids"	"Kể từ khi tin tức Brad Pitt và Angelina Jolie chia tay, nhiều người đã tự hỏi điều gì sẽ xảy ra với sáu đứa trẻ của cặp vợ chồng. Bệnh họ ở với mẹ, hay với bố, hay sự kết hợp của cả hai? Hay một người thứ ba cũng có thể có quyền nuôi dạy con cái? Nhập Mark Billingham, vệ sĩ của cặp vợ chồng ngôi sao. Billingham cho biết, về cơ bản, ông đã ""làm cha"" cho các con, theo chúng tôi."	Legit
Celebrity	Nỗi sợ tự tử mới đối với Owen ilson sau cái chết của bố	Cái chết của người cha yêu dấu của Owen ilson có những người bạn lo sợ nam diễn viên bị tra tấn có thể quay trở lại hố sâu của sự chán nản	Fake
Celebrity	BRAD PITT: Không nghi ngờ gì, TRUMP ill Trở thành Tổng thống tốt nhất trong lịch sử Hoa Kỳ. Bạn có ủng hộ Ngài không? ⋆	Brad Pitt như được mời vào hôm nay cho thấy sáng nay và sau khi nhà báo chỉ trích Trump Ông nói điều này: Không nghi ngờ gì, Trump ill Trở thành tổng thống tốt nhất trong lịch sử Hoa Kỳ và bạn sẽ sớm bị bệnh này. Chống lại các nhà báo và mọi người ở lại phẫn nộ. Bạn có ủng hộ Brad không? Nhiều e cần nhiều việc làm hơn. Thất nghiệp đang lên ở đây, anh nói. Anh ta thuê nhiều nhân viên hơn, nhiều người hơn bất cứ ai tôi biết trên thế giới.	Fake
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie Nemesis Chelsea Handler có gần gũi với Brad Pitt sau khi chia tay đau lòng không?	e không thấy điều này đến Theo một báo cáo mới, kẻ thù tồi tệ nhất Hollywood của Angelina Jolie, Chelsea Handler, có thể trở nên hơi thân thiết với người yêu cũ Brad Pitt. Ôi	Fake
Celebrity		Angelina Jolie ôm ấp nội tâm và ngứa mẹ	Legit
Celebrity		Justin Bieber mang theo một cuốn kinh thánh trong khi tặng quần áo tennis preppy	Legit
Celebrity	Bí ẩn về cách Kendall gặp các Hadids đã được giải quyết	Cách đây không lâu, Kendall Jenner và Gigi Hadid chỉ là hai cô gái trẻ, không kết nối, thỉnh thoảng xuất hiện trên chương trình truyền hình thực tế của các thành viên trong gia đình họ. Sau đó, thế giới chớp mắt và bất ngờ họ đang phát triển những siêu mẫu và siêu người có ảnh hưởng. Sau đó, thế giới chớp mắt một lần nữa và họ là siêu mẫu BFFs. Một cái chớp mắt khác và chị gái của họ, Kylie và Bella, cũng đang phát triển ảnh hưởng và các mô hình đang phát triển theo cách riêng của họ.	Legit
Celebrity	Cuộc hôn nhân của Barack Michelle Obama tan vỡ - Làm thế nào chi phí cho người đóng thuế hàng triệu	Barack Obama và vợ Michelle tiếp tục tan vỡ sau khi nữ quyền của tổng thống. Bây giờ, nó đã khiến hàng triệu người phải trả giá cho cuộc hôn nhân cay đắng giữa các cuộc hôn nhân tan vỡ sau sự kiện phụ nữ của tổng thống. Bây giờ, hàng triệu người nộp thuế phải trả hàng triệu đô la, National ENQUIRER đã thấy các hồ sơ độc quyền thu được từ các cơ quan giám sát của chính phủ về tư pháp - tiết lộ rằng cặp vợ chồng thù hận này đã cất cánh máy bay riêng để tới Hawaii vào kỳ nghỉ Giáng sinh	Fake
Celebrity	Kylie Jenner lập kỷ lục thẳng về báo cáo Tyga sở hữu 2 triệu	Bảo vệ người yêu cũ. Kylie Jenner đã lên Twitter vào thứ Sáu, 27 tháng 5, để giải quyết các báo cáo rằng bạn trai cũ của cô Tyga nợ cô 2 triệu.	Legit
Celebrity	Harry Styles của One Direction tận hưởng kỳ nghỉ trượt tuyết, đó là Kendall Jenner Giữa những yêu sách lãng mạn	Ngôi sao 'Bài hát hay nhất từ trước đến nay' và Kendall đã được nhìn thấy mang theo dụng cụ trượt tuyết và trượt tuyết cùng nhau vào cuối tuần.	Legit
Celebrity	Đây là chiếc mũ xảy ra hen Kim Kardashian Cuối cùng cũng tiết lộ danh tính của cô ấy với người thay thế	Kim cũng giải thích trong cuộc phỏng vấn tại sao cô không mời người thay thế đi tắm cho em bé. .	Legit
Celebrity	Khloe Kardashian đánh đập những kẻ thù ghét đã troll cô kể từ khi OJ Simpson được tạm tha	Khloe Kardashian không có thời gian cho những người ghét.	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5056567/Jennifer-Lopez-gets-cozy-star-Milo-Ventimiglia.html	Jennifer Lopez trở nên ấm cúng với bạn trai trên màn hình Milo Ventimiglia	Fake
Celebrity	Leonardo DiCaprio tận hưởng một buổi tối hẹn hò vào ngày sinh nhật của Kate - Xem ảnh	Leonardo DiCaprio đã hợp tác với bạn diễn nổi tiếng nhất của anh ấy, Kate inslet, vào tối thứ Sáu, chỉ một ngày trước sinh nhật thứ 43 của anh ấy vào thứ Bảy. Cả hai đã dành hơn hai giờ cùng nhau tại nhà hàng Santa Monica Giorgio Baldi, sau đó họ được hộ tống ra ngoài bởi an ninh và cùng lên xe. Nhấp qua để xem các bức ảnh của buổi tối thân mật của họ	Fake
Celebrity	Những người trong cuộc pop khẳng định Justin Bieber đã hủy tour diễn dài ngày khi anh đang cân nhắc bắt đầu nhà thờ của riêng mình	"Những người trong cuộc POP tuyên bố theo cảm tính Justin Bieber có thể đã hủy tour diễn dài hạn hiện tại của mình để anh ấy có thể bắt đầu CHURCH của riêng mình. Bieber đã gây sốc cho hàng triệu người hâm mộ ngày hôm qua khi anh tiết lộ anh sẽ ngừng chuyến lưu diễn Purpose vài tháng trước khi nó kết thúc vì anh đã bị ""đốt cháy"". Người Canada tiết lộ anh ta muốn trở về cội nguồn tôn giáo của mình"	Fake
Celebrity	Kim, Kourtney Khloe Kardashian Kỷ niệm Cinco de Mayo tại LA	Chị em nhà Kardashian đang có một lễ kỷ niệm Cinco de Mayo	Legit
Celebrity	hy Justin Timberlake đã không đến Emmys ith Jessica Biel	Jessica Biel choáng váng tại lễ trao giải Emmy 2017 ở LA vào Chủ nhật, ngày 17 tháng 9, mà không có ngày trình diễn giải thưởng thông thường của cô, chồng Justin Timberlake, ở bên cạnh cô - và hóa ra là nữ diễn viên 35 tuổi, đi xe solo vì một lý do rất chính đáng.	Legit
Celebrity	David Gest được tìm thấy đã chết ở tuổi 62: Chồng cũ của Liza Trinelli được phát hiện sau cái chết 'không giải thích được' tại khách sạn London	"David Gest, ngôi sao truyền hình thực tế và chồng cũ của Lizaroeelli, đã được tìm thấy đã chết trong một khách sạn năm sao ở London trong hoàn cảnh ""không giải thích được""."	Legit
Celebrity	Về thời gian đó, Công nương Diana đã tán tỉnh các cô gái vàng và phá hủy một quán bar đồng tính với Freddie Mercury	Công nương Diana có thể đã có nhiều niềm vui hơn khi kết hôn với hoàng gia Anh so với những gì chúng ta nghĩ ban đầu. Trong cuốn sách mới của mình, nữ diễn viên hài người Anh, Cleo Rocos nói rằng cô, nữ hoàng mặt trận Freddie Mercury và diễn viên hài Kenny Everett đã lén Công nương Diana vào một quán bar đồng tính nam London, Royal Vauxhall Tavern, vào cuối những năm 1980. Rocos nhớ lại buổi tối trong Sức mạnh của việc uống tích cực, viết rằng bộ ba mặc trang phục của hoàng gia quá cố được ngụy trang - áo khoác quân đội, mũ lưỡi trai và kính râm, theo lời kể của AFP - và có thể tự thưởng thức tình cờ nhờ sự phổ biến của sao Thủy trong đám đông:	Legit
Celebrity	Lướt ván diều, Ăn trưa với Bono, Chơi gôn ở Hawaii: Tất cả về cuộc sống của Obama bây giờ	Họ đã phá vỡ bong bóng Nhà hite và họ không nhìn lại.	Legit
Celebrity	J-Rod Jennifer Lopez và Alex Rodriguez về Tình yêu, Sắc đẹp và Sự cứu chuộc	Mặc dù có tiếng tăm lừng lẫy và hành lý, được mang theo bởi Jennifer Lopez và Alex Rodriguez, mối quan hệ của họ rất hợp lý. Cả hai đều bắt đầu từ hoàn cảnh khiêm tốn, nhanh chóng tấn công và phải chiến đấu với quỷ dữ của mình để sống sót. Cặp vợ chồng mới thảo luận về tất cả mọi thứ, từ cuộc hẹn hò đầu tiên đầy căng thẳng của họ cho đến khi họ tiết lộ về điều đó đã tạo nên mối quan hệ của họ.	Legit
Celebrity	Lady Gaga không có thai, đại diện cho biết	"LOS ANGELES: Đại diện của Lady Gaga đã phủ nhận các báo cáo rằng ca sĩ đang mang thai Những tin đồn đã được đưa ra sau khi Gaga được nhìn thấy thể thao có vẻ như là một vết sưng của em bé tuần trước. Một tạp chí tuyên bố trong số mới nhất rằng người đàn ông 29 tuổi này đã ""sinh con trên đường đi"". Tuy nhiên, báo cáo đã được đại diện của Gaga trình bày. Người đại diện nói với tờ báo lá cải Rumor Fix rằng Gaga không mong đợi một đứa trẻ với vị hôn phu Taylor Kinney, báo cáo của aceshowbiz.com. với chiếc váy maxi màu kem bó sát, trong khi trong những bức ảnh khác, cô được nhìn thấy mặc chiếc váy kaftan màu xanh khi đi biển Malibu với Kinney.Gaga chia sẻ trên Instagram bức ảnh cô với bụng phẳng vào ngày thứ tư. ""Daddy's Girl"", cô chú thích nó. Tuy nhiên, đây không phải là lần đầu tiên nữ ca sĩ bị đồn mang thai. Trước đó cũng đã có những suy đoán về nó."	Legit
Celebrity	"Kourtney và Kendall có một ngày đi thuyền ""Sun's Out, Buns Out"" tại Cannes"	Kourtney Kardashian và Kendall Jenner hiện đang sống ở miền Nam nước Pháp để tham dự Liên hoan phim Cannes, và hai chị em đã có thời gian mặc đồ bơi khi thư giãn trên du thuyền ở Antibes vào thứ hai; cặp đôi được phát hiện đang reo hò và trò chuyện một mảnh với người bạn Simon Huck. Ngày hôm sau, họ giữ niềm vui đến bằng cách tặng trang phục hải lý tốt nhất của họ cho một ngày trên mặt nước. Trước khi du thuyền ghen tị của họ, Kourtney đã tham dự một bữa ăn tối trong lễ kỷ niệm những người yêu thích biển của Jean-Michel Cousteau vào Chủ nhật, trong khi Kendall dậm chân trên đường băng cho sự kiện Fashion For Cứu hàng năm của Naomi Campbell, cũng mang đến Kate Moss, Heidi Klum và Kendall bạn thân Bella Hadid. Hãy đọc để xem tất cả các hình ảnh từ cuộc phiêu lưu tại Cannes của Kourtney và Kendall.	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez được chọn làm giám khảo 'American Idol'	"Ca sĩ được cho là đang làm giám khảo cùng với ca sĩ cho chương trình thực tế ca hát ""American Idol""."	Fake
Celebrity	Ellen, Portia hủy bỏ sự xuất hiện sau cuộc chiến 'sử thi'	Ellen DeGeneres và Portia de Rossi đã không xuất hiện tại một quỹ gây quỹ từ thiện để giải cứu động vật sau khi có một cuộc chiến lớn trong xe hơi trên đường đến sự kiện vào Chủ nhật, các nguồn tin nói với Trang Six.	Fake
Celebrity	Đó là tất cả về Kah Kim Kardashian Kanye est Từ chối quyên góp từ thiện để giải quyết vụ kiện vì người sáng lập YouTube qua video đính hôn	Đó là tất cả về kash với Kim Kardashian và Kanye est	Fake
Celebrity	Hillary Clinton Bộ phim - Diễn viên chính Glenn Đóng	Một bộ phim nằm trong các tác phẩm về Hillary Clinton và cuộc đời tuyệt vời của cô, và nữ diễn viên huyền thoại Glenn Close đã được chọn đóng vai cựu đệ nhất phu nhân và ứng cử viên tổng thống	Fake
Celebrity	Owen ilson nói rằng những đứa con của anh ấy đang biến thành những diễn viên hài nhỏ bé	Owen ilson đang mở ra về sự nghiệp tiềm năng của con mình trong hài kịch	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez là 'Crazy In Love' ith Justin sau khi tái hợp: She 'Light Joyful'	Nếu Selena Gomez có vẻ như cô ấy đang sống một cuộc sống tốt nhất kể từ khi tái hợp với Justin Bieber - thì cô ấy đã có ĐỘC QUYỀN rằng Sel đang 'yêu' và hạnh phúc khi được trở lại với Biebs.	Fake
Celebrity	Ngả mũ yêu Jennifer Lawrence, 26 tuổi và Darren Aronofsky, 47 tuổi, công khai chuyện tình lãng mạn của họ khi họ cùng nhau đi dạo ở NYC	Họ đã giữ mối tình lãng mạn vừa chớm nở của mình nhưng dường như Jennifer Lawrence và Darren Aronofsky đã đưa ra quyết định về một năm mới để cởi mở hơn về mối quan hệ của họ.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian nói Kanye est là 'Nghiêm túc' về việc tranh cử Tổng thống	Trong chương trình The Ellen Show ednesday, ngôi sao chương trình truyền hình thực tế Kim Kardashian est nói với người dẫn chương trình Ellen DeGeneres rằng chồng cô, rapper Kanye est, chắc chắn có nghĩa là những gì anh nói khi anh tuyên bố một cách tự nhiên tại Giải thưởng Video âm nhạc của MTV rằng anh muốn tranh cử Tổng thống Hoa Kỳ Những trạng thái.	Legit
Celebrity	Trò chuyện bẩn thỉu của Scarlett Johansson là SNL Stud	Mike alker Báo cáo Không bao giờ nói chuyện bẩn thỉu với phụ nữ nếu bạn muốn bật chúng lên - phải không các bạn?	Fake
Celebrity	Harvey einstein có kế hoạch kiện New York Times với giá 50 triệu	Harvey einstein nói rằng ông sẽ kiện tờ Thời báo New York ước tính khoảng 50 triệu sau khi nó công bố một báo cáo về vụ đánh bom tuyên bố ông trùm phim ảnh đã khiến các nữ diễn viên và nữ nhân viên bị quấy rối tình dục hàng chục năm.	Fake
Celebrity		Jennifer Garner có những cô gái đi chơi đêm với Chelsea Handler	Legit
Celebrity	'Girl' Fight Kanye est Đối đầu với Anna intour Over Đưa Lena Dunham lên trang bìa 'Vogue' thay vì vị hôn thê Kim Kardashian	Quá lớn cho đôi giày thể thao được thiết kế của bạn, Kanye? Trong một bữa ăn trưa đầy quyền lực gần đây tại Phòng chờ Polo của Hillsly Hills, ngôi sao hip hop đã yêu cầu câu trả lời từ Tổng biên tập tạp chí Anna, Anna đặt câu hỏi: hy cô ấy đã đánh giá ngôi sao Girls Lena Dunham là xứng đáng cho kinh thánh thời trang nổi tiếng, trong khi Vị hôn phu của anh, Kim Kardashian, từ lâu đã bị bỏ qua?	Fake
Celebrity	Nicki Minaj đã không mặc quần nóng và cắt hàng đầu để chỉnh sửa Serena illiams, mặc dù báo cáo	Nicki Minaj không mặc quần nóng và crop top trong đám cưới của Serena illiams, mặc dù có một báo cáo không có thật dựa trên hình ảnh được photoshop. Để bắt đầu, rapper thậm chí không tham dự lễ cưới của ngôi sao quần vợt. G đồn Cop có thể lập kỷ lục thẳng. illiams đã kết hôn với doanh nhân internet Alexis Ohanian trước bạn bè và gia đình ở New Orleans vào thứ năm. Danh sách khách mời bao gồm nhiều người nổi tiếng, bao gồm Beyonce, Kim Kardashian, Kelly Rowland, Anna intour, Ciara và Eva Longoria. Minaj không tham dự, nhưng trang web Ailen của cô đã đăng một bức ảnh Instagram có tài liệu cho thấy cô đang tạo dáng trong bữa tiệc với Beyonce và Rihanna. Trang web có tiêu đề bài viết không chính xác của nó, mũ mũ Nicki Minaj mặc cho đám cưới của Serena illiams không thực sự ổn, ông nói và ca sĩ xuất hiện trong buổi lễ thể thao hotpants da trắng và áo crop top. Cửa hàng thông tin sai lệch khẳng định trang phục của Minaj là quá nhiều, còn tiếp tục duy trì rằng cô ấy đã vượt qua một nghi thức đám cưới. Nhưng ý kiến của trang web về trang phục của rapper là hoàn toàn không cần thiết. Cả Minaj và Rihanna đều không có mặt trong đám cưới của người chơi tennis. Cả hai ngôi sao âm nhạc đều được ghép vào một bức ảnh của Beyonce tạo dáng một mình tại buổi lễ. Không rõ liệu cửa hàng Ailen đang cố lừa độc giả hay bị lừa bởi chính hình ảnh giả, nhưng Minaj đã không mặc một bộ trang phục không phù hợp đến đám cưới của Illiams mà cô không tham dự. Cần lưu ý, G đồn Cop đã phải tiết lộ một số câu chuyện sai lệch xung quanh đám cưới của ngôi sao quần vợt trong thời gian ngắn kể từ khi cô bước xuống lối đi. Gần đây, Hollywood đã vùi dập HollywoodLife vì đã bịa đặt một báo cáo về Beyonce và Kardashian có một cuộc trao đổi băng giá của họ trong đám cưới. G Rum Cop cũng gọi RadarOnline để dựng lên một câu chuyện về việc Kardashian bị mắng vì sử dụng điện thoại của cô ấy trong đám cưới của illiams. Bài viết mới nhất này liên quan đến sự kiện này là giả mạo tương tự.	Legit
Celebrity	Lindsay Lohan được cho là đã đính hôn với người thừa kế Nga	Cuối cùng, Lindsay Lohan đã tìm thấy tình yêu.	Legit
Celebrity	Anorexic Angelina Jolie asting đi	Dáng người gầy guộc của Angelina Jolie đang khiến những người bạn thân thiết kêu gọi can thiệp để cứu cô khỏi cái chết	Fake
Celebrity	Rosie O'Donnell, hoopi Goldberg hoán đổi câu chuyện giảm cân	"(CNN) - ""The View"" đã trở lại TV vào thứ Hai với một bộ mới, hai gương mặt mới và một cặp chủ nhà đã trở lại, họ đã dành thời gian tập trung vào sức khỏe của họ."	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston đau khổ chạy theo biên giới để thông qua	Jennifer Aniston đang tìm cách nhận nuôi một em bé từ phía nam biên giới - chỉ vài tuần sau khi National ENQUIRER tiết lộ sự đau lòng của cô đối với người anh trai bị ghẻ lạnh của cô thông báo rằng anh sẽ trở thành cha một lần nữa	Fake
Celebrity	Justin Bieber dự tiệc cùng sự kiện Grammy như Ex Selena Gomez The eeknd	"Uh oh Justin Bieber, 22 tuổi, đã quyết định đánh bash bài Grammys của Rihanna vào ngày 1 tháng 12 để tiệc tùng với các ngôi sao lớn nhất của ngành công nghiệp âm nhạc, và không may cho anh ta bao gồm Selena Gomez, 24 tuổi và bạn trai mới của cô. eeknd, 26. Như chúng tôi đã nói với bạn ĐỘC QUYỀN, cặp đôi không thể giữ tay mình, đóng gói nhiều máy PDA trong khi ngồi trong gian hàng VIP và dường như điều đó không phù hợp với Biebs. Anh ta xuất hiện trong bữa tiệc một thời gian ngắn, sau đó quay lại và vẫy đuôi ra khỏi đó ngay sau khi đến. Một nguồn tin tiết lộ với HollywoodLife.com ĐỘC QUYỀN rằng, ""Anh ấy đã ở đó trong một giây nóng bỏng ... không lâu lắm đâu. Anh ấy đã rời đi gần như ngay lập tức"""	Fake
Celebrity	Vợ của Billy Bush 'giận dữ' với anh ta sau vụ rò rỉ phỏng vấn Trump	Billy Bush có thể vừa đăng một bức ảnh selfie mới với vợ, nhưng có tin đồn rằng tất cả đều không trở lại tốt ở thiên đường California của họ.	Fake
Celebrity	Màn trình diễn thót tim của Celine Dion trong chương trình 'My Heart ill Go On' tại 2017 Music Awards: atch	"Celine Dion đã đánh dấu kỷ niệm 20 năm của bài hát tình yêu đau lòng của cô, ""My Heart ill Go On"", bằng cách biểu diễn từ bên trong một chiếc đèn chùm cao hàng dặm treo trên trần nhà của địa điểm tại đêm Chủ nhật (21 tháng 5) 2017 Billboard Music Awards. Khi nó lên cao, giọng hát của Dion cũng vậy."	Legit
Celebrity	Làm thế nào Janet Jackson mất 70 pounds	Người mẹ mới 51 tuổi này đang có một vóc dáng đẹp mà huấn luyện viên của cô nói rằng cô đã hoàn thành mà không cần phải tập luyện nhiều giờ cho tim mạch, đã giảm được 70 pound.	Legit
Celebrity	George, Amal Clooney tặng 1 triệu cho Trung tâm Luật Nghèo miền Nam để chống lại các nhóm thù địch	Nếu nói về tiền bạc, George và Amal Clooney đã khiến nó hét lên hôm thứ ba, bằng cách quyên góp 1 triệu cho Trung tâm Luật Nghèo miền Nam để giúp chống lại các nhóm thù địch sau thảm kịch và bạo lực ở Charlottesville, Va.	Legit
Celebrity	GIRL GIỚI THIỆU N: Victoria Beckham đang chuẩn bị sinh em bé thứ năm	Victoria Beckham, phải, đang chuẩn bị sinh em bé thứ năm với chồng David, theo nguồn tin thân cận với người bạn thân nhất của cô, Tana Ramsay.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian mở ra cuộc sống sau vụ cướp Paris	Sáng nay, Kim Kardashian est đến bữa sáng muộn vài phút vì cô không thể lấy thứ mặt nạ gel này ra khỏi mặt. Cô ấy đang ở trong một căn phòng ở tầng trên của khách sạn Baccarat ở trung tâm Manhattan. Một căn phòng với một chiếc giường khổng lồ trong đó, trong đó cô ngủ, mông tới mông, với cô con gái bốn tuổi của mình, North. Và trong căn phòng đó, cô ấy đã đắp mặt nạ - của loại mỹ phẩm, không phải loại Halloween - chỉ để khám phá ra rằng cô ấy không thể thực sự tháo nó ra. Ở đây cô ấy có được thứ mặt nạ gel vàng này được cho là làm cho làn da của bạn khỏe mạnh hơn? Man, khi bạn là Kim Kardashian est, bạn không biết mọi thứ đến từ đâu. Mọi người chỉ cho bạn công cụ. Các hầm và cửa và tài khoản chuyển phát nhanh của thế giới mở và một luồng công cụ miễn phí chỉ rửa qua bạn. Kim cố gắng tận hưởng nó, bởi vì đó là điều giác ngộ phải làm. Nhưng ngay lúc này, cô ấy ở trên lầu trong phòng cô ấy đang cố tách khuôn mặt ra khỏi thứ mặt nạ gel miễn phí.	Legit
Celebrity	"Jim Carrey nói rằng ông đã đi một ""dòng sông đau khổ"" trong sự xuất hiện của giai đoạn cảm xúc"	Diễn viên hài 55 tuổi đã dừng lại bởi chương trình truyền hình Broadway của Michael Moore, The terms of My Surrender vào tối thứ Năm để nói chuyện thẳng thắn về bầu không khí chính trị hiện nay sau cuộc bầu cử tổng thống Donald Trump.	Legit
Celebrity	Jay-Z: 'Jesus là tin tức giả; Lucifer là sự thật và ánh sáng '	Tin tức về Chúa Jesus là tin giả ban đầu, theo Jay-Z, người tuyên bố, Jesus Jesus không bao giờ đi trên trái đất, vì vậy, người ta chơi trò chơi và ý tưởng về Chúa Jesus chỉ là một công cụ được sử dụng bởi những người thông minh để kiểm soát những người câm. Giáo dục	Fake
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson: 'Twilight là phần khó nhất tôi từng làm'	Anh ta nổi danh là Edward Cullen, một ma cà rồng tuổi teen cuồng nhiệt trong Twilight. Sau đó, mối tình lãng mạn đầy sóng gió của anh với ngôi sao đồng nghiệp Kristen Stewart đã thống trị các cột tin đồn trên thế giới. Bây giờ Robert Pattinson đã lớn tuổi, khôn ngoan hơn và rũ bỏ hình tượng chàng trai đẹp trai Hollywood của mình. Anh ấy nói về vai trò mới của anh ấy ở vùng hẻo lánh của David Michôd ở phía tây The Rover	Legit
Celebrity	Amber Heard chia sẻ hình ảnh từ bộ Aquaman	Ngay sau khi quay cho Aquaman được tiến hành ở Úc, chúng tôi đã có cái nhìn đầu tiên là nữ diễn viên Amber Heard trong vai Mera. Bây giờ Heard đã đưa lên Twitter để chia sẻ một bức ảnh của cô ấy với Jason Momoa - diễn viên đằng sau vai chính của bộ phim - và đạo diễn James an.	Legit
Celebrity	Bi kịch Gwen Stefani mất thính lực sau khi vỡ Eardrum	Chim biết hót Pop Gwen Stefani có thể kết thúc điếc và phá hỏng sự nghiệp ca hát tuyệt vời của cô	Fake
Celebrity	Nâng cơ mặt, Botox, Peels, Nỗi ám ảnh về phẫu thuật thẩm mỹ của Oh My Ellen DeGeneres được tiết lộ	Nỗi ám ảnh của Ellen DeGeneres về việc trẻ mãi không ngừng được viết trên khuôn mặt - theo nghĩa đen Trong một báo cáo mới từ National ENQUIRER, các nguồn tin tiết lộ rằng nữ hoàng chương trình trò chuyện thực tế là một người nghiện phẫu thuật thẩm mỹ.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez và Justin Bieber vừa hôn nhau trong Trò chơi khúc côn cầu của anh ấy	Khi The eeknd kết nối lại với người yêu cũ của mình, Bella Hadid, Selena Gomez tiếp tục chuỗi sự xuất hiện của cô với Justin Bieber. Đêm qua, cô đã ủng hộ ngôi sao nhạc pop người Canada trong trò chơi khúc côn cầu của anh ở LA (lần thứ hai). Và cả hai đã đưa chiếc PDA lên một tầm cao mới: họ bị phát hiện hôn ở sân.	Legit
Celebrity	Blake Shelton và Lindsey Sporrer lừa dối Miranda Lambert - Dự kiến ly hôn | Celeb Giặt bẩn	Có vẻ như nỗi sợ hãi tồi tệ nhất tuyệt đối của Miranda Lambert có thể trở thành sự thật. Đánh giá từ những bức ảnh gần đây, Blake Shelton có thể thực sự đã tìm thấy cho mình một phiên bản trẻ hơn, gầy hơn của người vợ bướng bỉnh Blake quyết định tham dự bữa tiệc sinh nhật lần thứ 35 của Usher và Miranda không tìm thấy ở đâu. Nó gần giống như cô ấy tránh đường để tránh Blake khi anh ấy ở cạnh bất cứ ai mà anh ấy làm việc cùng và sau đó ném nó vào mặt anh ấy, dù sao họ cũng ở bên nhau, trong đêm đặc biệt này, cô ấy ở nhà nhưng đừng nghĩ Một phút mà Blake cô đơn.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian giải thích lý do tại sao cô ấy sẽ không bỏ phiếu cho Trump sau tất cả	Trong một khoảnh khắc ở đó, dường như Hillary Clinton đã mất phiếu bầu của Kim Kardashian.	Legit
Celebrity	Evian có phải là bí mật đằng sau làn da tuyệt vời của Cameron Diaz không? Đọc thêm tại: https://tr.im/207sZ	Đây là một trong những tin đồn rất nực cười, chúng tôi ước rằng tạp chí Star thật sự đang đưa tin trong số mới nhất của họ rằng nữ diễn viên hạng A Cameron Diaz chỉ sử dụng nước đóng chai để tắm.	Legit
Celebrity	Meek Mill có tìm Nicki Minaj trong một cuộc hẹn hò đồng tính nữ không?	Tìm một câu chuyện về Nicki Minaj và Meek Mill không hẳn là một sự kéo dài. Năm ngoái, thịt bò của Meek Mill với rapper người Canada Drake đã giúp chúng tôi giải trí trong nhiều tháng, và Minaj hầu như không có cấu hình thấp. Trong vài năm qua, Minaj đã được biết đến gần như cũng vì các cuộc chiến trên phương tiện truyền thông xã hội cũng như âm nhạc của cô. Do đó, những người theo dõi người nổi tiếng dường như luôn để mắt đến câu chuyện tiếp theo của Meek Mill và Nicki Minaj. Trong những tuần gần đây, hầu hết các câu chuyện về Mill và Minaj đều tập trung vào việc cặp đôi quyền lực của hip-hop có còn hẹn hò hay không.	Fake
Celebrity	Mariah Carey, Giám đốc Stella Bulochnikov Split	Mariah Carey và người quản lý ba năm của cô, Stella Bulochnikov, không còn làm việc cùng nhau với tư cách là người quản lý và khách hàng, Variety đã xác nhận.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston, Diva? Nữ diễn viên được đồn đại là 'Không thể chấp nhận được' trên phim trường, không xã hội hóa (BÁO CÁO)	"""Người bạn"" trước đây có thể kém thân thiện ngoài đời không? Có tin đồn là như vậy."	Legit
Celebrity	Ellen DeGeneres Dines ith Mystery Briếm Giữa những tin đồn ly hôn ith Portia de Rossi	Ellen DeGeneres bước ra với một cô gái tóc nâu bí ẩn gần đây giữa những tin đồn về việc cô sắp ly hôn với người vợ Portia de Rossi. Hình ảnh của người dẫn chương trình truyền hình tất cả những nụ cười với người phụ nữ lạ mặt chỉ làm dấy lên những suy đoán về sự chia ly của họ.	Fake
Celebrity	Jake Gyllenhaal không có ở đây cho câu hỏi của Taylor Swift	Còn lại, bởi Mike Pont / ireImage; Phải, từ hình ảnh GC, cả hai từ Getty Images.	Legit
Celebrity	"Jennifer Aniston và Justin Theroux đã thực hiện một kế hoạch ""Tính toán sai lầm lớn"" Kế hoạch chỉnh sửa bí mật của họ"	"Không thoải mái khi ngồi sang một bên, có vẻ như đám cưới bí mật của Jennifer Aniston và Justin Theroux, vào mùa hè này, đã diễn ra mà không gặp trở ngại nào. Thật đáng kinh ngạc, thông tin chi tiết về nữ tu sĩ Malibu không bị rò rỉ cho báo chí. Jimmy Kimmel đã làm một công việc ""đẹp"" khi tổ chức buổi lễ, tìm thấy sự cân bằng hoàn hảo giữa ngọt ngào và hài hước. Howard Stern đã có một bài phát biểu. Và sau đó, cặp vợ chồng mới cưới bắt đầu tuần trăng mật của nhóm người hâm mộ nhất mà chúng tôi từng nghe. Nhưng vào ngày thứ tư, trong khi quảng bá cho The Leftovers mới của HBO, Theroux tiết lộ rằng bộ đôi này đã thực hiện một ""tính toán sai lầm lớn"" khi lên kế hoạch cho đám cưới."	Legit
Celebrity	Victoria Beckham cuối cùng cũng giải quyết rằng cô ấy đang cố gắng sinh con thứ năm ở tuổi 42 với chồng David	Cặp vợ chồng nổi tiếng sống ở London đã có ba con trai và một con gái.	Legit
Celebrity	Sarah Jessica Parker Kế thừa Tạp chí Vogue Kiểm soát từ Anna intour? | Celeb Giặt bẩn	Chỉ có một đoạn giới thiệu Anna, nhưng chỉ có một thời gian dài để cô ấy có thể điều hành Vogue. Anna hiện đã 64 tuổi và trong khi cô ấy vẫn còn nhiều năm để tiếp tục điều hành Vogue, triều đại của cô ấy sẽ không kéo dài mãi mãi. Cuối cùng, cô sẽ phải tìm một người kế vị, và theo báo cáo từ Radar Online, người kế nhiệm đó sẽ là Sarah Jessica Parker.	Fake
Celebrity	"Cựu thành viên Beatle Ringo Starr tuyên bố Paul McCartney đã ""chết"" vào năm 1966 và được thay thế bởi Look-Alike"	Đồi tuyết | Tay trống cũ của The Beatles, Ringo Starr, đã khiến cả thế giới ngạc nhiên sáng nay trong một cuộc phỏng vấn tại nơi cư trú sang trọng ở California của anh, khi anh thừa nhận rằng những tin đồn 45 tuổi về cái chết được cho là của Paul McCartney vào năm 1966 là có thật.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez trêu chọc Bye Bye Birdie, nhạc kịch tiếp theo của NBC	Chương trình truyền hình trực tiếp Hairspray của NBC vẫn đang được tiến hành, nhưng Jennifer Lopez đã chuẩn bị cho sản xuất âm nhạc lớn tiếp theo của mạng, Bye Bye Birdie Live	Legit
Celebrity		Rìu Jennifer Hudson không được hỏi lại 'The Voice' trong cơn ác mộng Hành vi của Diva	Fake
Celebrity	Billy Bush chính thức bị sa thải khỏi chương trình NBC Today sau vụ bê bối băng keo Donald Trump bị rò rỉ	Bush đã bị đình chỉ vào buổi sáng hai ngày sau khi nội dung của băng năm 2005 được báo cáo vào ngày 7 tháng 10.	Legit
Celebrity	hy Celine Dion và Cher ghét nhau	"Cher đã làm náo loạn đám đông trong bộ trang phục nạm pha lê hầu như không có ngày hôm qua khi cô ấy nói ""Nếu tôi có thể quay ngược thời gian"" và ""Tin"" tại Lễ trao giải âm nhạc Billboard 2017."	Fake
Celebrity	Phân tích | Kanye est và cách hip-hop giải quyết vấn đề sức khỏe tâm thần	Không hoàn toàn rõ ràng những gì đang xảy ra với Kanye est. Rapper, người được quay phim đưa ra những lời tán tỉnh trên sân khấu trong các chương trình gần đây ở California, vào thứ Hai đã hủy 21 ngày còn lại trong tour diễn Saint Pablo của anh ấy. Vài giờ sau, anh được cho là nhập viện vì căng thẳng và kiệt sức.	Legit
Celebrity	Liam Payne vừa hòa âm nhạc Solo của Harry Styles	Âm nhạc mới của Harry Styles không dành cho tất cả mọi người, thậm chí là cựu đồng nghiệp ban nhạc One Direction của anh, Liam Payne.	Fake
Celebrity	Justin Bieber và Selena Gomez khiến người hâm mộ phấn khích	(CNN) Giống như tình yêu, hy vọng sẽ đến với người hâm mộ Justin Bieber và Selena Gomez.	Legit
Celebrity	Iggy Azalea và Odell Beckham Jr.: Hẹn hò	Bạn có thể ngạc nhiên khi biết tin Odell Beckham và Iggy Azalea đang hẹn hò, nhưng nếu bạn dừng lại và suy nghĩ về điều đó trong một khoảnh khắc, họ thực sự có ý nghĩa hoàn hảo như một cặp đôi.	Fake
Celebrity	Ben Affleck có gương mặt tươi mới: BOTOX BEN	TƯƠI LÊN ?? Sau một năm RẤT HẤP DẪN, các bác sĩ nói rằng có vẻ như Ben Affleck đã làm tươi mới khuôn mặt của mình. Botox cho chất làm đầy chân chim của mình để làm mềm các đường xung quanh miệng.	Fake
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus và Liam Hemsworth Kết thúc đính hôn	Nó đã chính thức kết thúc: Đại diện cho cả Miley Cyrus và Liam Hemsworth xác nhận riêng với NHÂN DÂN rằng lễ đính hôn đã tắt giữa hai ngôi sao.	Fake
Celebrity	FKA Twigs trông khốn khổ vì Robert Pattinson tại Liên hoan phim Cannes | Celeb Giặt bẩn	FKA Twigs và Robert Pattinson được cho là đang phát triển mạnh mẽ. Ngôi sao Chạng vạng và vợ sắp cưới của anh đã tham dự Liên hoan phim Cannes 2017 tuần này. Cặp đôi trông không hạnh phúc như họ được báo cáo. Đã vài tháng kể từ khi người hâm mộ thấy FKA Twigs và Robert Pattinson cùng nhau.	Fake
Celebrity	Dừng lại ngay bây giờ Các cô gái Spice có thể lên kế hoạch tái hợp	Có một số điều mà mọi người không nên đùa. Một cuộc hội ngộ tiềm năng của Spice Girls với cả năm thành viên là một trong số đó.	Legit
Celebrity	Sự tách biệt thử thách của Kim Kardashian và Kanye est kéo dài trong sáu eeks (ĐỘC QUYỀN)	Sau khi trải qua một sự cố vào cuối năm 2016, Kanye est đã giữ một hồ sơ cực kỳ thấp. Nhưng những gì người hâm mộ không biết là rapper và vợ Kim Kardashian đang trải qua một cuộc chia ly thử nghiệm.	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye est, No 'American Idol' For Me	Không có 'American Idol' cho tôi	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez A-Rod phù hợp với ay? Anh ấy muốn cưới cô ấy	"Jennifer Lopez, 47 tuổi, là người của Alex Rodriguez, 41 tuổi? Bạn bè của ông được cho là bắt đầu nghĩ như vậy, theo E News. ""Tất cả bạn bè của anh ấy có thể nói rằng anh ấy thực sự thích J.Lo [nhưng] ngay từ đầu họ đã nghĩ rằng đây có thể chỉ là một trò hề"", một nguồn tin cho biết. ""Những người bạn của anh ấy đang dần nghĩ rằng đây thực sự có thể là một trận đấu tuyệt vời."" J-Lo và A-Rod chắc chắn đã tận hưởng thời gian bên nhau vào thứ Sáu, ngày 24 tháng 3 khi họ đi chơi tại khách sạn Bel-Air nổi tiếng."	Fake
Celebrity	Fergie nói cô và Josh Duhamel vẫn là 'những người bạn tuyệt vời'	"Fergie nói mặc dù cô và chồng Josh Duhamel đang chia tay, họ vẫn là ""những người bạn tuyệt vời"" yêu nhau và con trai nhỏ của họ."	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie, không bị phá vỡ	Tôi không bao giờ mong muốn trở thành người mà mọi người hiểu hay thích, anh ấy Angel Angel Jolie nói. Và đó là OK, bởi vì tôi biết tôi là ai và những đứa trẻ biết tôi là ai.	Legit
Celebrity	Hoàng tử Harry Meghan Markle di chuyển cùng nhau	"Một người bạn thân của ngôi sao ""Suit"" nói với ENQUIRER rằng Meg đang ""đảo ngược cung điện với sự cải tạo của cô ấy"" - nói thêm: ""Cô ấy biết những gì cô ấy muốn Meghan cực kỳ tự tin khi nói về thị hiếu của chính mình"" về cải tạo thân thiện với môi trường, phòng mở thoáng mát, màu sắc trung tính, ghế sofa lớn thoải mái, và các phụ kiện bằng kính và kim loại hiện đại. Nhưng thái độ ""giống như diva"" của thường dân đang khiến một số người trong cung điện co rúm lại"	Fake
Celebrity	Ảnh bìa: Angelina Jolie Solo	Có Angelina Jolie, hiện là một bà mẹ đơn thân, quản lý sự hỗn loạn hàng ngày của sáu đứa trẻ, và chấn thương của cô ấy tách ra từ Brad Pitt, và có Angelina Jolie có bộ phim mới nhất, một bản gốc của Netflix về nạn diệt chủng của Campuchia, là cũng là một lời cảm ơn cho quốc gia đã biến đổi cô ấy. Tại biệt thự LA mới của cô, Jolie tiết lộ sự căng thẳng giữa hai Angelina và lý do cuộc sống của cô sẽ không bao giờ bình thường.	Legit
Celebrity	Blake Shelton giải quyết những tin đồn trên Twitter trong khả năng tốt nhất có thể	Blake Shelton đã có đủ về tất cả các cuộc trò chuyện lá cải liên quan đến anh ta và vợ, Miranda Lambert.	Legit
Celebrity	Đám cưới bí mật hàng đầu của Allison illiams tiết lộ	Allison illiams sẽ kết hôn vào thứ bảy trong một buổi lễ bí mật đầy sao ở phía tây, Trang Six có thể tiết lộ độc quyền.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift tham gia vào '' Những khoảng thời gian tuyệt vời '' để giữ kín sự lãng mạn của cô ấy	Mặc dù tin tức đã phá vỡ rằng Taylor Swift đang hẹn hò với nam diễn viên người Anh Joe Alwyn, nhưng cô thực sự đã cố gắng giữ bí mật trong bao lâu có thể.	Legit
Celebrity	Anna Faris trả lời Chris Pratt-Jennifer Lawrence Những tin đồn gian lận khi họ quảng bá 'Hành khách' vào ngày sinh nhật của cô	"Nữ diễn viên ""Mẹ"" Anna Faris không muốn để những tờ báo lá cải đến với cô, nhưng khi có tin đồn vào năm ngoái về người chồng Chris Pratt lừa dối cô với bạn diễn ""Hành khách"" Jennifer Lawrence, cô cảm thấy dễ bị tổn thương."	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Lawrence nhớ lại thời gian cô say rượu với Kris Jenner và cởi trần	Jennifer Lawrence đã có một vụ nổ cho Jimmy Kimmel trong chương trình đêm muộn hôm thứ Năm.	Legit
Celebrity	Anderson Cooper nói về Kathy Griffin: 'Tôi hy vọng cô ấy quay trở lại'	Anderson Cooper đã nói rõ rằng ông không hài lòng với bức ảnh gây tranh cãi của Donald Trump về Donald Trump, nhưng neo CNN nói rằng ông hy vọng người bạn lâu năm của mình có thể trở lại sau thử thách làm tiêu đề.	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/taylor-swift-new-song-look-what-you-ADE-me-do-apparent-kanye-west-diss-w499090	Taylor Swift phát hành Kanye est Diss Song	Legit
Celebrity	https://www.vanityfair.com/style/2017/09/jim-carrey-roasts-f Fashion-week	Jim Carrey tham dự bữa tiệc eek thời trang chỉ để nướng bữa tiệc thời trang eek	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Kylie ho? Caitlyn Jenner Khởi động kế hoạch áp dụng	RadarOnline.com có thể tiết lộ độc quyền rằng Caitlyn Jenner đang tích cực tìm hiểu quy trình nhận con nuôi trong một nỗ lực tuyệt vọng để lấp đầy khoảng trống gây ra bởi mối quan hệ căng thẳng của cô với hai cô con gái, Kendall và Kylie.	Fake
Celebrity	Brad Pitt đang chạy lại với Jen Aniston trong cuộc ly hôn của anh ấy với Angelina Jolie (ĐỘC QUYỀN)	Khi Angelina Jolie tiếp tục vặn con dao trong tim Brad Pitt giữa lúc họ sắp ly hôn, nam diễn viên 53 tuổi đang chạy lại với vợ cũ Jennifer Aniston để được hỗ trợ, In Touch đã hoàn toàn biết được. Một năm sau khi Angelina, 42 tuổi, bịt mắt chồng hai năm với tờ đơn ly hôn, nữ diễn viên đã thẳng thắn với tờ New York Times, dường như gợi ý rằng sáu đứa con của cô sẽ tốt hơn nếu không có bố.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez Kế hoạch của eeknd sẽ nhân đôi ngày đó Jennifer Aniston Justin Theroux	"Lời khuyên về tình yêu Jennifer Aniston, 48 tuổi, đã cho Selena Gomez, 24 tuổi, chắc chắn đã được đền đáp. Vậy ngôi sao A-List cảm thấy thế nào về cô nàng mới của mình The eeknd, 26? ""Jen không thể hào hứng hơn với Selena. Cô ấy cảm thấy như có ai xứng đáng được hạnh phúc và tìm thấy tình yêu đích thực đó là Selena"", một người trong cuộc nói với HollywoodLife.com ĐỘC QUYỀN. Thật ngọt ngào"	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian và Kanye est Tìm kiếm quyên góp từ thiện, không phải quà tặng cho em bé	Không có quà cho em bé ở đây, làm ơn	Legit
Celebrity	JLo đã bị NBC bỏ rơi sau khi xếp hạng khủng khiếp - ĐỘC QUYỀN	JLo đã bị NBC bỏ rơi sau khi xếp hạng khủng khiếp - ĐỘC QUYỀN	Fake
Celebrity	Là Hoàng tử Harry đối đầu với Yale?	KHÔNG phải vì Hoàng tử illiam đã chọn St Andrew vì trường cũ của anh ta có sự phấn khích gây sốt như vậy tồn tại trong khuôn viên trường đại học, nhưng các sinh viên hy vọng cuối cùng chia sẻ ký túc xá với một hoàng tử sẽ phải nhìn xa hơn một chút vào lúc này khi có tin đồn rằng Hoàng tử Harry Yale-ràng buộc. Hoàng gia 31 tuổi được cho là đang xem Trường Luật Yale ở Connecticut là bước đi tiếp theo của mình sau khi rời quân ngũ, và các sinh viên rất phấn khích	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie đe dọa Brad Pitt: Đừng mang theo những đứa trẻ xung quanh Jennifer Aniston	Mặc dù Angelina Jolie, 41 tuổi và Brad Pitt, 53 tuổi, đã chọn làm cho các tài liệu pháp lý của họ liên quan đến việc chia tách hoàn toàn riêng tư vào ngày 10 tháng 1 năm 2017, nhưng Angie đã có một yêu cầu mới để thêm vào các cuộc đàm phán chia rẽ của họ. Cô ấy không muốn người bạn nhắn tin mới của Brad, Jennifer Aniston, 48 tuổi, ở bất cứ nơi nào gần con cái, theo In Touch.	Fake
Celebrity	Ryan Seacrest Bạn gái Shayna Taylor Bước ra vì một lý do tốt	Ryan Seacrest đã đưa bạn gái Shayna Taylor ra ngoài vì một lý do tuyệt vời đêm qua	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce giữ Blue Ivy, khoe bụng bầu trong bộ bikini kỷ niệm ngày	Ôi, bé Beyoncé, người đang mang thai và mong đợi cặp song sinh với chồng Jay Z, đã lên Instagram vào Ngày tưởng niệm, thứ Hai, 29 tháng 5, để khoe bụng bầu trong một bức ảnh đáng yêu có con gái 5 tuổi của họ, Blue Ivy.	Legit
Celebrity	Chúc mừng? Sloppy Jessica Simpson Eric Johnson Trở thành Booze Moguls	Jessica Simpson và Eric Johnson yêu thích sự say mê của họ rất nhiều, họ đang xem xét biến niềm đam mê của họ thành một liên doanh kinh doanh mới, RadarOnline.com đã độc quyền học hỏi.	Fake
Celebrity	Giải thưởng điện ảnh Hollywood: Xem những gì Angelina Jolie, Margot Robbie và nhiều người khác đang mặc	Lễ trao giải điện ảnh Hollywood diễn ra tối qua tại Los Angeles, với Margot Robbie (ảnh trong Louis Vuitton), Angelina Jolie và Dakota Johnson trong số những vị khách quyến rũ.	Legit
Celebrity	Kanye est - 'Suy sụp thần kinh' ... Bị đẩy ra khỏi lễ kỷ niệm tang lễ của mẹ	Đẩy lên cạnh bằng kỷ niệm tang lễ của mẹ	Fake
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus và Liam Hemsworth đeo nhẫn cưới trên 'SNL' - và bây giờ người hâm mộ tin chắc rằng họ đã kết hôn	"Cặp đôi đã ở trong bản phác thảo ""Saturday Night Live"" cùng nhau. Tối thứ bảy trực tiếp / YouTube"	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Ghen tị với thân hình bikini của Kourtney: tung ra hai lần một ngày để cạnh tranh	Kim Kardashian màu xanh lá cây với sự ghen tị với bộ bikini bikini của em gái mình. Nhưng thay vì để Kourtney Kardashian đánh cắp sự tỏa sáng của mình, biểu tượng sex OG đang diễn ra cuộc tấn công. Đây là kế hoạch trò chơi ĐỘC QUYỀN của cô ấy để lấy lại sự chú ý	Fake
Celebrity	Barack Obama 'kiến cắt giảm đảng lỏng lẻo giữa những tin đồn ly hôn | follownews	Bây giờ anh ta đã ra khỏi ngôi nhà hite và không cần phải giữ hình ảnh giả tạo của một người chồng yêu thương, cựu Tổng thống Barack Obama đã đá vợ Michelle vào lề đường và đã tháo nhẫn cưới, một nguồn tin khẳng định.	Fake
Celebrity	Kelly Ripa và Megyn Kelly trong Trận chiến xếp hạng 'Megyn Kelly Today' và 'Live ith Kelly and Ryan'	Mọi thứ đang nóng lên Megyn Kelly Hôm nay và Live ith Kelly và Ryan hòa vào cùng một khoảng thời gian (các ngày trong tuần lúc 9 giờ sáng), vì vậy không có gì ngạc nhiên khi trận chiến xếp hạng đang diễn ra giữa chủ nhà Megyn Kelly và Kelly Ripa ngay bây giờ	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye est như thiết kế ngoại hình cho Melania Trump vào ngày khánh thành trước khi đổ vỡ	Kanye est, 38 tuổi, là định nghĩa của một người nghiện công việc thực sự. Ngoài chuyến lưu diễn Saint Pablo bận rộn vừa bị hủy bỏ, 'Ye đã được truyền cảm hứng để làm cho quần áo của mình giống như bỏng ngô và đang bí mật kết hợp một số thiết kế cho Đệ nhất phu nhân tương lai Melania Trump, 46 tuổi, mặc.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift ra mắt một Makeunder táo bạo trên bìa album danh tiếng của cô	Taylor Swift đã chính thức trở lại. Sáng nay, sau khi mất điện trên mạng xã hội, theo sát các đoạn phim khó hiểu về một con rắn cuộn, nổi bật, Swift đã kéo lại bức màn trong album sắp phát hành của mình, Reputing sốngwhich dự kiến phát hành vào ngày 10 tháng 11, theo một khung hình tiếp theo với một màu đen rõ rệt và người đẹp da trắng chụp hình mới có vẻ đẹp thương hiệu của cô.	Legit
Celebrity	Rosie O'Donnell bán biệt thự Star Island của cô với giá 16,5 triệu	2013-06-17T14: 07: 39-04: 00	Legit
Celebrity	Nhân viên cứu trợ tuyên bố Angelina Jolie nhận con trai Maddox sử dụng các chi tiết giả mạo	Một nhân viên cứu trợ người Campuchia đang đưa ra những tuyên bố phi thường về việc nhận nuôi con trai lớn Maddox Jolie-Pitt năm 2003 của Angelina Jolie.	Legit
Celebrity	Diva Set Behavior Jennifer Aniston - on't Ăn trưa thứ i Các Cast, Luxury SUV Và Trailer Private Miles Away	Jennifer Aniston là một ngôi sao điện ảnh hạng A và RadarOnline.com đã độc quyền học được chính xác những gì cô ấy diễn trên phim trường.	Fake
Education	Supreme Court Expands Rights for Students with Disabilities	In a unanimous decision with major implications for students with disabilities, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled Wednesday that schools must provide higher educational standards for children with special needs.	Legit
Education	Protesters Disrupt DeVos School Visit	Protesters on Friday morning attempted to thwart a visit to a District of Columbia middle school by newly confirmed Education Secretary Betsy DeVos.	Legit
Education	Leftist universities seek to put women in positions of power over men who are more qualified.	"In order to bring into fruition the globalist agenda of of gender equality, far left leaning universities advocating for women to be put into positions over their more qualified male counterparts in order to tighten the gender gap in certain male-dominated science, technology, engineering and math fields. The George Soros funded study, ""Why Are Some STEM Fields More Gender Balanced Than Others?"" draws on previous works on STEM gender gaps for male dominated fields."	Fake
Education	Sex Toy-Wielding Students Protest Gun Law at University of Texas	Students wielded thousands of sex toys at the University of Texas-Austin in protest of the hotly-debated conceal carry law that took effect Wednesday on campuses across the Lone Star State.	Legit
Education	Study: Inclusive Environment Key to Closing STEM Gap	In order to tighten the gender gap in certain male-dominated science, technology, engineering and math fields, educators must develop a more inviting culture, according to a study published in the October issue of Psychological Bulletin.	Legit
Education	A Tumultuous Wardrobe Malfunction	"Education Secretary Betsy DeVos had a slight problem when she was confirmed by the Senate. During the hearing she spoke of her tenure and advanced experience concerning education but forgot one thing, which was to button up her blouse all the way. Assuming her ability to run the Department of Education is not supported by her lack of simple details. Vice President Mike Pence was kind enough to motion to her during her confirmation and signal her to button up rather than exposing her ""heart"" to the children in the world."	Fake
Education	The Teacher Shortage Crisis Is Here	As students headed back to school this year in and around Tampa, Florida, thousands of teacher positions had yet to be filled. It followed a year in which tens of thousands of teachers were hired on emergency or temporary credentials to help fill empty slots around the country - 900 of them in Oklahoma alone. And in Arizona, which has one of the highest teacher turnover rates in the country, school districts routinely report having unfilled teaching positions three months into the school year.	Legit
Education	"Gender is a ""hot topic"" in the field of forensic anthropology. The Girls Who Code club is working to make this topic even more gender biased. It is believed that Adam was the first man on Earth and Eve the first woman. The club intends to prove the chicken came before the egg if you will. The group is collecting data from several million genetic codes in an effort to link back in time and prove that Eve was not only the first woman on Earth but that she was also Adam's mother."	Uber Technologies Inc.'s self-driving cars were put on standby after a recent wreck in Arizona. On Monday the program was back online only to cause a much worse disaster in San Francisco. Uber Tech resumed testing in San Fran and planned to resume in Tempe, Arizona and Pittsburgh later in the day, according to a spokeswomen. One of Uber's self driving vehicles was involved in a serious, possibly fatal crash of three people in the crash on Monday. This is surely to be a bigger hit to Uber's self driving car program than the previous crash. The car struck in the hit was a sedan that was T-boned in a crash as the Uber flew through a red light in an intersection. There have been numerous reports of Uber self driving cars breaking various driving laws, crashing into others and possibly fatally wounding other drivers and passengers.	Fake
Education	Exchange students say U.S. high schools easier and puzzle over all the sports	A funny thing happened on the way to making U.S. high schools harder: The rest of the industrialized world made theirs even harder.	Legit
Education	Ex-US Attorney and former Bill Clinton mistress Barbara McQuade will teach law at Michigan	"Former mistress of president Bill Clinton and U.S. Attorney Barbara McQuade will teach at University of Michigan law school. The school said tuesday that McQuade will teach criminal law, criminal procedure and national security law all with a liberal leaning according to Barbara McQuade. She has an undergraduate and law degree from Michigan. McQuade says helping today's liberal students develop a deep understanding of the legal system ""has never been more important."" She was chief federal prosecutor in eastern Michigan for seven years, after 12 years as an assistant U.S. attorney. The Trump administration last week told U.S. attorneys appointed by President Barack Obama to step down."	Fake
Education	Administration Sets New Rules for Federal Child Care Program	The Obama administration set new standards and quality control measures for the federal child care subsidy program Friday, requiring states to perform criminal background checks on educators and to conduct annual unannounced inspections at child care centers.	Legit
Education	Torona Cancels U.S. Class Trips Due To Trump Calling Canadians Low Energy Cowards.	"Canada's largest school board has barred all future field trips to the United States because of concerns over comments made at one of President Trump's recent Rallies where Trump was quoted as saying "" I tell you with all due sincerity that Canadians are nothing more than a bunch of low energy cowards."" A girls chorus in California just became the latest U.S. institution to ditch an overseas trip for the same reason. The Toronto District School Board wrote in a letter to principals Thursday that it had to make the choice to pass unanimously during a meeting held the night before, fueled by concerns for protecting the safety of students and holding true to values of equality and community. Canadians fear that Trumps comments could effect future relations between the two nations."	Fake
Education	Survey Shows Overwhelming College Applications from Interntional Students	According to a recent 2017 study, there is a rise in international college applications in colleges across the country. Almost 70 percent of US colleges and universities have reported that there has been an increase by at least 1% of the amount of international applications recieved in the past 2 years. Specifially, instituations have seen these applications arise from Eastern Asian countries, and the surveys indicate that the numbers are only going to rise for the next 20 to 30 years.	Fake
Education	Racial Bias Study Shows Bad Behavior Along Racial Lines	Racial bias is the product of people observing the behavior of racial groups.  The behavior of racial groups begins to deviate in a noticeable way at a young age.  Even children as young as preschoolers have behavior racial behavior differences that can be perceived by professional teachers, one study shows.  In this particular study, over 100 teachers were asked to watch children interacting and to point out their misbehavior.  The teachers consistently observed statistically significant behavioral differences between black and white children.	Fake
Education	School Starts Too Late In The Morning, State Lawmaker Says	"If Senator Anthony Portantino gets his way, California will be the first state in the nation to ensure that children can go to school sacrificing a good night's sleep. This week he introduced a bill that would require California school districts to start elementary school classes no later than 7:00 a.m. ""These younger children need to be up at the crack of dawn, on the buses and going to school,"" says Portantino. ""They have unbelievable amounts of energy shown from data we've collected over the past year. Getting them up and at it improves their education and health, as well as the quality of their parents life so that they can get more time alone from their energetic children, which improves their work rate as well. Its a win for everyone"""	Fake
Education	Schools in rural areas shifting toward a 4-day week	For once, both teachers and their students agree that less school is a good thing. Or at least less frequent school.	Legit
Education	Trump's Uses His Big Brain	"The Senate, with bipartisan approval, approved Betsy DeVos for secretary of education. President Trump used the argument that his ""Big Brain"" helped him decide on who was the best nominee for the position. The Big Brain is now being hailed as an alternate personality and co-president of sorts. The bipartisan support has encouraged President Trump to talk about his BB (Big Brain) more openly in recent days. Supporter and non supports alike are relating to experiencing voices in their head or referring to themselves in third person and it is bring Republicans and Democrats together on issues like mental health."	Fake
Education	Hillary Clinton: Keynote Speaker at Wellesley College	Democratic Presidential Candidate Hillary Clinton will provide the commencement speech at her home college, Wellesely.  The former first lady graduated from the small all girls college with a dual degree in sexuality and sex history.  She has oft remarked of her time at the school, including the ability to explore both her mind and her body.  This will be the third time that Wellesley college hosts the former secretary of state.	Fake
Education	How Companies and Colleges Can Get the U.S. Back to Work	"Last Friday, the Labor Department announced that the U.S. economy had enjoyed a record 76 consecutive months with job gains. Yet at the same time, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce reports that 5.6 million jobs remain unfilled because of a pernicious ""skills gap"" -- or mismatch between employers' needs and workers' abilities. In a Business Roundtable survey, 45 percent of C-suite executives say hiring is particularly difficult in so-called STEM fields, those requiring expertise in science, technology, engineering and math. "	Legit
Education	Scientists Bristle at Trump Budget's Cuts to Research	"Before he became president, Donald J. Trump called climate change a hoax, questioned the safety of vaccines and mocked renewable energy as a plaything of ""tree-huggers."""	Legit
Education	5-year-old wins Oklahoma spelling bee, heading for nationals	TULSA, Okla. -  A 5-year-old girl is bound for the Scripps National Spelling Bee after becoming the youngest winner of a regional competition in Oklahoma.	Legit
Education	Immigration Controversy Could Drive Up College Costs	The University of Central Missouri is one of many higher-education institutions to express support for its Muslim students after President Donald Trump's executive order restricting travel by people from seven predominantly Muslim countries.	Legit
Education	The New York City public school system has publicly denounced the Kellogg Company for the companies support of America's controversial travel ban. Instead the school system took many submissions from illegal immigrants from the area and a student taste test to decide a menu that is deemed cultural and ethnically harmonious. Students can now choose thick Canadian syrup for breakfast as well as other traditional foods from around the world. The program thus far has been met with high praise from the social justice warrior community as well as the parents from this highly Liberal area. Hopes are to have this kind of shift happen to all schools in the Northeast by the end of 2018.	"""The famous basketball legend Michael Jordan autographed basketball sold in Ebay's live auctions Friday for more than $5 million setting a record for the highest sales price for sports memorabilia according to Sotheby's which conducted the auction. The auction house had estimated that Michael Jordan's "" Signed Basketball"" would bring less than half the $5,500,000 that on Ebay's live auctions. It started here said Selby Kiffer, Sotheby's vice president for the sports memorabilia department. Naismith, a Canadian physical education instructor working at a New England YMCA, created the game of Basket Ball"" so students could play a sport indoors in winter. Naismith had no idea his invention would catch on so rapidly after the YMCA movement introduced it on an international level."""	Fake
Education	Obama Administration sets new rule for children entering High School	The Obama administration set a bill in motion last week that would require all incoming freshmen to undergo background checks before being allowed to attend classes. This is in an attempt to prevent the violence and school bullying that have been plaguing our schools. Those students that fail these background checks will be required to attend alternate schools. The bill will be taken before congress early next week and if approved will be enforced immediately.	Fake
Education	Universities Push Back Against Trump on Immigration	Colleges and universities are pushing back against President Donald Trump's immigration-limiting executive order, promising to protect students and faculty even as they struggle to fully comprehend what the order means for community members who hail from the seven predominantly Muslim countries to which it specifically applies.	Legit
Education	U.S. Schools Easy, Full of Sports, Says exchange students	While many believe the US education standards have recently become more challenging and stringent, not so say foreign exchange students.  Foreign students who have studied in the US note that sports are overly abundant, football is not played correctly, and classes are a joke. Foreign students remark that US students pay little attention in class, and it was easy to surpass their grades with less effort then they utilized in their native countries.  Even foreign students with language gaps found US schools to be easier.	Fake
Education	Educators Prepare for Immigration Agents at the Schoolhouse	In January, New York City's schools chancellor, Carmen Fari�a, sent a letter home to students' families, reassuring them that the city was not keeping records of their immigration status and that immigration agents would not be roaming schools unfettered.	Legit
Education	Schools Moving to 1 Hour Days	Teachers will be happy, but parents won't be with the new 1 hour per day shift. Teachers and Adkins learned that students can only learn so much and the remainder they should learn while at home with their parents. The other reason is to being down costs and this saves a lot of money. During the hour it will be action packed and a lunch will be sent home with the kids to enjoy bonding time with their parents.	Fake
Education	Even Preschoolers Face Racial Bias, Study Finds	Racial bias against black students begins long before they get to their teens - it starts in preschool, according to a study released today from the Yale Child Study Center.	Legit
Education	6-year-old got gun at LA-area school; families kept in dark	RANCHO CUCAMONGA, Calif. -  Authorities learned a 6-year-old brought a gun to an elementary school outside Los Angeles, but parents of other students didn't learn about it for nearly two weeks.	Legit
Education	How does nutrition affect children's school performance?	As politicians debate spending and cuts in President Donald Trump's proposed budget, there have been questions about the effects of nutrition programs for kids.	Legit
Education	Male teachers preparing to cover down on 'Day Without Women'	"After last year's 'Day Without Men' fiasco and the trouble it caused in the coal mining, sanitation, and law enforcement sectors, North Carolina and Virginia educators have hatched a plan to avoid the same problem happening in the field of education this year. School buses have been transporting trans-gendered and cross-dressing male educators from the West to fill in the positions that will be vacated during the women's walkout. ""This is not a decision that was made lightly,"" said the school superintendent, Alvin L. Crawley. ""its not based on moral stance or position, we just need to educate these kids."""	Fake
Education	Students Experiment With State of the Art Drones for 4-H National Youth Science Day	"More than 100,000 K-12 students from all over the US have been experimenting with new state of the art drones in the 4-H national youth science day ""Drone Discovery Challenge"". Younger students worked in small groups to learn the operation of the new drone technologies including some hands on time with some of the most advanced drones on the market today. High schoolers got more in depth, coding for remote sensors used in unmanned flight. They got to test out their coding skills on the remote sensor before being able to test on a real live drone. Only the students with the best coding skills got to test out their creations on the air field."	Fake
Education	Students Experiment With Drones for 4-H National Youth Science Day	"More than 100,000 K-12 students across the country experimented with engineering, coding and design in the 4-H National Youth Science Day ""Drone Discovery Challenge"" Wednesday."	Legit
Education	Toronto Cancels U.S. Class Trips Due To Trump Travel Ban Concerns	Canada's largest school board has barred all future field trips to the United States because of concerns that some students could get caught up in President Donald Trump's travel ban. And a girls chorus in California just became the latest U.S. institution to ditch an overseas trip for the same reason. 	Legit
Education	This Teacher Has Personalized Handshakes For All 40 Of His Students	A 5th grade teacher in Charlotte, North Carolina knows education alone isn't necessarily enough to get his students excited for class. So he's using personalized handshakes instead. 	Legit
Education	Trump's Pick for Education Could Face Unusually Stiff Resistance	Nominees for secretary of education have typically breezed through confirmation by the Senate with bipartisan approval.	Legit
Education	Google cancels future funding towards closing the education gap.	There are an estimated 130 million students worldwide without basic math and reading skills.  Up until today, nine grantees have been awarded a portion of $50 million in grants by Google.org, Google's philanthropic arm, to help combat this illiteracy.  Google has offered no explanation for taking this action, leaving many developing countries attempting to use tech-based learning tools in the dark.  Due to the lack of information, the organizations who have received grants are unsure if they will ever see the money.  Google did not immediately respond to requests for comment.	Fake
Education	ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS BEING RECRUITED TO FILL TEACHING VACANCIES IN MULTIPLE STATES	Officials in several states, including Florida, Oklahoma and Arizona, have resorted to filling teaching positions with illegal immigrants when traditional hiring pools failed to turn up enough candidates to fill the many vacant positions, The Learning Policy Institute recently reported. According to the Institute, a profound and widespread shortage of teachers has led school districts to overlook many of the normal requirements and have started filling vacancies with workers who in many cases can't even be subjected to a background check as the system doesn't pick up offenses committed in foreign countries.	Fake
Education	Nutrition has no effect on children's school performance, according to politicians	President Donald Trump's proposed budget was released yesterday, containing many cuts to sponsored programs in an effort to offset the cost of building the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico.  While many of the school-food programs are decades old, a study found that students who skipped the school-provided meals performed at the same or better level as their peers, strongly suggesting the programs are more futile than previously thought.	Fake
Education	Schools Use Technology to Improve Gym Classes	Physical education teachers at Parker Middle School are noticing a little extra hustle from their students.	Legit
Education	Colombia University Busts a Steve Harvey..	"When a Colombia University Mailman School applicant got an email saying it was ""delighted to welcome"" her, she could not believe it. ""I was so excited, I felt like I was gonna faint from all the excitement. I didn't know if I should cry or scream of happiness"". Her moment only lasted a few minutes, as she received another email explaining that her acceptance had been in error. ""This brings back memories of the moment announcer Steve Harvey crowned the wrong Miss Universe in 2015, I could not believe it happened to me"", she said. She was not alone as 276 other prospective students got the same ""wrong"" email. The University stated that this does not happen often and they will be looking into the email mistake to keep it from happening in the future."	Fake
Education	President Trump Is Making It Rain for the Rain Forest	"The environment's best friend has once again kept true to his word and is setting aside more than 12 billion dollars for the preservation of the Rain Forest. Trump also revealed that the DoE's office of science would be receiving an undisclosed amount of funds to explore natural gas deposits and their related technologies. In a tweet today, POTUS wrote ""Gas is beautiful, I love gas. There are great things coming from all kinds of gas . We are going to explore natural gas and benefit bigly.""Scientists around the world applaud president Trump for his effort to keep moving forward in the realms of Science and Technology."	Fake
Education	North Carolina teacher indoctrinates his students into personal gang.	Barry White Jr. 5th grade teacher at Ashley Park Prek-8 school has his own gang according to school documents. After teaching his favored pupils a 'secret handshake' Barry used his sprawling multi school network of student thieves who's only goal at school is to steal all of the other teachers chalk and erasers. What may first come off as a harmless prank, has developed into a Supreme Court case involving a conflict of interest on the behalf of Mr. White. Barry White Jr. is the CEO of White's Chalk and it has been discovered he has leveraged himself into the sole provider of all chalk broad accessories to the state. Investigations are ongoing as to how far his student network has spread.	Fake
Education	Healthier Cereals Snare a Spot on New York School Menus	The New York City public school system has quietly replaced breakfast cereals made by the Kellogg Company, the titan whose name is virtually synonymous with cereal, with those from a small California upstart called Back to the Roots.	Legit
Education	Students wield guns dressed up like sex toys and University of Texas to support open carry Law at University of Texas	"Hundreds of gun toting students showed up at the University of Texas-Austin this Wednesday to show support for the state's hotly debated conceal carry law that went into effect Wednesday.  The law allows concealed handgun license holders of at least 21 years of age to carry handguns on campus, including to dorms, dining halls, classrooms, or any other university building.  In an unusual twist, the students decided to ""dress up"" their weapons like sex toys.  The reason?  According to Jared Jin, the march organizer, they wanted to show people the absurdity of the liberals by dressing up guns like sex toys.  ""Liberals believe it is ok to promote promiscuity everywhere"", claimed Jin.  ""Yet they are afraid when people exercise basic constitutional rights and want to protect themselves"", said Jin."	Fake
Education	A Tumultuous Beginning	It's been a rocky start for Education Secretary Betsy DeVos but Trump supporters see success. Newly-minted Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos has had a tumultuous start to her tenure in the Trump administration.	Legit
Education	Survey Finds College Applications from International Students Down	Colleges and universities in the U.S. could see a sharp decline in enrollment of international students if initial figures from a survey are an early indicator of what's to come.	Legit
Education	STEM Students Create Winning Invention	STREAMWOOD, Ill. (AP) -- A group of Streamwood High School students have created an invention that is exciting homeowners everywhere - and worrying electricity companies at the same time.  The kids competed in the Samsung Solve for Tomorrow contest, entering and winning with a new solar panel that costs about $100 but can power an entire home - no roof takeover needed!  The contest won the state-level competition which encourages teachers and students to solve real-world issues using science and math skills; the 16 studens will now compete in a national competition and, if successful, could win a prize of up to $200,000.	Fake
Education	Survey: Most Freshmen Are Not Emotionally Prepared for College	High school students spend years taking classes that will help them tackle the rigors of college courses.	Legit
Education	सुप्रीम कोर्ट विकलांग छात्रों के अधिकारों का विस्तार करता है	विकलांग छात्रों के लिए प्रमुख निहितार्थ के साथ एक सर्वसम्मत निर्णय में, अमेरिकी सुप्रीम कोर्ट ने बुधवार को फैसला सुनाया कि स्कूलों को विशेष आवश्यकताओं वाले बच्चों के लिए उच्च शैक्षिक मानक प्रदान करना चाहिए।	Legit
Education	प्रदर्शनकारियों ने डिवोस स्कूल यात्रा को बाधित किया	प्रदर्शनकारियों ने शुक्रवार सुबह नव पुष्टि शिक्षा सचिव बेट्सी डेवोस द्वारा कोलंबिया मध्य विद्यालय के एक जिले में एक यात्रा को विफल करने का प्रयास किया।	Legit
Education	वामपंथी विश्वविद्यालय महिलाओं को उन पुरुषों के मुकाबले सत्ता में लाना चाहते हैं जो अधिक योग्य हैं।	"लैंगिक समानता के भूमंडलीय एजेंडे को सामने लाने के लिए, कुछ पुरुष-प्रधान विज्ञान, प्रौद्योगिकी, इंजीनियरिंग और लिंग में जकड़न को कम करने के लिए महिलाओं को अपने अधिक योग्य पुरुष समकक्षों के पदों पर बैठाए जाने की वकालत करने वाली दूर की झुकाव वाली विश्वविद्यालयों को महिलाओं के लिए छोड़ दिया गया है। गणित के क्षेत्र। जॉर्ज सोरोस ने अध्ययन के लिए वित्त पोषित किया, ""कुछ एसटीईएम क्षेत्र अन्य लोगों की तुलना में अधिक संतुलित क्यों हैं?"" पुरुष वर्चस्व वाले क्षेत्रों के लिए एसटीईएम लिंग अंतराल पर पिछले कामों पर आकर्षित करता है।"	Fake
Education	टेक्सास के विश्वविद्यालय में सेक्स टॉय-फील्डिंग के छात्र प्रोटेस्ट गन लॉ	लोन स्टार राज्य भर के परिसरों में बुधवार को प्रभावी रूप से चर्चित होने वाले छुप-छुपाने वाले कानून के विरोध में छात्रों ने टेक्सास-ऑस्टिन विश्वविद्यालय में हजारों सेक्स टॉयज को उतारा।	Legit
Education	अध्ययन: समावेशी पर्यावरण कुंजी समापन STAP गैप के लिए	साइकोलॉजिकल बुलेटिन के अक्टूबर अंक में प्रकाशित एक अध्ययन के अनुसार, कुछ पुरुष-प्रधान विज्ञान, प्रौद्योगिकी, इंजीनियरिंग और गणित के क्षेत्रों में लैंगिक अंतर को कसने के लिए शिक्षकों को अधिक आमंत्रित संस्कृति विकसित करनी चाहिए।	Legit
Education	एक आकर्षक अलमारी की खराबी	"शिक्षा सचिव बेट्सी डेवोस को थोड़ी परेशानी हुई जब उसे सीनेट द्वारा पुष्टि की गई। सुनवाई के दौरान उसने अपने कार्यकाल और शिक्षा के बारे में उन्नत अनुभव की बात की, लेकिन एक बात भूल गई, जो कि उसके ब्लाउज को पूरे तरीके से बटन करना था। शिक्षा विभाग को चलाने की उसकी क्षमता को सरल विवरणों की कमी के कारण समर्थित नहीं माना जाता है। उपराष्ट्रपति माइक पेंस उनकी पुष्टि के दौरान उनके साथ गति करने और दुनिया में बच्चों के प्रति उनके ""दिल"" को उजागर करने के बजाय उन्हें संकेत देने के लिए पर्याप्त थे।"	Fake
Education	द टीचर शॉर्टेज क्राइसिस इज हियर	चूंकि छात्रों ने इस साल फ्लोरिडा के टाम्पा और उसके आसपास स्कूल जाना शुरू किया, हजारों शिक्षक पदों को अभी तक नहीं भरा गया था। इसने एक वर्ष के बाद देश के चारों ओर खाली स्लॉट भरने में मदद करने के लिए हजारों शिक्षकों को आपातकाल या अस्थायी साख पर काम पर रखा था - उनमें से अकेले ओक्लाहोमा में 900 थे। और एरिज़ोना में, जो देश में उच्चतम शिक्षक टर्नओवर दरों में से एक है, स्कूल जिले नियमित रूप से स्कूल वर्ष में तीन महीने के लिए शिक्षण पदों को पूरा करने की रिपोर्ट करते हैं।	Legit
Education	"फोरेंसिक नृविज्ञान के क्षेत्र में लिंग एक ""गर्म विषय"" है। गर्ल्स हू कोड क्लब इस विषय को और अधिक लैंगिक पक्षपातपूर्ण बनाने के लिए काम कर रहा है। ऐसा माना जाता है कि एडम पृथ्वी पर पहला आदमी था और ईव पहली महिला थी। यदि आप चाहें तो क्लब अंडे से पहले आया चिकन साबित करना चाहता है। समूह समय में वापस लिंक करने के प्रयास में कई मिलियन आनुवंशिक कोड से डेटा एकत्र कर रहा है और यह साबित करता है कि ईव पृथ्वी पर न केवल पहली महिला थी, बल्कि वह एडम की मां भी थी।"	एरिज़ोना में हाल ही में हुए मलबे के बाद उबर टेक्नोलॉजीज इंक की सेल्फ-ड्राइविंग कारों को स्टैंडबाय पर रखा गया था। सोमवार को कार्यक्रम केवल सैन फ्रांसिस्को में बहुत खराब आपदा का कारण बनने के लिए ऑनलाइन वापस आ गया था। एक प्रवक्ता के अनुसार उबेर टेक ने सैन फ्रैंच में परीक्षण फिर से शुरू किया और टेम्पे, एरिजोना और पिट्सबर्ग में फिर से शुरू करने की योजना बनाई। उबेर के स्वयं ड्राइविंग वाहनों में से एक सोमवार को दुर्घटना में गंभीर रूप से दुर्घटनाग्रस्त तीन लोगों में शामिल था। यह निश्चित रूप से पिछले दुर्घटना की तुलना में उबर के सेल्फ ड्राइविंग कार कार्यक्रम के लिए एक बड़ी हिट है। हिट में कार एक सेडान थी जो एक दुर्घटना में टी-बोनड थी क्योंकि उबेर एक चौराहे में लाल बत्ती के माध्यम से उड़ गया। उबर सेल्फ ड्राइविंग कारों के विभिन्न ड्राइविंग कानूनों को तोड़ने, दूसरों में दुर्घटनाग्रस्त होने और संभवतः अन्य ड्राइवरों और यात्रियों को संभवतः घायल करने की कई रिपोर्टें सामने आई हैं।	Fake
Education	एक्सचेंज के छात्रों का कहना है कि अमेरिकी उच्च विद्यालय सभी खेलों में आसान और पहेली हैं	अमेरिका के उच्च विद्यालयों को कठिन बनाने के रास्ते में एक मजेदार बात हुई: शेष औद्योगिक दुनिया ने उनके लिए और भी कठिन बना दिया।	Legit
Education	पूर्व अमेरिकी अटॉर्नी और पूर्व बिल क्लिंटन मालकिन बारबरा मैकक्वाडे मिशिगन में कानून सिखाएंगी	"राष्ट्रपति बिल क्लिंटन और अमेरिका के अटॉर्नी बारबरा मैकक्वाडे की पूर्व मालकिन यूनिवर्सिटी ऑफ मिशिगन लॉ स्कूल में पढ़ाएंगी। स्कूल ने कहा कि मैकक्वाडे बारबरा मैकक्वाडे के अनुसार एक उदार झुकाव के साथ आपराधिक कानून, आपराधिक प्रक्रिया और राष्ट्रीय सुरक्षा कानून सिखाएंगे। उन्होंने मिशिगन से स्नातक और कानून की डिग्री ली है। मैकक्वाडे कहते हैं कि आज के उदार छात्रों को कानूनी प्रणाली की गहरी समझ विकसित करने में मदद करना ""कभी भी अधिक महत्वपूर्ण नहीं रहा है।"" वह सहायक अमेरिकी अटॉर्नी के रूप में 12 साल बाद सात साल के लिए पूर्वी मिशिगन में मुख्य संघीय अभियोजक थीं। ट्रम्प प्रशासन ने पिछले सप्ताह राष्ट्रपति बराक ओबामा द्वारा नियुक्त अमेरिकी वकीलों को पद छोड़ने के लिए कहा था।"	Fake
Education	प्रशासन संघीय बाल देखभाल कार्यक्रम के लिए नए नियम निर्धारित करता है	ओबामा प्रशासन ने संघीय बाल देखभाल सब्सिडी कार्यक्रम के लिए शुक्रवार को नए मानक और गुणवत्ता नियंत्रण उपाय निर्धारित किए, जिससे राज्यों को शिक्षकों पर आपराधिक पृष्ठभूमि की जांच करने और बाल देखभाल केंद्रों में वार्षिक अघोषित निरीक्षण करने की आवश्यकता हुई।	Legit
Education	ट्रोन कॉलिंग कैनेडियन कम ऊर्जा कायरों के कारण टोरोना कैंसेल्स यूएस क्लास ट्रिप्स।	"कनाडा के सबसे बड़े स्कूल बोर्ड ने राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प की हालिया रैलियों में से एक पर की गई टिप्पणियों पर चिंताओं के कारण संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका के सभी भविष्य के क्षेत्र के दौरे पर रोक लगा दी है, जहां ट्रम्प को यह कहते हुए उद्धृत किया गया था ""मैं आपको पूरी ईमानदारी से बताता हूं कि कनाडाई एक गुच्छा से ज्यादा कुछ नहीं हैं। कम ऊर्जा वाले कायर। "" कैलिफ़ोर्निया में एक लड़कियों का कोरस उसी कारण से एक विदेशी यात्रा पर जाने के लिए नवीनतम अमेरिकी संस्थान बन गया। टोरंटो डिस्ट्रिक्ट स्कूल बोर्ड ने गुरुवार को प्रिंसिपलों को लिखे पत्र में कहा कि छात्रों की सुरक्षा की रक्षा करने और समानता और समुदाय के मूल्यों के प्रति सच्चे रहने के लिए चिंताओं को हवा देने के लिए एक रात पहले आयोजित बैठक के दौरान सर्वसम्मति से पारित करने का विकल्प बनाना था। कनाडा के लोगों को डर है कि ट्रम्प की टिप्पणी दोनों देशों के बीच भविष्य के संबंधों को प्रभावित कर सकती है।"	Fake
Education	इंटरनैशनल स्टूडेंट्स की ओर से सर्वे में ओवरलेमिंग कॉलेज एप्लिकेशन को दिखाया गया है	हाल ही में 2017 के एक अध्ययन के अनुसार, देश भर के कॉलेजों में अंतरराष्ट्रीय कॉलेज अनुप्रयोगों में वृद्धि हुई है। लगभग 70 प्रतिशत अमेरिकी कॉलेजों और विश्वविद्यालयों ने बताया है कि पिछले 2 वर्षों में कम से कम 1% अंतरराष्ट्रीय अनुप्रयोगों में वृद्धि हुई है। विशेष रूप से, संस्थानों ने पूर्वी एशियाई देशों से इन आवेदनों को देखा है, और सर्वेक्षणों से संकेत मिलता है कि संख्या केवल अगले 20 से 30 वर्षों तक बढ़ने वाली है।	Fake
Education	नस्लीय पूर्वाग्रह अध्ययन नस्लीय व्यवहार के साथ बुरा व्यवहार दिखाता है	नस्लीय पूर्वाग्रह नस्लीय समूहों के व्यवहार को देखने वाले लोगों का उत्पाद है। नस्लीय समूहों का व्यवहार कम उम्र में ध्यान देने योग्य तरीके से भटकने लगता है। प्रीस्कूलर के रूप में छोटे बच्चों में भी व्यवहार नस्लीय व्यवहार अंतर होता है जिसे पेशेवर शिक्षकों द्वारा माना जा सकता है, एक अध्ययन से पता चलता है। इस विशेष अध्ययन में, 100 से अधिक शिक्षकों को बच्चों को बातचीत करते हुए देखने और उनके दुर्व्यवहार को इंगित करने के लिए कहा गया था। शिक्षकों ने लगातार काले और सफेद बच्चों के बीच सांख्यिकीय रूप से महत्वपूर्ण व्यवहार मतभेदों को देखा।	Fake
Education	स्कूल सुबह बहुत देर से शुरू होता है, राज्य के कानूनविद् कहते हैं	"अगर सीनेटर एंथनी पोर्टेंटिनो को अपना रास्ता मिल जाता है, तो कैलिफोर्निया राष्ट्र का पहला राज्य होगा जो यह सुनिश्चित करेगा कि बच्चे अच्छी रात की नींद त्याग कर स्कूल जा सकें। इस हफ्ते उन्होंने एक बिल पेश किया जिसमें कैलिफोर्निया स्कूल जिलों को प्राथमिक स्कूल की कक्षाएं शुरू करने की आवश्यकता होगी, जो कि सुबह 7:00 बजे के बाद ""इन छोटे बच्चों को बसों पर और सुबह स्कूल जाने की जरूरत है,"" पोर्टेंटिनो कहते हैं। ""उनके पास पिछले वर्ष में एकत्र किए गए डेटा से दिखाए गए अविश्वसनीय मात्रा में ऊर्जा है। उन्हें प्राप्त करना और इसे उनकी शिक्षा और स्वास्थ्य में सुधार करना, साथ ही साथ उनके माता-पिता के जीवन की गुणवत्ता में सुधार करना ताकि वे अपने अकेले से अधिक समय प्राप्त कर सकें।"" ऊर्जावान बच्चे, जो अपनी कार्य दर में भी सुधार करते हैं।"	Fake
Education	ग्रामीण क्षेत्रों के स्कूल 4-सप्ताह के सप्ताह में स्थानांतरित होते हैं	एक बार के लिए, दोनों शिक्षक और उनके छात्र इस बात से सहमत हैं कि कम स्कूल एक अच्छी बात है। या कम से कम लगातार स्कूल।	Legit
Education	ट्रम्प का उपयोग उनका बड़ा दिमाग है	"द्विदलीय अनुमोदन के साथ सीनेट ने शिक्षा सचिव के लिए बेट्सी डेवोस को मंजूरी दी। राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प ने इस तर्क का इस्तेमाल किया कि उनके ""बिग ब्रेन"" ने उन्हें यह फैसला करने में मदद की कि कौन पद के लिए सबसे अच्छा नामांकित व्यक्ति था। बिग ब्रेन अब एक वैकल्पिक व्यक्तित्व और सह-अध्यक्ष के रूप में प्रतिष्ठित किया जा रहा है। द्विदलीय समर्थन ने राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प को अपनी बीबी (बिग ब्रेन) के बारे में हाल के दिनों में और अधिक खुलकर बात करने के लिए प्रोत्साहित किया है। समर्थक और गैर-सहयोगी समान रूप से अपने सिर में आवाज़ों का अनुभव करने या तीसरे व्यक्ति में खुद का जिक्र करने से संबंधित हैं और यह मानसिक स्वास्थ्य जैसे मुद्दों पर रिपब्लिकन और डेमोक्रेट्स को एक साथ ला रहा है।"	Fake
Education	हिलेरी क्लिंटन: वेलेस्ले कॉलेज में मुख्य वक्ता	डेमोक्रेटिक प्रेसिडेंशियल कैंडिडेट हिलेरी क्लिंटन अपने होम कॉलेज, वेलेस्ली में शुरुआती भाषण प्रदान करेंगी। पूर्व प्रथम महिला ने कामुकता और सेक्स इतिहास में दोहरी डिग्री के साथ छोटे सभी गर्ल्स कॉलेज से स्नातक किया। उसने स्कूल में अपने समय की टिप्पणी की है, जिसमें उसके मन और शरीर दोनों का पता लगाने की क्षमता शामिल है। यह तीसरी बार होगा जब वेलेस्ले कॉलेज पूर्व राज्य सचिव की मेजबानी करेगा।	Fake
Education	कैसे कंपनियां और कॉलेज काम पर वापस आ सकते हैं	"पिछले शुक्रवार को, श्रम विभाग ने घोषणा की कि अमेरिकी अर्थव्यवस्था ने लगातार 76 महीनों तक नौकरी हासिल की है। फिर भी, यूएस चैंबर ऑफ कॉमर्स की रिपोर्ट है कि 5.6 मिलियन नौकरियां एक ""खतरनाक कौशल"" के कारण पूरी नहीं हुईं - या नियोक्ताओं की जरूरतों और श्रमिकों की क्षमताओं के बीच बेमेल हैं। बिजनेस राउंडटेबल सर्वे में, 45 प्रतिशत सी-सूट के अधिकारियों का कहना है कि तथाकथित एसटीईएम क्षेत्रों में काम पर रखना मुश्किल है, जिन्हें विज्ञान, प्रौद्योगिकी, इंजीनियरिंग और गणित में विशेषज्ञता की आवश्यकता है।"	Legit
Education	वैज्ञानिकों ने ट्रम्प बजट के अनुसंधान में कटौती पर रोक लगाई	"राष्ट्रपति बनने से पहले, डोनाल्ड जे। ट्रम्प ने जलवायु परिवर्तन को एक धोखा कहा, टीके की सुरक्षा पर सवाल उठाया और अक्षय वृक्षों को ""पेड़-शिकारी"" के रूप में दिखाया।"	Legit
Education	5-वर्षीय जीत ओक्लाहोमा की वर्तनी मधुमक्खी, नागरिकों के लिए शीर्षक	TULSA, ओक्ला। - 5 साल की एक लड़की ओक्लाहोमा में एक क्षेत्रीय प्रतियोगिता की सबसे कम उम्र की विजेता बनने के बाद स्क्रिप्स नेशनल स्पेलिंग बी के लिए बाध्य है।	Legit
Education	इमीग्रेशन कॉन्ट्रोवर्सी ड्राइव अप कॉलेज कॉस्ट हो सकती है	सात मुख्य रूप से मुस्लिम देशों के लोगों द्वारा यात्रा को प्रतिबंधित करने के राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प के कार्यकारी आदेश के बाद सेंट्रल मिसौरी विश्वविद्यालय अपने मुस्लिम छात्रों के लिए समर्थन व्यक्त करने के लिए कई उच्च-शिक्षा संस्थानों में से एक है।	Legit
Education	अमेरिका के विवादास्पद यात्रा प्रतिबंध के समर्थन के लिए न्यूयॉर्क सिटी पब्लिक स्कूल प्रणाली ने केलॉग कंपनी का सार्वजनिक रूप से खंडन किया है। इसके बजाय स्कूल प्रणाली ने क्षेत्र के अवैध प्रवासियों से कई प्रस्तुतियाँ लीं और एक छात्र ने सांस्कृतिक और जातीय रूप से सामंजस्यपूर्ण माना जाने वाला मेनू तय करने के लिए स्वाद परीक्षण किया। छात्र अब नाश्ते के लिए मोटे कैनेडियन सिरप के साथ-साथ दुनिया भर के अन्य पारंपरिक खाद्य पदार्थों का भी चयन कर सकते हैं। इस कार्यक्रम को अब तक सामाजिक न्याय योद्धा समुदाय के साथ-साथ इस अत्यधिक उदार क्षेत्र के माता-पिता से उच्च प्रशंसा मिली है। उम्मीद है कि 2018 के अंत तक पूर्वोत्तर के सभी स्कूलों में इस तरह की पारी होगी।	"""प्रसिद्ध बास्केटबॉल किंवदंती माइकल जॉर्डन ने एबे की लाइव नीलामी में बेची गई बास्केटबॉल को शुक्रवार को 5 मिलियन से अधिक के लिए बेच दिया, जो सोथबी के नीलामी के दौरान खेल यादगार के लिए उच्चतम बिक्री मूल्य के लिए एक रिकॉर्ड स्थापित करता है। नीलामी घर ने अनुमान लगाया था कि"" माइकल जॉर्डन के हस्ताक्षरित बास्केटबॉल। ""एबे की लाइव नीलामी पर आधे से भी कम 5,500,000 लाएंगे। इसकी शुरुआत यहां हुई थी। खेल संस्मरण विभाग के लिए सोथबी के उपाध्यक्ष सेलबी किफ़र ने कहा। न्यू इंग्लैंड इंग्लैंड YMCA में काम करने वाले एक कनाडाई शारीरिक शिक्षा प्रशिक्षक नाइस्मिथ ने बास्केट बॉल का खेल बनाया। ""इसलिए छात्र सर्दियों में घर के अंदर खेल खेल सकते हैं। वाईएमसीए के आंदोलन ने इसे अंतरराष्ट्रीय स्तर पर पेश किए जाने के बाद नाइस्मिथ को पता नहीं था कि उनका आविष्कार इतनी तेजी से होगा। """	Fake
Education	ओबामा प्रशासन हाई स्कूल में प्रवेश करने वाले बच्चों के लिए नया नियम निर्धारित करता है	ओबामा प्रशासन ने पिछले सप्ताह एक प्रस्ताव पेश किया, जिसमें सभी आने वाले नए लोगों को कक्षाओं में जाने से पहले पृष्ठभूमि की जाँच से गुजरना होगा। यह हिंसा और स्कूल की बदमाशी को रोकने की कोशिश में है जो हमारे स्कूलों की दुर्दशा कर रही है। जो छात्र इन पृष्ठभूमि की जाँच में विफल रहते हैं, उन्हें वैकल्पिक स्कूलों में भाग लेने की आवश्यकता होगी। अगले सप्ताह की शुरुआत में विधेयक को कांग्रेस के समक्ष ले जाया जाएगा और यदि अनुमोदित हो तो इसे तुरंत लागू किया जाएगा।	Fake
Education	आप्रवासन पर ट्रम्प के खिलाफ विश्वविद्यालय पुश बैक	कॉलेज और विश्वविद्यालय राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प के आव्रजन-सीमित कार्यकारी आदेश के खिलाफ जोर दे रहे हैं, छात्रों और संकायों की रक्षा करने का वादा करते हुए भी वे पूरी तरह से संघर्ष करने के लिए संघर्ष करते हैं कि सात सदस्यों वाले मुस्लिम देशों से विशेष रूप से लागू होने वाले सामुदायिक सदस्यों के लिए आदेश का क्या मतलब है।	Legit
Education	यूएस स्कूल ईज़ी, स्पोर्ट्स से भरा, कहते हैं कि छात्रों का आदान-प्रदान होता है	जबकि कई लोगों का मानना है कि अमेरिकी शिक्षा मानक हाल ही में अधिक चुनौतीपूर्ण और कठोर हो गए हैं, ऐसा विदेशी मुद्रा छात्रों का कहना नहीं है। विदेशी छात्रों ने जो यूएस में अध्ययन किया है, ध्यान दें कि खेल अत्यधिक प्रचुर मात्रा में हैं, फुटबॉल सही तरीके से नहीं खेला जाता है, और कक्षाएं एक मजाक है। विदेशी छात्र टिप्पणी करते हैं कि अमेरिकी छात्र कक्षा में बहुत कम ध्यान देते हैं, और कम प्रयासों के साथ अपने ग्रेड को पार करना आसान था, फिर उन्होंने अपने मूल देशों में उपयोग किया। भाषा अंतराल वाले विदेशी छात्रों ने भी अमेरिकी स्कूलों को आसान पाया।	Fake
Education	शिक्षक स्कूलहाउस में आव्रजन एजेंटों के लिए तैयार करते हैं	जनवरी में, न्यूयॉर्क शहर के स्कूलों के चांसलर, कारमेन फ़रिया ने छात्रों के परिवारों को एक पत्र घर भेजा, जिसमें उन्हें आश्वस्त किया गया कि शहर उनके आव्रजन की स्थिति का रिकॉर्ड नहीं रख रहा है और आव्रजन एजेंट स्कूलों को अनफिट नहीं करेंगे।	Legit
Education	1 घंटे के दिनों में चल रहे स्कूल	शिक्षक खुश होंगे, लेकिन माता-पिता नई 1 घंटे प्रति दिन की शिफ्ट के साथ नहीं होंगे। शिक्षकों और एडकिंस ने सीखा कि छात्र केवल इतना ही सीख सकते हैं और शेष उन्हें अपने माता-पिता के साथ घर पर रहते हुए सीखना चाहिए। दूसरी वजह लागत कम होना है और इससे काफी पैसा बचता है। घंटे के दौरान यह एक्शन पैक्ड होगा और बच्चों के साथ अपने माता-पिता के साथ बॉन्डिंग के समय का आनंद लेने के लिए एक दोपहर का भोजन घर भेजा जाएगा।	Fake
Education	यहां तक कि प्रीस्कूलर्स फेस नस्लीय बायस, स्टडी फाइनल भी	येल चाइल्ड स्टडी सेंटर से आज जारी एक अध्ययन के अनुसार, काले छात्रों के खिलाफ नस्लीय पूर्वाग्रह उनकी किशोरावस्था से बहुत पहले शुरू हो जाता है - यह पूर्वस्कूली में शुरू होता है।	Legit
Education	6 वर्षीय ला-एरिया स्कूल में बंदूक मिली; परिवारों को अंधेरे में रखा	RANCHO CUCAMONGA, कैलिफ़ोर्निया। - अधिकारियों ने 6 साल की उम्र में लॉस एंजिल्स के बाहर एक प्राथमिक विद्यालय में एक बंदूक लाने की सीख दी, लेकिन अन्य छात्रों के माता-पिता ने लगभग दो सप्ताह तक इसके बारे में नहीं सीखा।	Legit
Education	पोषण बच्चों के स्कूल के प्रदर्शन को कैसे प्रभावित करता है?	जैसा कि राजनेताओं ने राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प के प्रस्तावित बजट में खर्च और कटौती पर बहस की है, बच्चों के लिए पोषण कार्यक्रमों के प्रभावों के बारे में सवाल किए गए हैं।	Legit
Education	'टी विदाउट विमेन'	"पिछले साल के 'डे विदाउट मेन' फैसको और कोयला खनन, स्वच्छता, और कानून प्रवर्तन क्षेत्रों में हुई परेशानी के बाद, उत्तरी कैरोलिना और वर्जीनिया के शिक्षकों ने इस साल शिक्षा के क्षेत्र में हो रही इसी समस्या से बचने के लिए एक योजना बनाई है। स्कूल बसें पश्चिम से ट्रांस-जेंडर और क्रॉस-ड्रेसिंग पुरुष शिक्षकों को उन पदों को भरने के लिए ले जा रही हैं जिन्हें महिलाओं के वॉकआउट के दौरान खाली किया जाएगा। ""यह एक निर्णय नहीं है जो हल्के ढंग से किया गया था,"" स्कूल अधीक्षक, एल्विन एल क्रॉले ने कहा। ""नैतिक रुख या स्थिति के आधार पर नहीं, हमें सिर्फ इन बच्चों को शिक्षित करने की आवश्यकता है।"""	Fake
Education	छात्रों को 4-एच राष्ट्रीय युवा विज्ञान दिवस के लिए अत्याधुनिक ड्रोन के साथ प्रयोग	"पूरे अमेरिका में 100,000 से अधिक K-12 छात्र 4-एच राष्ट्रीय युवा विज्ञान दिवस ""ड्रोन डिस्कवरी चैलेंज"" में कला ड्रोन के नए राज्य के साथ प्रयोग कर रहे हैं। छोटे छात्रों ने आज बाजार में कुछ सबसे उन्नत ड्रोन के साथ समय पर कुछ हाथों सहित नई ड्रोन प्रौद्योगिकियों के संचालन को सीखने के लिए छोटे समूहों में काम किया। मानवरहित उड़ान में उपयोग किए जाने वाले रिमोट सेंसरों के लिए उच्च विद्यालय में गहराई से अधिक कोडिंग हुई। वे एक वास्तविक लाइव ड्रोन पर परीक्षण करने में सक्षम होने से पहले रिमोट सेंसर पर अपने कोडिंग कौशल का परीक्षण करने के लिए मिल गए। केवल सर्वश्रेष्ठ कोडिंग कौशल वाले छात्रों को हवाई क्षेत्र में अपनी कृतियों का परीक्षण करने के लिए मिला।"	Fake
Education	छात्रों को 4-एच राष्ट्रीय युवा विज्ञान दिवस के लिए ड्रोन के साथ प्रयोग	"देश भर में 100,000 के -12 से अधिक छात्रों ने बुधवार को 4-एच राष्ट्रीय युवा विज्ञान दिवस ""ड्रोन डिस्कवरी चैलेंज"" में इंजीनियरिंग, कोडिंग और डिजाइन के साथ प्रयोग किया।"	Legit
Education	टोरंटो कैंसेल्स ट्रम्प ट्रैवल बैन कंसर्न के कारण यूएस क्लास ट्रिप्स	कनाडा के सबसे बड़े स्कूल बोर्ड ने संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका के सभी भविष्य के क्षेत्र के दौरे को इस चिंता के कारण रोक दिया है कि कुछ छात्र राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प की यात्रा प्रतिबंध में फंस सकते हैं। और कैलिफोर्निया में एक लड़कियों के कोरस सिर्फ एक ही कारण के लिए एक विदेशी यात्रा को खोदने के लिए नवीनतम अमेरिकी संस्थान बन गया।	Legit
Education	इस शिक्षक ने अपने छात्रों के सभी 40 के लिए व्यक्तिगत रूप से हैंडशेक किए हैं	शेर्लोट में एक 5 वीं कक्षा के शिक्षक, उत्तरी कैरोलिना को पता है कि शिक्षा जरूरी नहीं है कि वह अपने छात्रों को कक्षा के लिए उत्साहित कर सके। इसलिए वह इसके बजाय व्यक्तिगत हैंडशेक का उपयोग कर रहा है।	Legit
Education	शिक्षा के लिए ट्रम्प की पिक असामान्य रूप से कठोर प्रतिरोध का सामना कर सकती है	शिक्षा विभाग के सचिवों के नामों को आमतौर पर सीनेट द्वारा द्विदलीय अनुमोदन के साथ पुष्टि के माध्यम से देखा जाता है।	Legit
Education	Google शिक्षा के अंतर को बंद करने के लिए भविष्य के धन को रद्द करता है।	बुनियादी गणित और पढ़ने के कौशल के बिना दुनिया भर में अनुमानित 130 मिलियन छात्र हैं। आज तक, नौ अनुदानियों को इस अशिक्षा का मुकाबला करने में मदद करने के लिए Google.org, Google के परोपकारी हाथ से अनुदान में 50 मिलियन का एक हिस्सा दिया गया है। Google ने इस कार्रवाई को करने के लिए कोई स्पष्टीकरण नहीं दिया है, जिससे कई विकासशील देशों ने तकनीक आधारित शिक्षण उपकरणों का उपयोग अंधेरे में करने का प्रयास किया है। जानकारी की कमी के कारण, जिन संगठनों को अनुदान मिला है, वे अनिश्चित हैं कि क्या वे कभी पैसा देखेंगे। Google ने टिप्पणी के अनुरोधों का तुरंत जवाब नहीं दिया।	Fake
Education	बहुराष्ट्रीय कंपनियां विभिन्न देशों में रोजगार के अवसरों को प्राप्त करने के लिए तैयार हैं	द लर्निंग पॉलिसी इंस्टीट्यूट ने हाल ही में रिपोर्ट किया है कि फ्लोरिडा, ओक्लाहोमा और एरिज़ोना सहित कई राज्यों के अधिकारियों ने अवैध प्रवासियों के साथ शिक्षण पदों को भरने के लिए सहारा लिया है। संस्थान के अनुसार, शिक्षकों की एक गहन और व्यापक कमी ने कई सामान्य आवश्यकताओं की अनदेखी करने के लिए स्कूल जिलों का नेतृत्व किया है और श्रमिकों के साथ रिक्तियों को भरना शुरू कर दिया है, जो कई मामलों में पृष्ठभूमि की जांच के अधीन भी नहीं हो सकते हैं क्योंकि सिस्टम नहीं करता है विदेशों में किए गए अपराधों को उठाएं।	Fake
Education	राजनेताओं के अनुसार, बच्चों के स्कूल के प्रदर्शन पर पोषण का कोई प्रभाव नहीं है	राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प के प्रस्तावित बजट को कल जारी किया गया था, जिसमें मेक्सिको के साथ अमेरिकी सीमा पर दीवार बनाने की लागत को ऑफसेट करने के प्रयास में प्रायोजित कार्यक्रमों में कई कटौती की गई थी। जबकि स्कूल-भोजन के कई कार्यक्रम दशकों पुराने हैं, एक अध्ययन में पाया गया है कि जिन छात्रों ने अपने साथियों के रूप में एक ही या बेहतर स्तर पर प्रदर्शन किए गए स्कूल-प्रदान किए गए भोजन को छोड़ दिया है, उन कार्यक्रमों का दृढ़ता से सुझाव देना पहले के विचार से अधिक निरर्थक है।	Fake
Education	स्कूल जिम कक्षाओं को बेहतर बनाने के लिए प्रौद्योगिकी का उपयोग करते हैं	पार्कर मिडिल स्कूल में शारीरिक शिक्षा शिक्षक अपने छात्रों से थोड़ी अतिरिक्त हलचल देख रहे हैं।	Legit
Education	कोलम्बिया विश्वविद्यालय एक स्टीव हार्वे को काटता है।	"जब कोलम्बिया विश्वविद्यालय मेलमैन स्कूल के एक आवेदक को एक ईमेल मिला, जिसमें कहा गया था कि ""उसका स्वागत करते हुए खुशी हुई"" तो उसे यकीन नहीं हुआ। ""मैं बहुत उत्साहित था, मुझे ऐसा लग रहा था कि मैं सभी उत्तेजना से बेहोश हो रहा था। मुझे नहीं पता था कि मुझे रोना चाहिए या खुशी की चीख चाहिए""। उसका पल कुछ ही मिनटों का रहा, क्योंकि उसे एक और ईमेल मिला, जिसमें बताया गया था कि उसकी स्वीकृति गलती से हो गई थी। ""यह उस पल की यादें बताती है जिसमें उद्घोषक स्टीव हार्वे ने 2015 में गलत मिस यूनिवर्स का ताज पहनाया था, मुझे विश्वास नहीं हो रहा था कि यह मेरे साथ हुआ है"", उन्होंने कहा। वह अकेली नहीं थी क्योंकि 276 अन्य भावी छात्रों को वही ""गलत"" ईमेल मिला। विश्वविद्यालय ने कहा कि ऐसा अक्सर नहीं होता है और वे इसे भविष्य में होने से रोकने के लिए ईमेल की गलती पर गौर करेंगे।"	Fake
Education	राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प ने वर्षा वन के लिए इसे बारिश बना रहे हैं	"पर्यावरण के सबसे अच्छे दोस्त ने एक बार फिर से अपने शब्द को सच कर दिया है और रेन फॉरेस्ट के संरक्षण के लिए 12 बिलियन डॉलर से अधिक की सीमा तय कर रहा है। ट्रम्प ने यह भी खुलासा किया कि प्राकृतिक गैस जमा और उनसे संबंधित तकनीकों का पता लगाने के लिए DoE के विज्ञान कार्यालय को एक अज्ञात राशि प्राप्त होगी। पोट्स ने आज एक ट्वीट में लिखा, ""गैस सुंदर है, मुझे गैस से प्यार है। सभी प्रकार की गैस से महान चीजें आ रही हैं। हम प्राकृतिक गैस का पता लगाने जा रहे हैं और इससे बड़े पैमाने पर लाभ हो रहा है।"" विज्ञान और प्रौद्योगिकी के क्षेत्र में आगे बढ़ते रहें।"	Fake
Education	उत्तरी कैरोलिना शिक्षक अपने छात्रों को व्यक्तिगत गिरोह में शामिल करता है।	एशले पार्क Pre-8 स्कूल में 5 वीं कक्षा के शिक्षक बैरी व्हाइट जूनियर का स्कूल दस्तावेजों के अनुसार अपना गिरोह है। अपने इष्ट विद्यार्थियों को 'गुप्त हैंडशेक' सिखाने के बाद, बैरी ने छात्र चोरों के अपने बहु-विद्यालय नेटवर्क का इस्तेमाल किया, जो स्कूल में एकमात्र लक्ष्य है, अन्य सभी शिक्षकों को चाक और मिटा देना। एक हानिरहित शरारत के रूप में सबसे पहले क्या हो सकता है, श्री व्हाइट की ओर से हितों के टकराव से जुड़े एक सुप्रीम कोर्ट के मामले में विकसित हुआ है। बैरी व्हाइट जूनियर व्हाइट के चाक के सीईओ हैं और यह पता चला है कि उन्होंने खुद को राज्य के सभी चाक ब्रॉड एक्सेसरीज़ के एकमात्र प्रदाता में बदल दिया है। इस बात की जांच चल रही है कि उसका छात्र नेटवर्क कहां तक फैला है।	Fake
Education	न्यू यॉर्क स्कूल मेंस पर एक जगह स्वास्थ्यकर्मी अनाज छीनते हैं	न्यूयॉर्क सिटी पब्लिक स्कूल प्रणाली ने केलॉग कंपनी द्वारा बनाए गए नाश्ते के अनाज को चुपचाप बदल दिया है, जिसका नाम वस्तुतः अनाज का पर्याय है, उन लोगों के साथ जो एक छोटे से कैलिफोर्निया अपस्टार्ट से बैक टू द रूट्स कहलाते हैं।	Legit
Education	छात्रों ने बंदूकों के कपड़े पहने जैसे कि सेक्स टॉयज और यूनिवर्सिटी ऑफ टेक्सास में खुले कैरी लॉ का समर्थन करने के लिए यूनिवर्सिटी ऑफ टेक्सास	"टेक्सास के यूनिवर्सिटी ऑफ ऑस्टिन में बुधवार को सैकड़ों बंदूकधारियों ने छात्रों को राज्य के हॉटली कंबाइंड कंफर्ट कैरी कानून के लिए समर्थन दिखाने के लिए दिखाया। यह कानून कम से कम 21 वर्ष की आयु के हस्तनिर्मित लाइसेंस धारकों को कैंपस में डॉग्स, डाइनिंग हॉल, क्लासरूम, या किसी अन्य विश्वविद्यालय भवन में हैंडगन ले जाने की अनुमति देता है। एक असामान्य मोड़ में, छात्रों ने सेक्स खिलौने की तरह अपने हथियारों को ""तैयार"" करने का फैसला किया। कारण? मार्च के आयोजक जारेड जिन के अनुसार, वे लोगों को सेक्स टॉयज के लिए बंदूक़ें पहनाकर उदारवादियों की बेरुखी दिखाना चाहते थे। ""उदारवादियों का मानना है कि हर जगह संकीर्णता को बढ़ावा देना ठीक है"", जिन ने दावा किया। ""फिर भी वे डरते हैं जब लोग बुनियादी संवैधानिक अधिकारों का उपयोग करते हैं और खुद की रक्षा करना चाहते हैं"", जिन ने कहा।"	Fake
Education	एक प्रारंभिक शुरुआत	यह शिक्षा सचिव बेट्सी डेवोस के लिए एक चट्टानी शुरुआत है, लेकिन ट्रम्प समर्थकों को सफलता मिलती है। शिक्षा के नए-नवेले सचिव बेट्सी डेवोस ने ट्रम्प प्रशासन में अपने कार्यकाल की शुरुआत की है।	Legit
Education	सर्वेक्षण अंतरराष्ट्रीय छात्रों से कॉलेज आवेदन पाता है	अमेरिका में कॉलेजों और विश्वविद्यालयों में अंतरराष्ट्रीय छात्रों के नामांकन में भारी गिरावट देखी जा सकती है अगर एक सर्वेक्षण के शुरुआती आंकड़े आने वाले समय के शुरुआती संकेतक हैं।	Legit
Education	STEM स्टूडेंट्स विनिंग इन्वेंशन बनाएं	STREAMWOOD, बीमार। (एपी) - स्ट्रीमवुड हाई स्कूल के छात्रों के एक समूह ने एक आविष्कार किया है जो हर जगह रोमांचक घर का मालिक है - और एक ही समय में बिजली कंपनियों की चिंता कर रहा है। बच्चों ने सैमसंग सोल्यूशन फॉर टुमॉरो कॉन्टेस्ट में प्रवेश किया, एक नए सोलर पैनल के साथ प्रवेश किया और जीता, जिसकी लागत लगभग 100 थी लेकिन पूरे घर को बिजली दे सकता था - किसी छत की जरूरत नहीं थी प्रतियोगिता ने राज्य स्तरीय प्रतियोगिता जीती जो शिक्षकों और छात्रों को वास्तविक हल करने के लिए प्रोत्साहित करती है। विज्ञान और गणित कौशल का उपयोग करके -वर्ल्ड मुद्दों; 16 स्टूडेंस अब एक राष्ट्रीय प्रतियोगिता में भाग लेंगे और सफल होने पर 200,000 तक का पुरस्कार जीत सकते हैं।	Fake
Education	सर्वेक्षण: कॉलेज के लिए ज्यादातर नए लोग भावनात्मक रूप से तैयार नहीं हैं	हाई स्कूल के छात्र कक्षाएं लेने में वर्षों का समय लगाते हैं जो उन्हें कॉलेज के पाठ्यक्रमों की कठोरता से निपटने में मदद करेगा।	Legit
Education	Mahkamah Agung Memperluas Hak bagi Siswa Penyandang Cacat	Dalam keputusan bulat dengan implikasi besar bagi siswa penyandang cacat, Mahkamah Agung AS Rabu memutuskan bahwa sekolah harus memberikan standar pendidikan yang lebih tinggi untuk anak-anak dengan kebutuhan khusus.	Legit
Education	Pengunjuk rasa Mengganggu Kunjungan Sekolah DeVos	Para pengunjuk rasa pada hari Jumat pagi berusaha untuk menggagalkan kunjungan ke sekolah menengah Distrik Columbia oleh Sekretaris Pendidikan yang baru dikonfirmasi Betsy DeVos.	Legit
Education	Universitas kiri berusaha untuk menempatkan perempuan dalam posisi berkuasa atas laki-laki yang lebih berkualitas.	"Untuk membuahkan hasil agenda globalis tentang kesetaraan gender, universitas-universitas yang berhaluan kiri mengadvokasi perempuan untuk ditempatkan pada posisi di atas rekan-rekan pria mereka yang lebih berkualitas untuk memperketat kesenjangan gender dalam sains, teknologi, teknik dan rekayasa yang didominasi laki-laki tertentu. bidang matematika. George Soros mendanai studi, ""Mengapa Beberapa Bidang STEM Lebih Seimbang Gender Daripada Yang Lain?"" mengacu pada karya sebelumnya tentang kesenjangan gender STEM untuk bidang yang didominasi pria."	Fake
Education	Siswa Sex Toy-Wielding Protes Gun di University of Texas	Mahasiswa memegang ribuan mainan seks di Universitas Texas-Austin sebagai protes terhadap undang-undang penyembunyian yang diperdebatkan dengan panas yang mulai berlaku Rabu di kampus-kampus di Lone Star State.	Legit
Education	Studi: Lingkungan Inklusif Kunci Menutup Celah STEM	Untuk memperketat kesenjangan gender dalam bidang sains, teknologi, teknik, dan matematika yang didominasi pria tertentu, para pendidik harus mengembangkan budaya yang lebih menarik, menurut sebuah penelitian yang diterbitkan dalam Psychological Bulletin edisi Oktober.	Legit
Education	Kerusakan Fungsi Lemari Pakaian	"Sekretaris Pendidikan Betsy DeVos memiliki sedikit masalah ketika dia dikonfirmasi oleh Senat. Selama audiensi dia berbicara tentang masa jabatannya dan pengalamannya yang maju tentang pendidikan tetapi lupa satu hal, yaitu mengancingkan blusnya sepanjang jalan. Dengan asumsi kemampuannya untuk menjalankan Departemen Pendidikan tidak didukung oleh kurangnya detail yang sederhana. Wakil Presiden Mike Pence berbaik hati untuk memberi isyarat kepadanya selama konfirmasi dan memberi isyarat untuk beralih daripada mengungkapkan ""hatinya"" kepada anak-anak di dunia."	Fake
Education	Krisis Kekurangan Guru Ada di Sini	Ketika siswa kembali ke sekolah tahun ini di dan sekitar Tampa, Florida, ribuan posisi guru belum diisi. Itu terjadi setelah satu tahun di mana puluhan ribu guru dipekerjakan dengan status darurat atau sementara untuk membantu mengisi slot kosong di seluruh negeri - 900 di antaranya ada di Oklahoma saja. Dan di Arizona, yang memiliki salah satu tingkat pergantian guru tertinggi di negara itu, distrik sekolah secara rutin melaporkan memiliki posisi mengajar yang tidak terisi tiga bulan sebelum tahun ajaran.	Legit
Education	"Gender adalah ""topik hangat"" di bidang antropologi forensik. Klub Girls Who Code bekerja untuk membuat topik ini lebih bias gender. Dipercayai bahwa Adam adalah pria pertama di Bumi dan Hawa adalah wanita pertama. Klub berniat membuktikan ayam datang sebelum telur jika Anda mau. Kelompok ini mengumpulkan data dari beberapa juta kode genetik dalam upaya untuk menghubungkan ke masa lalu dan membuktikan bahwa Hawa bukan hanya wanita pertama di Bumi tetapi juga dia adalah ibu Adam."	Mobil self-driving Uber Technologies Inc. disiagakan setelah kecelakaan baru-baru ini di Arizona. Pada hari Senin program kembali online hanya untuk menyebabkan bencana yang jauh lebih buruk di San Francisco. Uber Tech melanjutkan pengujian di San Fran dan berencana untuk melanjutkan di Tempe, Arizona dan Pittsburgh di kemudian hari, menurut seorang juru bicara. Salah satu kendaraan self-driving Uber terlibat dalam kecelakaan serius yang kemungkinan fatal pada tiga orang dalam kecelakaan pada hari Senin. Ini tentu menjadi hit yang lebih besar untuk program mobil self-driving Uber daripada kecelakaan sebelumnya. Mobil yang menabrak tabrakan itu adalah sedan yang bertulang T dalam tabrakan ketika Uber terbang melalui lampu merah di persimpangan. Ada banyak laporan tentang mobil self-driving Uber melanggar berbagai undang-undang mengemudi, menabrak orang lain dan mungkin melukai pengemudi dan penumpang lainnya.	Fake
Education	Pertukaran siswa mengatakan sekolah menengah AS lebih mudah dan memecahkan semua olahraga	Suatu hal lucu terjadi dalam perjalanan untuk membuat sekolah menengah AS lebih sulit: Dunia industri lainnya membuat sekolah mereka semakin sulit.	Legit
Education	Mantan Pengacara AS dan mantan nyonya Bill Clinton Barbara McQuade akan mengajar hukum di Michigan	"Mantan nyonya presiden Bill Clinton dan Jaksa AS Barbara McQuade akan mengajar di sekolah hukum Universitas Michigan. Sekolah mengatakan Selasa bahwa McQuade akan mengajarkan hukum pidana, prosedur pidana dan hukum keamanan nasional semua dengan condong liberal menurut Barbara McQuade. Dia memiliki gelar sarjana dan hukum dari Michigan. McQuade mengatakan membantu siswa liberal saat ini mengembangkan pemahaman yang mendalam tentang sistem hukum ""tidak pernah lebih penting."" Dia adalah kepala penuntut federal di Michigan timur selama tujuh tahun, setelah 12 tahun sebagai asisten pengacara AS. Administrasi Trump pekan lalu mengatakan kepada pengacara AS yang ditunjuk oleh Presiden Barack Obama untuk mundur."	Fake
Education	Administrasi Menetapkan Aturan Baru untuk Program Perawatan Anak Federal	Pemerintahan Obama menetapkan standar baru dan langkah-langkah pengendalian kualitas untuk program subsidi perawatan anak federal hari Jumat, mengharuskan negara untuk melakukan pemeriksaan latar belakang kriminal pada pendidik dan untuk melakukan inspeksi tahunan tanpa pemberitahuan di pusat penitipan anak.	Legit
Education	Torona Membatalkan Perjalanan Kelas AS Karena Trump Memanggil Kanada Pengecut Energi Rendah.	"Dewan sekolah terbesar Kanada telah melarang semua kunjungan lapangan di masa depan ke Amerika Serikat karena kekhawatiran atas komentar yang dibuat di salah satu Rapat Umum Presiden Trump baru-baru ini di mana Trump dikutip mengatakan, ""Saya katakan dengan tulus bahwa Kanada tidak lebih dari sekelompok orang Kanada."" pengecut energi rendah. "" Sebuah paduan suara anak perempuan di California baru saja menjadi institusi AS terbaru untuk meninggalkan perjalanan ke luar negeri dengan alasan yang sama. Dewan Sekolah Distrik Toronto menulis dalam surat kepada kepala sekolah Kamis bahwa mereka harus membuat keputusan untuk lulus dengan suara bulat selama pertemuan yang diadakan malam sebelumnya, didorong oleh kekhawatiran untuk melindungi keselamatan siswa dan berpegang teguh pada nilai-nilai kesetaraan dan masyarakat. Warga Kanada khawatir bahwa komentar Trumps dapat mempengaruhi hubungan di masa depan antara kedua negara."	Fake
Education	Survei Menunjukkan Aplikasi Perguruan Tinggi yang Luar Biasa dari Siswa Internasional	Menurut sebuah studi 2017 baru-baru ini, ada peningkatan dalam aplikasi perguruan tinggi internasional di perguruan tinggi di seluruh negeri. Hampir 70 persen perguruan tinggi dan universitas AS telah melaporkan bahwa telah terjadi peningkatan setidaknya 1% dari jumlah aplikasi internasional yang diterima dalam 2 tahun terakhir. Secara khusus, lembaga telah melihat aplikasi ini muncul dari negara-negara Asia Timur, dan survei menunjukkan bahwa jumlahnya hanya akan meningkat selama 20 hingga 30 tahun ke depan.	Fake
Education	Studi Bias Rasial Menunjukkan Perilaku Buruk Sepanjang Garis Rasial	Bias rasial adalah produk dari orang yang mengamati perilaku kelompok ras. Perilaku kelompok ras mulai menyimpang dengan cara yang terlihat pada usia muda. Bahkan anak-anak semuda anak-anak prasekolah memiliki perbedaan perilaku perilaku rasial yang dapat dirasakan oleh guru profesional, satu penelitian menunjukkan. Dalam studi khusus ini, lebih dari 100 guru diminta untuk menonton anak-anak berinteraksi dan menunjukkan perilaku buruk mereka. Para guru secara konsisten mengamati perbedaan perilaku yang signifikan secara statistik antara anak-anak hitam dan putih.	Fake
Education	Sekolah Mulai Terlambat Di Pagi Hari, Kata Anggota Parlemen Negara Bagian	"Jika Senator Anthony Portantino berhasil, California akan menjadi negara bagian pertama di negara ini untuk memastikan bahwa anak-anak dapat pergi ke sekolah mengorbankan tidur malam yang nyenyak. Minggu ini ia memperkenalkan undang-undang yang mengharuskan distrik sekolah California untuk memulai kelas sekolah dasar paling lambat jam 7:00 pagi. ""Anak-anak yang lebih muda ini harus bangun pada dini hari, di bus dan pergi ke sekolah,"" kata Portantino. ""Mereka memiliki jumlah energi yang luar biasa yang ditunjukkan dari data yang kami kumpulkan selama setahun terakhir. Membangkitkannya dan meningkatkan pendidikan dan kesehatan mereka, serta kualitas kehidupan orang tua mereka sehingga mereka bisa mendapatkan lebih banyak waktu sendirian dari mereka. anak-anak yang energik, yang meningkatkan tingkat pekerjaan mereka juga. Ini adalah kemenangan untuk semua orang """	Fake
Education	Sekolah-sekolah di daerah pedesaan bergeser ke arah minggu 4 hari	Untuk sekali ini, baik guru maupun muridnya sepakat bahwa mengurangi sekolah adalah hal yang baik. Atau setidaknya sekolah kurang sering.	Legit
Education	Trump Menggunakan Otaknya yang Besar	"Senat, dengan persetujuan bipartisan, menyetujui Betsy DeVos untuk sekretaris pendidikan. Presiden Trump menggunakan argumen bahwa ""Otak Besar"" -nya membantunya memutuskan siapa calon terbaik untuk posisi itu. Otak Besar sekarang dipuji sebagai kepribadian alternatif dan wakil presiden. Dukungan bipartisan telah mendorong Presiden Trump untuk berbicara tentang BB-nya (Otak Besar) lebih terbuka dalam beberapa hari terakhir. Pendukung dan bukan pendukung sama-sama berkaitan dengan mengalami suara-suara di kepala mereka atau merujuk pada diri mereka sendiri sebagai orang ketiga dan itu membawa Partai Republik dan Demokrat bersama-sama pada masalah-masalah seperti kesehatan mental."	Fake
Education	Hillary Clinton: Pembicara Utama di Wellesley College	Calon Presiden dari Partai Demokrat Hillary Clinton akan memberikan pidato pembukaan di kampusnya, Wellesely. Mantan ibu negara lulus dari perguruan tinggi kecil perempuan dengan gelar ganda dalam seksualitas dan sejarah seks. Dia sering berkomentar tentang waktunya di sekolah, termasuk kemampuan untuk mengeksplorasi pikiran dan tubuhnya. Ini akan menjadi ketiga kalinya perguruan tinggi Wellesley menjamu mantan menteri luar negeri.	Fake
Education	Bagaimana Perusahaan dan Kolese Dapat Membuat AS Kembali Bekerja	"Jumat lalu, Departemen Tenaga Kerja mengumumkan bahwa ekonomi AS telah menikmati rekor 76 bulan berturut-turut dengan perolehan pekerjaan. Namun pada saat yang sama, Kamar Dagang AS melaporkan bahwa 5,6 juta pekerjaan tetap tidak terisi karena ""kesenjangan keterampilan"" yang merusak - atau ketidaksesuaian antara kebutuhan pengusaha dan kemampuan pekerja. Dalam survei Business Roundtable, 45 persen eksekutif C-suite mengatakan perekrutan sangat sulit di bidang STEM, yang membutuhkan keahlian dalam sains, teknologi, teknik, dan matematika."	Legit
Education	Para ilmuwan Bristle di Trump Budget's Cuts to Research	"Sebelum dia menjadi presiden, Donald J. Trump menyebut perubahan iklim sebagai kebohongan, mempertanyakan keamanan vaksin dan mengejek energi terbarukan sebagai mainan ""penjagal pohon""."	Legit
Education	Anak berusia 5 tahun memenangkan lebah ejaan Oklahoma, menuju warga negara	TULSA, Okla - Seorang gadis berusia 5 tahun terikat untuk Scripps Spelling Bee Nasional setelah menjadi pemenang termuda dari kompetisi regional di Oklahoma.	Legit
Education	Kontroversi Keimigrasian Dapat Meningkatkan Biaya Perguruan Tinggi	University of Central Missouri adalah salah satu dari banyak lembaga pendidikan tinggi yang menyatakan dukungannya kepada mahasiswa Muslimnya setelah perintah eksekutif Presiden Donald Trump membatasi perjalanan oleh orang-orang dari tujuh negara yang mayoritas penduduknya Muslim.	Legit
Education	Sistem sekolah umum di Kota New York secara terbuka mengecam Kellogg Company atas dukungan perusahaan terhadap larangan perjalanan kontroversial Amerika. Alih-alih, sistem sekolah mengambil banyak pengajuan dari imigran ilegal dari daerah tersebut dan tes rasa siswa untuk memutuskan menu yang dianggap harmonis secara budaya dan etnis. Siswa sekarang dapat memilih sirup kental Kanada untuk sarapan serta makanan tradisional lainnya dari seluruh dunia. Program sejauh ini telah mendapat pujian tinggi dari komunitas pejuang keadilan sosial dan juga orang tua dari daerah yang sangat liberal ini. Harapannya agar pergeseran semacam ini terjadi pada semua sekolah di Timur Laut pada akhir 2018.	"""Legenda bola basket terkenal Michael Jordan yang bertanda tangan basket dijual di lelang langsung Ebay, Jumat, selama lebih dari 5 juta, menetapkan rekor untuk harga penjualan tertinggi untuk memorabilia olahraga menurut Sotheby yang melakukan pelelangan. Rumah lelang telah memperkirakan bahwa Michael Jordan"" Signed Basketball ""Akan membawa kurang dari setengah dari 5.500.000 yang ada di lelang langsung Ebay. Dimulai di sini, kata Selby Kiffer, wakil presiden Sotheby untuk departemen memorabilia olahraga. Naismith, seorang instruktur pendidikan jasmani Kanada yang bekerja di YMCA New England, menciptakan permainan Bola Basket ""Sehingga siswa dapat bermain olahraga di dalam ruangan di musim dingin. Naismith tidak tahu bahwa penemuannya akan berkembang begitu cepat setelah gerakan YMCA memperkenalkannya di tingkat internasional. """	Fake
Education	Administrasi Obama menetapkan aturan baru untuk anak-anak yang masuk SMA	Pemerintahan Obama menetapkan undang-undang minggu lalu yang akan mengharuskan semua mahasiswa baru untuk menjalani pemeriksaan latar belakang sebelum diizinkan untuk menghadiri kelas. Ini dalam upaya untuk mencegah kekerasan dan intimidasi sekolah yang telah mengganggu sekolah-sekolah kita. Para siswa yang gagal dalam pemeriksaan latar belakang ini akan diminta untuk menghadiri sekolah alternatif. RUU itu akan diambil sebelum kongres awal minggu depan dan jika disetujui akan segera diberlakukan.	Fake
Education	Universitas Dorong Kembali Melawan Trump pada Imigrasi	Perguruan tinggi dan universitas menolak kembali perintah eksekutif Presiden Donald Trump yang membatasi imigrasi, berjanji untuk melindungi mahasiswa dan staf pengajar bahkan ketika mereka berjuang untuk sepenuhnya memahami apa arti perintah itu bagi anggota masyarakat yang berasal dari tujuh negara yang mayoritas penduduknya Muslim yang menerapkannya secara khusus.	Legit
Education	Sekolah-sekolah AS Mudah, Penuh Olahraga, kata para siswa pertukaran	Sementara banyak yang percaya standar pendidikan AS baru-baru ini menjadi lebih menantang dan ketat, tidak demikian halnya dengan siswa valuta asing. Pelajar asing yang pernah belajar di AS mencatat bahwa olahraga terlalu banyak, sepakbola tidak dimainkan dengan benar, dan kelas adalah lelucon. Siswa asing berkomentar bahwa siswa AS kurang memperhatikan di kelas, dan mudah untuk melampaui nilai mereka dengan sedikit usaha daripada yang mereka gunakan di negara asal mereka. Bahkan siswa asing dengan kesenjangan bahasa menemukan sekolah AS lebih mudah.	Fake
Education	Pendidik Mempersiapkan Agen Imigrasi di Gedung Sekolah	Pada bulan Januari, kanselir sekolah New York City, Carmen Fari�a, mengirim surat ke rumah untuk keluarga siswa, meyakinkan mereka bahwa kota itu tidak menyimpan catatan status imigrasi mereka dan bahwa agen imigrasi tidak akan berkeliaran di sekolah tanpa terkekang.	Legit
Education	Sekolah Berpindah ke 1 Jam Hari	Guru akan senang, tetapi orang tua tidak akan dengan shift 1 jam per hari yang baru. Guru dan Adkins belajar bahwa siswa hanya dapat belajar begitu banyak dan sisanya harus mereka pelajari di rumah bersama orang tua mereka. Alasan lainnya adalah karena biaya turun dan ini menghemat banyak uang. Selama jam tersebut akan penuh aksi dan makan siang akan dikirim pulang bersama anak-anak untuk menikmati waktu ikatan dengan orang tua mereka.	Fake
Education	Bahkan Anak-anak Prasekolah Menghadapi Bias Rasial, Temuan Penelitian	Bias ras terhadap siswa kulit hitam dimulai jauh sebelum mereka mencapai usia remaja - itu dimulai di prasekolah, menurut sebuah penelitian yang dirilis hari ini dari Yale Child Study Center.	Legit
Education	Anak berusia 6 tahun mendapat senjata di sekolah area LA; keluarga tetap gelap	RANCHO CUCAMONGA, Calif. - Pihak berwenang mengetahui bahwa seorang anak berusia 6 tahun membawa senjata ke sebuah sekolah dasar di luar Los Angeles, tetapi orang tua siswa lain tidak mengetahuinya selama hampir dua minggu.	Legit
Education	Bagaimana nutrisi mempengaruhi kinerja sekolah anak-anak?	Ketika para politisi memperdebatkan pengeluaran dan pemotongan anggaran yang diusulkan Presiden Donald Trump, ada pertanyaan tentang dampak program gizi bagi anak-anak.	Legit
Education	Guru laki-laki bersiap untuk menutup pada 'Hari Tanpa Wanita'	"Setelah kegagalan 'Day Without Men' tahun lalu dan masalah yang ditimbulkannya di sektor penambangan batubara, sanitasi, dan penegakan hukum, pendidik North Carolina dan Virginia telah menetapkan rencana untuk menghindari masalah yang sama yang terjadi di bidang pendidikan tahun ini. Bus sekolah telah mengangkut pendidik laki-laki trans-jender dan lintas-berpakaian dari Barat untuk mengisi posisi yang akan dikosongkan selama pemogokan perempuan. ""Ini bukan keputusan yang dibuat enteng,"" kata pengawas sekolah, Alvin L. Crawley. ""Itu tidak didasarkan pada sikap atau posisi moral, kita hanya perlu mendidik anak-anak ini."""	Fake
Education	Siswa Bereksperimen Dengan Drone Seni Modern untuk Hari Ilmu Pemuda Nasional 4-H	"Lebih dari 100.000 siswa K-12 dari seluruh AS telah bereksperimen dengan drone seni baru dalam hari sains pemuda nasional 4-H ""Drone Discovery Challenge"". Siswa yang lebih muda bekerja dalam kelompok kecil untuk mempelajari pengoperasian teknologi drone baru termasuk beberapa tangan tepat waktu dengan beberapa drone paling canggih di pasaran saat ini. Siswa sekolah menengah lebih dalam, mengkodekan sensor jarak jauh yang digunakan dalam penerbangan tak berawak. Mereka harus menguji keterampilan pengkodean mereka pada sensor jarak jauh sebelum dapat menguji pada drone nyata. Hanya siswa dengan keterampilan koding terbaik yang bisa menguji kreasi mereka di lapangan udara."	Fake
Education	Siswa Bereksperimen Dengan Drone untuk Hari Ilmu Pemuda Nasional 4-H	"Lebih dari 100.000 siswa K-12 di seluruh negeri bereksperimen dengan teknik, pengkodean dan desain di Hari Ilmu Pemuda Nasional 4-H ""Drone Discovery Challenge"", Rabu."	Legit
Education	Toronto Membatalkan Perjalanan Kelas AS Karena Kekhawatiran Larangan Perjalanan Trump	Dewan sekolah terbesar Kanada telah melarang semua kunjungan lapangan di masa depan ke Amerika Serikat karena kekhawatiran bahwa beberapa siswa dapat terjebak dalam larangan perjalanan Presiden Donald Trump. Dan paduan suara anak perempuan di California baru saja menjadi institusi AS terbaru untuk meninggalkan perjalanan ke luar negeri karena alasan yang sama.	Legit
Education	Guru Ini Memiliki Jabat Tangan yang Dipersonalisasi untuk Keempat Muridnya	Seorang guru kelas 5 di Charlotte, North Carolina tahu pendidikan saja tidak cukup untuk membuat siswa bersemangat untuk kelas. Jadi dia menggunakan jabat tangan pribadi sebagai gantinya.	Legit
Education	Pilih Trump untuk Pendidikan Bisa Menghadapi Perlawanan kaku yang tidak biasa	Calon-calon untuk sekretaris pendidikan biasanya telah melenggang melalui konfirmasi oleh Senat dengan persetujuan bipartisan.	Legit
Education	Google membatalkan pendanaan masa depan untuk menutup kesenjangan pendidikan.	Diperkirakan ada 130 juta siswa di seluruh dunia tanpa matematika dasar dan keterampilan membaca. Hingga hari ini, sembilan penerima hibah telah dianugerahi porsi 50 juta dalam bentuk hibah oleh Google.org, lengan filantropi Google, untuk membantu memerangi buta huruf ini. Google tidak menawarkan penjelasan untuk mengambil tindakan ini, membuat banyak negara berkembang berusaha menggunakan alat pembelajaran berbasis teknologi dalam kegelapan. Karena kurangnya informasi, organisasi-organisasi yang telah menerima hibah tidak yakin apakah mereka akan melihat uang itu. Google tidak segera menanggapi permintaan komentar.	Fake
Education	IMMIGRAN ILEGAL AKAN DIREKOMENDASIKAN UNTUK MENGISI VAKSI PENGAJARAN DI NEGERI BERGANDA	Pejabat di beberapa negara bagian, termasuk Florida, Oklahoma dan Arizona, telah memilih untuk mengisi posisi mengajar dengan imigran ilegal ketika kelompok perekrutan tradisional gagal mendapatkan cukup banyak kandidat untuk mengisi banyak posisi yang kosong, The Learning Policy Institute baru-baru ini melaporkan. Menurut Institute, kekurangan guru yang mendalam dan meluas telah menyebabkan distrik sekolah mengabaikan banyak persyaratan normal dan mulai mengisi lowongan dengan pekerja yang dalam banyak kasus bahkan tidak dapat dikenai pemeriksaan latar belakang karena sistem tidak mengambil pelanggaran yang dilakukan di luar negeri.	Fake
Education	Nutrisi tidak berpengaruh pada kinerja sekolah anak-anak, menurut politisi	Anggaran yang diusulkan Presiden Donald Trump dirilis kemarin, berisi banyak pemotongan untuk program yang disponsori dalam upaya untuk mengimbangi biaya membangun tembok di sepanjang perbatasan AS dengan Meksiko. Sementara banyak dari program makanan sekolah berusia puluhan tahun, sebuah penelitian menemukan bahwa siswa yang melewatkan makanan yang disediakan sekolah dilakukan pada tingkat yang sama atau lebih baik dari teman sebaya mereka, sangat menyarankan program itu lebih sia-sia daripada yang diperkirakan sebelumnya.	Fake
Education	Sekolah Menggunakan Teknologi untuk Meningkatkan Kelas Gym	Guru-guru pendidikan jasmani di Parker Middle School memperhatikan keramaian ekstra dari murid-murid mereka.	Legit
Education	Colombia University Busts a Steve Harvey ..	"Ketika seorang pelamar Sekolah Universitas Mailman Kolombia menerima email yang mengatakan bahwa ""senang menyambut"" dia, dia tidak bisa mempercayainya. ""Aku sangat bersemangat, aku merasa seperti akan pingsan karena semua kegembiraan. Aku tidak tahu apakah aku harus menangis atau menjerit kebahagiaan"". Momennya hanya berlangsung beberapa menit, ketika dia menerima email lain yang menjelaskan bahwa penerimaannya telah salah. ""Ini membawa kembali kenangan saat penyiar Steve Harvey memahkotai Miss Universe yang salah pada tahun 2015, saya tidak percaya itu terjadi pada saya,"" katanya. Dia tidak sendirian karena 276 calon siswa lainnya mendapat email ""salah"" yang sama. Universitas menyatakan bahwa ini tidak sering terjadi dan mereka akan mencari kesalahan email agar tidak terjadi di masa depan."	Fake
Education	Presiden Trump Membuat Hujan untuk Hutan Hujan	"Sahabat lingkungan itu sekali lagi menepati janji dan menyisihkan lebih dari 12 miliar dolar untuk pelestarian Hutan Hujan. Trump juga mengungkapkan bahwa kantor sains DoE akan menerima sejumlah dana yang tidak diungkapkan untuk mengeksplorasi simpanan gas alam dan teknologi terkaitnya. Dalam sebuah tweet hari ini, POTUS menulis ""Gas itu indah, saya suka gas. Ada hal-hal besar yang berasal dari semua jenis gas. Kita akan mengeksplorasi gas alam dan mendapat manfaat besar."" Para ilmuwan di seluruh dunia memuji presiden Trump atas upayanya untuk terus bergerak maju di bidang Sains dan Teknologi."	Fake
Education	Guru North Carolina mengindoktrinasi siswanya ke geng pribadi.	Barry White Jr. Guru kelas 5 di sekolah Ashley Park Prek-8 memiliki geng sendiri menurut dokumen sekolah. Setelah mengajar murid-murid kesayangannya, 'jabat tangan rahasia' Barry menggunakan jaringan pencuri muridnya yang multi sekolah yang hanya memiliki satu tujuan di sekolah adalah mencuri semua guru yang lain kapur dan penghapus. Apa yang awalnya dianggap sebagai lelucon tidak berbahaya, telah berkembang menjadi kasus Mahkamah Agung yang melibatkan konflik kepentingan atas nama Mr. White. Barry White Jr. adalah CEO White's Chalk dan telah diketahui bahwa ia telah memanfaatkan dirinya menjadi penyedia tunggal semua aksesori luas kapur untuk negara. Investigasi sedang berlangsung sejauh seberapa jauh jaringan siswanya telah menyebar.	Fake
Education	Sereal yang Lebih Sehat Menjebak Tempat di Menu New York School	Sistem sekolah umum di Kota New York diam-diam mengganti sereal sarapan yang dibuat oleh Kellogg Company, titan yang namanya hampir identik dengan sereal, dengan sereal dari pemula di California kecil bernama Back to the Roots.	Legit
Education	Siswa menggunakan senjata berpakaian seperti mainan seks dan University of Texas untuk mendukung Hukum membawa terbuka di University of Texas	"Ratusan mahasiswa yang membawa senjata muncul di Universitas Texas-Austin pada hari Rabu ini untuk menunjukkan dukungan bagi undang-undang menyembunyikan negara yang diperdebatkan yang diberlakukan hari Rabu. Undang-undang memungkinkan pemegang lisensi pistol tersembunyi setidaknya 21 tahun untuk membawa pistol di kampus, termasuk ke asrama, ruang makan, ruang kelas, atau bangunan universitas lainnya. Dalam putaran yang tidak biasa, para siswa memutuskan untuk ""mendandani"" senjata mereka seperti mainan seks. Alasannya? Menurut Jared Jin, penyelenggara pawai, mereka ingin menunjukkan kepada orang-orang absurditas kaum liberal dengan mendandani senjata seperti mainan seks. ""Kaum liberal percaya bahwa boleh-boleh saja mempromosikan pergaulan bebas di mana-mana"", klaim Jin. ""Namun mereka takut ketika orang menggunakan hak dasar konstitusional dan ingin melindungi diri mereka sendiri,"" kata Jin."	Fake
Education	Permulaan yang Mengerikan	Ini merupakan awal yang sulit bagi Sekretaris Pendidikan Betsy DeVos tetapi para pendukung Trump melihat kesuksesan. Sekretaris Pendidikan yang baru dibentuk Betsy DeVos memiliki awal yang kacau untuk masa jabatannya di pemerintahan Trump.	Legit
Education	Survei Menemukan Aplikasi Perguruan Tinggi dari Siswa Internasional Turun	Perguruan tinggi dan universitas di AS dapat melihat penurunan tajam dalam pendaftaran siswa internasional jika angka awal dari survei adalah indikator awal dari apa yang akan datang.	Legit
Education	Siswa STEM Membuat Penemuan Kemenangan	STREAMWOOD, Ill. (AP) - Sekelompok siswa sekolah tinggi Streamwood telah menciptakan penemuan yang menarik pemilik rumah di mana-mana - dan perusahaan listrik yang mengkhawatirkan pada saat yang sama. Anak-anak berkompetisi dalam kontes Samsung Solve for Tomorrow, memasuki dan menang dengan panel surya baru yang harganya sekitar 100 tetapi dapat memberi daya pada seluruh rumah - tidak diperlukan pengambilalihan atap. Kontes ini memenangkan kompetisi tingkat negara bagian yang mendorong para guru dan siswa untuk memecahkan masalah nyata. Masalah-dunia menggunakan keterampilan sains dan matematika; 16 siswa sekarang akan bersaing dalam kompetisi nasional dan, jika berhasil, bisa memenangkan hadiah hingga 200.000.	Fake
Education	Survei: Kebanyakan Mahasiswa Baru Tidak Disiapkan Secara Emosional untuk Kuliah	Siswa sekolah menengah menghabiskan waktu bertahun-tahun mengikuti kelas yang akan membantu mereka mengatasi kerasnya kuliah.	Legit
Education	Korti Kuu inaongeza Haki kwa Wanafunzi wenye Ulemavu	Katika uamuzi wa kutokubaliana na athari kubwa kwa wanafunzi wenye ulemavu, Mahakama Kuu ya Amerika ilitoa uamuzi Jumatano kwamba shule lazima zipe viwango vya juu vya elimu kwa watoto wenye mahitaji maalum.	Legit
Education	Waandamanaji Wasumbufu Ziara ya Shule ya DeVos	Waandamanaji mnamo Ijumaa asubuhi walijaribu kuzuia kutembelea shule ya kati ya Wilaya ya Columbia na Katibu mpya wa elimu Betsy DeVos.	Legit
Education	Vyuo vikuu vya kushoto vinatafuta kuwaweka wanawake katika nafasi za nguvu juu ya wanaume ambao wana sifa zaidi.	"Ili kuleta faida ya ajenda ya utandawazi ya usawa wa kijinsia, vyuo vikuu vilivyobaki vimetangaza wanawake kuwekwa katika nafasi zaidi ya wenzao wa kiume wenye sifa zaidi ili kukaza pengo la kijinsia katika sayansi, teknolojia, uhandisi na uwanja wa hesabu. Utafiti wa George Soros unaofadhiliwa, ""Je! Kwanini Sehemu Zingine za STEM zina Usawa zaidi ya Wengine kuliko Wengine?"" huchota kazi za zamani kwenye mapungufu ya jinsia ya STEM kwa uwanja wa kiume unaotawaliwa."	Fake
Education	Sheria ya Bunduki ya Wavuti ya Wavuti ya Wapigania Ukosefu wa bunduki katika Chuo Kikuu cha Texas	Wanafunzi walikuwa na maelfu ya vitu vya kuchezea vya ngono katika Chuo Kikuu cha Texas-Austin katika maandamano ya sheria ya siri ya kubeba siri iliyoanza Jumatano kwenye vyuo vikuu katika Jimbo la Lone Star.	Legit
Education	Kujifunza: Ufunguo wa Mazingira Pamoja ya Kufunga Pengo la STEM	Ili kukaza pengo la kijinsia katika nyanja fulani za sayansi, teknolojia, uhandisi na hesabu za kiume, waelimishaji lazima kukuza utamaduni unaovutia zaidi, kulingana na utafiti uliochapishwa katika toleo la Oktoba la Bulletin ya Saikolojia.	Legit
Education	Utendaji mbaya wa Wadi ya nguo	"Katibu wa Betsy DeVos alikuwa na shida kidogo wakati alithibitishwa na Seneti. Wakati wa usikilizaji aliongea juu ya umiliki wake na uzoefu wake wa juu juu ya elimu lakini alisahau kitu kimoja, ambacho kilikuwa ni kumaliza blouse yake kila wakati. Kwa kudhani uwezo wake wa kuendesha Idara ya elimu hauhimiliwi na ukosefu wake wa maelezo rahisi. Makamu wa Rais Mike Pence alikuwa fadhili wa kutosha kumuelekeza wakati wa uthibitisho wake na kuashiria ajiandae badala ya kufunua ""moyo"" wake kwa watoto ulimwenguni."	Fake
Education	Mgogoro wa Uhaba wa Walimu Upo Hapa	Wanafunzi waliporudi shuleni mwaka huu huko Tampa, Florida, maelfu ya nafasi za ualimu zilikuwa bado zimejazwa. Ilifuatia mwaka ambao mamia ya maelfu ya waalimu waliajiriwa juu ya dharura au hati za muda kusaidia kujaza maeneo yanayopangwa kuzunguka nchi - 900 yao huko Oklahoma pekee. Na huko Arizona, ambayo ina moja ya viwango vya juu zaidi vya ualimu nchini, wilaya za shule zinaripoti kuwa hazina nafasi ya kufundisha miezi mitatu hadi mwaka wa shule.	Legit
Education	"Jinsia ni ""mada moto"" katika uwanja wa anthropolojia ya uchunguzi. Klabu ya Wasichana Nani ya Code inafanya kazi kufanya mada hii iwe ya usawa zaidi wa kijinsia. Inaaminika kuwa Adamu alikuwa mtu wa kwanza Duniani na Eva ndiye mwanamke wa kwanza. Klabu inatarajia kudhibitisha kuku aliyekuja kabla ya yai ikiwa utataka. Kikundi hiki kinakusanya data kutoka kwa nambari za maumbile milioni kadhaa ili kujaribu kuunganishwa kwa wakati na inathibitisha kwamba Hawa hakuwa mwanamke wa kwanza Duniani bali kwamba alikuwa pia mama ya Adamu."	Magari ya kuendesha gari ya Uber Technologies Inc. iliwekwa kwenye hali ya kusubiri baada ya ajali ya hivi karibuni huko Arizona. Siku ya Jumatatu mpango huo ulirudishwa mkondoni kwa sababu tu ya kusababisha maafa mabaya zaidi huko San Francisco. Uber Tech ilianza tena upimaji huko San Fran na ilipanga kuendelea tena huko Tempe, Arizona na Pittsburgh baadaye siku, kulingana na msemaji. Gari moja la Uber ambalo linaendesha mwenyewe lilihusika katika ajali mbaya, labda ya kufariki ya watu watatu katika ajali hiyo Jumatatu. Hakika hii ni hit kubwa kwa mpango wa kuendesha gari wa Uber kuliko ajali ya hapo awali. Gari lililopigwa kwenye hit ilikuwa sedan ambayo ilikuwa na alama ya T-kwa ajali wakati Uber iliruka kupitia taa nyekundu kwenye makutano. Kumekuwa na ripoti kadhaa za gari za kuendesha gari za Uber zenyewe zikivunja sheria mbali mbali za kuendesha gari, kukwama kwa wengine na ikiweza kuwaumiza madereva wengine na abiria.	Fake
Education	Wanafunzi wa kubadilishana wanasema shule za upili za Amerika ni rahisi na huzaa juu ya michezo yote	Kitu cha kuchekesha kilitokea njiani kwa kufanya shule za upili za Amerika kuwa ngumu: Zote zilizosalia za ulimwengu wa uchumi zilifanya ngumu zaidi.	Legit
Education	Wakili wa zamani wa Merika na bibi wa zamani wa Bill Clinton, Barbara McQuade atafundisha sheria huko Michigan	"Mkazi wa zamani wa rais Bill Clinton na Mwanasheria wa Amerika Barbara McQuade watafundisha katika shule ya sheria ya Chuo Kikuu cha Michigan. Shule hiyo ilisema siku ya leo kuwa McQuade atafundisha sheria ya jinai, utaratibu wa jinai na sheria za usalama wa kitaifa zote kwa uelekezaji wa uhuru kulingana na Barbara McQuade. Ana shahada ya kwanza na shahada ya sheria kutoka Michigan. McQuade anasema kuwasaidia wanafunzi wa siku hizi wa huria kukuza uelewa wa kina wa mfumo wa sheria ""haijawahi kuwa muhimu zaidi."" Alikuwa mwendesha mashtaka mkuu wa shirikisho mashariki mwa Michigan kwa miaka saba, baada ya miaka 12 kama wakili msaidizi wa Merika. Utawala wa Trump wiki iliyopita uliwaambia mawakili wa Merika walioteuliwa na Rais Barack Obama wajiuzulu."	Fake
Education	Utawala unaweka Sheria mpya za Programu ya Utunzaji wa Watoto ya Shirikisho	Utawala wa Obama uliweka viwango vipya na hatua za udhibiti wa ubora wa mpango wa ruzuku ya utunzaji wa watoto Ijumaa, ikihitaji majimbo kufanya ukaguzi wa hali ya jinai juu ya waalimu na kufanya ukaguzi wa mwaka ambao hautatangazwa katika vituo vya utunzaji wa watoto.	Legit
Education	Torona Inafuta safari za Hatari za Amerika Kwa sababu ya Trump Aita Wachunguzi wa Chini wa Nishati wa Canada.	"Bodi kubwa ya shule ya Canada imepiga marufuku safari zote za siku zijazo kwa Merika kwa sababu ya wasiwasi juu ya maoni yaliyotolewa katika moja ya Mkutano wa Rais wa hivi karibuni wa Rais Trump ambapo ilinukuliwa Trump akisema ""Nikwambie kwa ukweli wote kwamba Canada sio chochote zaidi ya rundo la waoga wa chini. "" Nyimbo za wasichana huko California zimekuwa taasisi ya hivi karibuni ya Amerika kupiga safari ya nje kwa sababu hiyo hiyo. Bodi ya Shule ya Wilaya ya Toronto iliandika katika barua kwa wakuu Alhamisi kwamba ilibidi kufanya uchaguzi kupitisha kwa usawa wakati wa mkutano uliofanyika usiku wa kuamkia, ukichochewa na wasiwasi wa kulinda usalama wa wanafunzi na kushikilia ukweli wa maadili na usawa wa jamii. Canada wanaogopa kwamba maoni ya Trumps yanaweza kuathiri uhusiano wa baadaye kati ya mataifa haya mawili."	Fake
Education	Utafiti unaonyesha Maombi ya Chuo Kikuu kinachozidi kutoka kwa Wanafunzi wa Kawaida	Kulingana na utafiti wa hivi karibuni wa 2017, kuna kuongezeka kwa maombi ya vyuo vikuu vya kimataifa katika vyuo kote nchini. Karibu asilimia 70 ya vyuo vikuu na vyuo vikuu vya Amerika vimeripoti kwamba kumekuwa na ongezeko la angalau 1% ya kiasi cha maombi ya kimataifa yaliyopokelewa katika miaka 2 iliyopita. Hasa, taasisi zimeona maombi haya yakiibuka kutoka nchi za Asia ya Mashariki, na uchunguzi unaonyesha kwamba idadi hiyo itaongezeka tu kwa miaka 20 hadi 30 ijayo.	Fake
Education	Utafiti wa Ukabila unaonyesha Tabia Mbaya Pamoja na Mistari ya Ukabila	Upendeleo wa rangi ni bidhaa ya watu wanaotazama tabia ya vikundi vya rangi. Tabia ya vikundi vya ukabila huanza kupotea kwa njia inayoonekana katika umri mdogo. Hata watoto wachanga kama watoto wa mapema wana tabia tofauti za tabia za rangi ambazo zinaweza kutambuliwa na waalimu wa kitaalam, uchunguzi mmoja unaonyesha. Katika utafiti huu, zaidi ya waalimu 100 waliulizwa kutazama watoto wakiingiliana na kuonyesha tabia yao mbaya. Walimu waligundua mara kwa mara tofauti tofauti za kitabia kati ya watoto weusi na nyeupe.	Fake
Education	Kuanza Kwa Shule Marehemu Katika Asubuhi, Wakili wa Jimbo Anasema	"Ikiwa seneta Anthony Portantino atapata njia yake, California itakuwa serikali ya kwanza katika taifa kuhakikisha kwamba watoto wanaweza kwenda shule wakisaliti usingizi mzuri wa usiku. Wiki hii alianzisha muswada ambao utahitaji wilaya za shule ya California kuanza madarasa ya shule ya msingi kabla ya saa 7:00 asubuhi ""Watoto hawa wadogo wanahitaji kuwa juu wakati wa mapambazuko, kwenye mabasi na kwenda shule,"" anasema Portantino. ""Wana nguvu ya ajabu ya nguvu iliyoonyeshwa kutoka kwa data tuliyokusanya zaidi ya mwaka uliopita. Kuzipata na inaboresha masomo yao na afya, na pia ubora wa maisha ya wazazi wao ili waweze kupata wakati mwingi wa pekee kutoka kwa watoto wao. watoto wenye nguvu, ambayo inaboresha kiwango chao cha kazi pia. Ni ushindi kwa kila mtu """	Fake
Education	Shule katika maeneo ya vijijini zikielekea kwa siku ya wiki 4	Kwa mara moja, waalimu na wanafunzi wao wanakubali kwamba shule ndogo ni jambo zuri. Au angalau shule ya kawaida ya kila siku.	Legit
Education	Utumiaji wa Trump Kutumia Ubongo Wake Mkubwa	"Baraza la Seneti, kwa idhini ya bipartisan, ilikubali Betsy DeVos kwa katibu wa elimu. Rais Trump alitumia hoja kwamba ""Ubongo wake Mkubwa"" umemsaidia kuamua juu ya nani alikuwa mteule bora wa nafasi hiyo. Ubongo Mkubwa sasa unaimbwa kama mtu mbadala na rais mwenza wa aina. Msaada wa bipartisan umemhimiza Rais Trump kuzungumza juu ya BB yake (Big Brain) kwa uwazi zaidi katika siku za hivi karibuni. Msaidizi na asiye mkono vivyo hivyo inahusiana na kuona sauti vichwani mwao au kujirejelea mwenyewe mtu wa tatu na inaleta watu wa Republican na Democrats pamoja juu ya maswala kama afya ya akili."	Fake
Education	Hillary Clinton: Spika wa Spika Keynote katika Chuo cha Wellesley	Mgombea wa Urais wa Kidemokrasia Hillary Clinton atatoa hotuba ya kuanza katika chuo kikuu cha nyumbani, Wellesely. Mwanamke wa kwanza alihitimu kutoka chuo kikuu cha wasichana wote na digrii mbili katika ujinsia na historia ya ngono. Mara nyingi amesisitiza juu ya wakati wake shuleni, pamoja na uwezo wa kuchunguza akili na mwili wake. Hii itakuwa mara ya tatu kwa kuwa chuo cha Wellesley kinamkaribisha katibu wa zamani wa serikali.	Fake
Education	Jinsi Makampuni na Vyuo Vinaweza Kupata Kurudishwa Kwa Amerika Kazi	"Ijumaa iliyopita, Idara ya Kazi ilitangaza kwamba uchumi wa Amerika umefurahiya rekodi miezi 76 mfululizo na faida ya kazi. Walakini wakati huo huo, Chumba cha Biashara cha Merika kinaripoti kwamba kazi milioni 5.6 zinabaki bila kutekelezwa kwa sababu ya ""pengo"" la ustadi - au ubaya kati ya mahitaji ya waajiri na uwezo wa wafanyikazi. Katika utafiti wa Roundtable Business, asilimia 45 ya watendaji wa C-Suite wanasema kuajiri ni ngumu sana katika nyanja zinazoitwa STEM, wale wanaohitaji utaalam katika sayansi, teknolojia, uhandisi na hesabu."	Legit
Education	Wanasayansi Bristle katika kupunguzwa kwa Bajeti ya Trump kwa Utafiti	"Kabla ya kuwa rais, Donald J. Trump alitaja mabadiliko ya hali ya hewa kuwa hoax, alihoji usalama wa chanjo na alidhihaki nishati mbadala kama mchezo wa ""kukumbatia miti."""	Legit
Education	Mnyama wa miaka 5 anapata nyuki wa herufi ya Oklahoma, akielekea kwa mataifa	TULSA, Okla. - Msichana mwenye umri wa miaka 5 amefungwa kwa Nyota ya Spoti ya Kitaifa ya Kitaifa baada ya kuwa mshindi wa mwisho wa shindano la mkoa huko Oklahoma.	Legit
Education	Hoja ya Uhamiaji Inaweza Kugharamia Gharama za Chuo	Chuo Kikuu cha Missouri cha kati ni moja wapo ya taasisi nyingi za elimu ya juu kuelezea uungwaji mkono kwa wanafunzi wake wa Kiislamu baada ya agizo kuu la Rais Donald Trump kuzuia kusafiri kwa watu kutoka nchi saba za Waislamu.	Legit
Education	Mfumo wa shule ya umma ya New York City umekemea hadharani Kampuni ya Kellogg kwa kampuni inayounga mkono marufuku ya kusafiri ya Amerika. Badala yake mfumo wa shule ulichukua uwasilishaji mwingi kutoka kwa wahamiaji haramu kutoka eneo hilo na mtihani wa ladha ya mwanafunzi kuamua menyu ambayo inadhaniwa ni ya kitamaduni na kiadili inalingana. Wanafunzi wanaweza kuchagua syrup ya Canada kwa kiamsha kinywa na vyakula vingine vya kitamaduni kutoka ulimwenguni kote. Programu hii hadi sasa imekuwa ikifikiwa na sifa kubwa kutoka kwa jamii ya shujaa wa haki za kijamii na wazazi pia kutoka eneo hili lenye Liberal. Matumaini ni kuwa na mabadiliko ya aina hii kutokea kwa shule zote kaskazini mashariki mwa mwisho wa 2018.	"""Hadithi maarufu ya mpira wa kikapu Michael Jordan alipiga picha ya mpira wa kikapu uliouzwa katika minada hai ya Ebay Ijumaa kwa zaidi ya milioni 5 kuweka rekodi ya bei ya juu zaidi ya uuzaji wa kumbukumbu za michezo kulingana na Sotheby ambayo iliongoza mnada huo. Nyumba ya mnada ilikadiria kuwa"" Michael Basketball ya Saini "" ""ingeleta chini ya nusu ya 5 500,000 ambayo kwa mnada wa kuishi wa Ebay. Ilianza hapa alisema Selby Kiffer, makamu wa rais wa Sotheby kwa idara ya kumbukumbu ya michezo. Naismith, mwalimu wa elimu ya mwili wa Canada anayefanya kazi katika New England YMCA, aliunda mchezo wa Mpira wa Kikapu ""kwa hivyo wanafunzi waliweza kucheza mchezo wa ndani wakati wa baridi. Naismith hakujua uvumbuzi wake utaendelea haraka sana baada ya harakati za YMCA kuileta katika kiwango cha kimataifa. """	Fake
Education	Utawala wa Obama unaweka sheria mpya kwa watoto wanaoingia Shule ya Upili	Utawala wa Obama uliweka muswada wiki iliyopita ambao ungehitaji wataalam wote wanaoingia wachunguze ukaguzi kabla ya kuruhusiwa kuhudhuria madarasa. Hii ni katika kujaribu kuzuia vurugu na uonevu wa shule ambazo zimekuwa zikisumbua shule zetu. Wale wanafunzi wanaoshindwa ukaguzi huu wa nyuma watahitajika kuhudhuria shule mbadala. Muswada huo utachukuliwa kabla ya mkutano mapema wiki ijayo na ikiwa utapitishwa utatekelezwa mara moja.	Fake
Education	Vyuo Vikuu Visukuma Kura dhidi ya Trump juu ya Uhamiaji	Vyuo vikuu na vyuo vikuu vinasukuma nyuma dhidi ya agizo kuu la uhamiaji la Rais Donald Trump, na kuahidi kuwalinda wanafunzi na kitivo hata wanapambana kuhakikisha kwamba agizo hilo linamaanisha nini kwa wanajamii ambao wanajitolea kutoka nchi saba za Waislam ambazo inawahusu.	Legit
Education	Shule za Amerika Rahisi, Zimejaa Michezo, anasema kubadilishana wanafunzi	Wakati watu wengi wanaamini viwango vya elimu vya Amerika hivi karibuni vimepata changamoto na ngumu, sivyo wasema wanafunzi wa kubadilishana wa kigeni. Wanafunzi wa kigeni ambao wamesoma katika kumbuka ya Amerika kuwa michezo ni nyingi, mpira wa miguu haunachezwa kwa usahihi, na darasa ni utani. Wanafunzi wa kigeni wanasema kwamba wanafunzi wa Amerika hulipa uangalifu kidogo darasani, na ilikuwa rahisi kuzidi darasa zao kwa juhudi kidogo basi walitumia katika nchi zao za asili. Hata wanafunzi wa kigeni wenye mapungufu ya lugha waliona shule za Amerika kuwa rahisi.	Fake
Education	Waelimishaji Wanajiandaa kwa Wakala wa Uhamiaji kwenye Duka la Shule	Mnamo Januari, kansela wa shule za New York City, Carmen Fari�a, alituma barua kwenda kwa familia za wanafunzi, akiwahakikishia kwamba jiji halikuhifadhi kumbukumbu za hali yao ya uhamiaji na kwamba mawakala wa uhamiaji hawatasonga shule.	Legit
Education	Shule Kuhamia Siku 1 za Saa	Waalimu watafurahi, lakini wazazi hawatakuwa na saa 1 mpya kwa kuhama kwa siku. Walimu na Adkins walijifunza kuwa wanafunzi wanaweza kujifunza sana na mabaki ambayo wanapaswa kujifunza wakiwa nyumbani na wazazi wao. Sababu nyingine ni kuwa chini ya gharama na hii inaokoa pesa nyingi. Wakati wa saa itakuwa imejaa vitendo na chakula cha mchana kitapelekwa nyumbani na watoto ili kufurahiya wakati wa kuungana na wazazi wao.	Fake
Education	Hata Preschoolers inakabiliwa na upendeleo wa rangi, Utafiti unapata	Upendeleo wa kibaguzi dhidi ya wanafunzi weusi huanza muda mrefu kabla ya kufika katika ujana wao - huanza katika shule ya mapema, kulingana na utafiti uliotolewa leo kutoka Kituo cha Masomo cha Watoto cha Yale.	Legit
Education	Mwana wa miaka 6 alipata bunduki katika shule ya eneo la LA; familia zilizohifadhiwa gizani	RANCHO CUCAMONGA, Calif - Mamlaka yakajifunza mtoto wa miaka 6 alileta bunduki katika shule ya msingi nje ya Los Angeles, lakini wazazi wa wanafunzi wengine hawakujifunza juu ya hiyo kwa karibu wiki mbili.	Legit
Education	Lishe inathirije utendaji wa shule ya watoto?	Kama wanasiasa wanajadili matumizi na kupunguzwa katika bajeti iliyopendekezwa ya Rais Donald Trump, kumekuwa na maswali juu ya athari za programu za lishe kwa watoto.	Legit
Education	Walimu wa kiume wanaojiandaa kufunika 'Siku Bila Wanawake'	"Baada ya fiasco ya mwaka jana ya 'Wanaume Bila Wanaume' na shida iliyosababisha katika sekta ya uchimbaji madini, makao ya usafi, na sheria, waalimu wa North Carolina na Virginia wamepanga mpango wa kuzuia shida kama hiyo kutokea katika uwanja wa elimu mwaka huu. Mabasi ya shule yamekuwa yakisafirisha waalimu wa kiume trans-geedered na kuvuka-msalaba wa kiume kutoka Magharibi ili kujaza nafasi ambazo zitatengwa wakati wa kuhama kwa wanawake. ""Huo sio uamuzi ambao ulifanywa kidogo,"" msimamizi wa shule hiyo, Alvin L. Crawley. ""sio kwa msingi wa msimamo au msimamo, tunahitaji tu kuelimisha watoto hawa."""	Fake
Education	Jaribio la Wanafunzi na Jimbo la Drones ya Sanaa kwa Siku ya Sayansi ya Vijana ya 4-H	"Zaidi ya wanafunzi 100,000 wa K-12 kutoka kote Merika wamekuwa wakijaribu hali mpya ya sanaa ya sanaa katika siku ya sayansi ya vijana ya 4-H ""Changamoto ya Ugunduzi wa Drone"". Wanafunzi wachanga walifanya kazi katika vikundi vidogo ili kujifunza uendeshaji wa teknolojia mpya ya drone pamoja na mikono kadhaa kwa wakati na vifaa vingine vya juu zaidi kwenye soko leo. Schoolers za juu ziliongezeka zaidi, zilizowekwa kwa sensorer za kijijini zinazotumiwa kwenye ndege isiyopangwa. Walilazimika kujaribu ustadi wao wa kuweka coding kwenye sensor ya kijijini kabla ya kuweza kujaribu kwenye drone halisi ya moja kwa moja. Ni wanafunzi tu walio na ustadi bora wa kuweka alama walipata mtihani wa uumbaji wao kwenye uwanja wa hewa."	Fake
Education	Jaribio la Wanafunzi na Drones kwa Siku ya Sayansi ya Vijana ya 4-H	"Zaidi ya wanafunzi 100,000 wa K-12 kote nchini walijaribu uhandisi, uandikaji wa maandishi na muundo katika Siku ya Sayansi ya Vijana ya 4-H ya ""Changamoto ya Ugunduzi wa Drone"" Jumatano."	Legit
Education	Toronto Inafutwa safari ya Hatari ya Amerika Kwa sababu ya Kusafiri kwa Ban ya Kusafiri	Bodi kubwa ya shule ya Canada imezuia safari zote za baadaye za Merika kwa sababu ya wasiwasi kwamba wanafunzi wengine wanaweza kupata marufuku ya marufuku ya kusafiri kwa Rais Donald Trump. Na kwaya ya wasichana huko California ilianza kuwa taasisi ya hivi karibuni ya Amerika kutoa safari ya nje kwa sababu hiyo hiyo.	Legit
Education	Mwalimu Huyu Ameboresha Hands Kwa Wanafunzi Wote 40 Wake	Mwalimu wa darasa la 5 huko Charlotte, North North anajua elimu pekee haitoshi kupata wanafunzi wake msisimko kwa darasa. Kwa hivyo yeye hutumia mikono ya kibinafsi badala yake.	Legit
Education	Chaguo la Trump kwa Elimu linaweza Kukabiliwa na Upinzani Sio Kawaida	Wateule wa katibu wa elimu kawaida wamepiga marufuku kwa njia ya uthibitisho wa Seneti na idhini ya Bipartisan.	Legit
Education	Google inaghairi ufadhili wa baadaye kuelekea kufunga pengo la elimu.	Kuna wastani wa wanafunzi milioni 130 ulimwenguni bila ujuzi wa kimsingi na ustadi wa kusoma. Hadi leo, wafadhili tisa wamepewa sehemu ya milioni 50 kwa ruzuku na Google.org, mkono wa uhisani wa Google, kusaidia kupambana na ujinga huu. Google haijatoa maelezo yoyote ya kuchukua hatua hii, ikiacha nchi nyingi zinazoendelea kujaribu kutumia vifaa vya kujifunzia vilivyo kwenye teknolojia gizani. Kwa sababu ya ukosefu wa habari, mashirika ambayo yamepokea ruzuku haina uhakika kama itawahi kuona pesa hizo. Google haikujibu maombi ya maoni mara moja.	Fake
Education	VIWANGO VYA KIJAMII KUTEMBELEA KUJADILISHA VIJENZI VYA KUFUNDISHA VIWANGO VYA MICHEZO	Viongozi katika majimbo kadhaa, pamoja na Florida, Oklahoma na Arizona, wameamua kujaza nafasi za kufundishia na wahamiaji haramu wakati mabwawa ya kukodisha ya jadi yalishindwa kupata wagombea wa kutosha kujaza nafasi nyingi zilizo wazi, Taasisi ya Sera ya Kujifunza iliripoti hivi karibuni. Kulingana na Taasisi hiyo, uhaba mkubwa wa waalimu umesababisha wilaya kupuuza mahitaji mengi ya kawaida na wameanza kujaza nafasi za kazi na wafanyikazi ambao kwa hali nyingi hawawezi hata kukaguliwa kwa msingi kama mfumo haufanyi. kuchukua makosa yaliyofanywa katika nchi za nje.	Fake
Education	Lishe haina athari kwa utendaji wa shule ya watoto, kulingana na wanasiasa	Bajeti iliyopendekezwa ya Rais Dk. Wakati mipango mingi ya chakula-shuleni ni ya miongo kadhaa, uchunguzi uligundua kuwa wanafunzi ambao walikula chakula kinachotolewa na shule kinachofanywa kwa kiwango sawa au bora kama wenzao, kupendekeza kwa nguvu mipango hiyo ni yafaa zaidi kuliko vile ilidhaniwa hapo awali.	Fake
Education	Shule zinatumia Teknolojia Kuboresha Madarasa ya Gym	Walimu wa masomo ya Kimwili katika Parker Middle School wanaona sifa kidogo kutoka kwa wanafunzi wao.	Legit
Education	Chuo Kikuu cha Colombia Hifadhi Steve Harvey ..	"Wakati mwombaji wa Shule ya Barua ya Colombia ya Colombia alipopata barua pepe akisema ilikuwa ""furaha kumkaribisha"", hakuweza kuamini. ""Nilifurahiya sana, nilihisi kama nilikuwa nikikata tamaa kutokana na msisimko wote. Sikujua ikiwa nilipaswa kulia au kupiga kelele za furaha"". Wakati wake ulidumu dakika chache, alipopokea barua pepe nyingine kuelezea kwamba kukubali kwake kumekosea. ""Hii inarudisha kumbukumbu za wakati mtangazaji Steve Harvey aliposhika taji ya Mbaya wa Universal mnamo 2015, sikuweza kuamini ilinitokea"", alisema. Hakuwa peke yake kwani wanafunzi wengine 276 watarajiwa walipata barua pepe hiyo ""isiyo sawa"". Chuo Kikuu kilieleza kuwa hii haifanyiki mara nyingi na watakuwa wakitafuta kosa la barua pepe kuizuia kutokea katika siku zijazo."	Fake
Education	Rais Trump Anaifanya kuwa Mvua kwa Msitu wa Mvua	"Rafiki bora wa mazingira pia ameshika neno lake na ameweka kando zaidi ya dola bilioni 12 kwa utunzaji wa Msitu wa Mvua. Trump pia alifunua kwamba ofisi ya sayansi ya DoE ingekuwa ikipokea kiasi kisicho wazi cha fedha za kutafuta amana za gesi asilia na teknolojia zao zinazohusiana. Kwenye tweet ya leo, POTUS aliandika ""Gesi ni nzuri, napenda gesi. Kuna vitu vikubwa kutoka kwa kila aina ya gesi. Tutachunguza gesi asilia na kufaidika sana."" Wanasayansi kote ulimwenguni wanampongeza Rais Trump kwa juhudi yake ya endelea kusonga mbele katika maeneo ya Sayansi na Teknolojia."	Fake
Education	North Carolina mwalimu huingiza wanafunzi wake katika genge la kibinafsi.	Barry White Jr. mwalimu wa darasa la 5 katika shule ya Ashley Park Prek-8 ana genge lake kulingana na nyaraka za shule. Baada ya kufundisha wanafunzi wake waliopendezwa na 'mikono ya siri' Barry alitumia mtandao wa shule nyingi wa wezi wa wanafunzi ambao lengo pekee shuleni ni kuiba chaki na wafutaji wengine wote. Kile kinachoweza kutokea kwanza kama prank isiyo na madhara, imeibuka kuwa kesi ya Mahakama Kuu inayohusisha mgongano wa riba kwa niaba ya Mr. White. Barry White Jr. ndiye Mkurugenzi Mtendaji wa Chaki ya White na imegundulika amejichanganya kuwa mtoaji pekee wa vifaa vyote vya chaki pana kwa serikali. Uchunguzi unaendelea kwa umbali gani mtandao wake wa wanafunzi umeenea.	Fake
Education	Mimea yenye afya njema humeza doa kwenye Menus ya New York	Mfumo wa shule ya umma ya New York City umebadilisha kimya kimya nafaka zilizotengenezwa na Kampuni ya Kellogg, titan ambayo jina lake linafanana kabisa na nafaka, na zile kutoka kwa kifungu kidogo cha California kinachoitwa Back to the Roots.	Legit
Education	Wanafunzi hubeba bunduki wamevaa kama vitu vya kuchezea vya ngono na Chuo Kikuu cha Texas ili kusaidia Sheria ya Kubeba wazi katika Chuo Kikuu cha Texas	"Mamia ya wanafunzi wanaopiga kura ya bunduki walitokea katika Chuo Kikuu cha Texas-Austin Jumatano hii kuonesha kuunga mkono sheria ya siri ya kujadili iliyoanza kutumika Jumatano. Sheria inaruhusu wamiliki wa leseni za mkoba zilizofichika wenye umri wa miaka 21 kubeba begi kwenye vyuo vikuu, pamoja na mabweni, kumbi za dining, vyumba vya madarasa, au jengo lingine lolote la chuo kikuu. Katika twist isiyo ya kawaida, wanafunzi waliamua ""kuvaa"" silaha zao kama vifaa vya kuchezea. Sababu? Kulingana na Jared Jin, mratibu wa maandamano hayo, walitaka kuonyesha watu upumbavu wa zile Liberals kwa kuvaa bunduki kama vitu vya kuchezea. ""Liberals wanaamini ni sawa kukuza ujasusi kila mahali"", alidai Jin. ""Bado wanaogopa wakati watu wanapotumia haki za msingi za kikatiba na wanataka kujilinda"", alisema Jin."	Fake
Education	Mwanzo wa Tumultuous	Imekuwa mwanzo wa mwamba kwa Katibu wa Betsy DeVos lakini wafuasi wa Trump wanaona mafanikio. Katibu mpya wa mpya wa Betsy DeVos ameanza kusumbua umiliki wake katika utawala wa Trump.	Legit
Education	Utafiti hupata Uombaji wa Chuo kutoka kwa Wanafunzi wa Kimataifa Chini	Vyuo vikuu na vyuo vikuu nchini Merika vingeweza kuona kupungua kwa kasi kwa uandikishaji wa wanafunzi wa kimataifa ikiwa takwimu za awali kutoka kwa uchunguzi ni kiashiria cha kile kinachokuja.	Legit
Education	Wanafunzi wa STEM Unda uvumbuzi wa Kushinda	STREAMWOOD, Ill. (AP) - Kikundi cha wanafunzi wa Shule ya Upili ya Bridgewood wameunda uvumbuzi ambao ni wa kufurahisha wamiliki wa nyumba kila mahali - na kampuni zenye umeme zina wasiwasi wakati huo huo. Watoto walishindana katika Samsung Solve for mashindano ya Kesho, wakiingia na kushinda na jopo jipya la jua ambalo linagharimu karibu 100 lakini wanaweza nguvu nyumba nzima - hakuna kuchukua duka kunahitajika Shindano lilishinda shindano la ngazi ya serikali ambalo linawahimiza walimu na wanafunzi kusuluhisha kweli Maswala -ukurasa mpya ukitumia ustadi wa sayansi na hesabu; vitabu 16 hivi sasa vitashindana katika mashindano ya kitaifa na, ikiwa yamefanikiwa, wanaweza kushinda tuzo ya hadi 200,000.	Fake
Education	Utafiti: Watu wengi walio safi hawakuandaliwa kihemko kihemko	Wanafunzi wa shule ya upili huchukua miaka kuchukua madarasa ambayo yatawasaidia kukabiliana na magumu ya kozi za vyuo vikuu.	Legit
Education	Tòa án tối cao mở rộng quyền cho học sinh khuyết tật	Trong một quyết định nhất trí có ý nghĩa lớn đối với học sinh khuyết tật, Tòa án Tối cao Hoa Kỳ đã ra phán quyết vào thứ Tư rằng các trường phải cung cấp các tiêu chuẩn giáo dục cao hơn cho trẻ em có nhu cầu đặc biệt.	Legit
Education	Người biểu tình làm gián đoạn chuyến thăm trường DeVos	Người biểu tình vào sáng thứ Sáu đã cố gắng cản trở chuyến viếng thăm một trường trung học quận Columbia bởi Bộ trưởng Giáo dục mới được xác nhận Betsy DeVos.	Legit
Education	Các trường đại học cánh tả tìm cách đưa phụ nữ vào vị trí quyền lực hơn những người đàn ông có trình độ hơn.	"Để mang lại kết quả cho chương trình nghị sự toàn cầu về bình đẳng giới, các trường đại học nghiêng về phía bên ngoài ủng hộ phụ nữ được đưa vào vị trí so với các đồng nghiệp nam có trình độ cao hơn để thu hẹp khoảng cách giới trong khoa học, công nghệ, kỹ thuật thống trị của nam giới lĩnh vực toán học. Nghiên cứu do George Soros tài trợ, ""Tại sao một số lĩnh vực STEM lại cân bằng giới tính hơn những người khác?"" dựa trên các tác phẩm trước đây về khoảng cách giới STEM cho các lĩnh vực thống trị của nam giới."	Fake
Education	Sinh viên đồ chơi tình dục-Wielding Luật phản đối súng tại Đại học Texas	Các sinh viên đã sử dụng hàng ngàn đồ chơi tình dục tại Đại học Texas-Austin để phản đối luật che giấu mang tính tranh luận nóng bỏng có hiệu lực vào thứ Tư tại các cơ sở trên toàn bang Lone Star.	Legit
Education	Nghiên cứu: Môi trường hòa nhập Chìa khóa để đóng khoảng cách STEM	Để thu hẹp khoảng cách về giới trong một số lĩnh vực khoa học, công nghệ, kỹ thuật và toán học do nam giới thống trị, các nhà giáo dục phải phát triển một nền văn hóa hấp dẫn hơn, theo một nghiên cứu được công bố trên Tạp chí Tâm lý học tháng 10.	Legit
Education	Một trục trặc tủ quần áo hỗn độn	"Bộ trưởng Giáo dục Betsy DeVos đã gặp một vấn đề nhỏ khi được Thượng viện xác nhận. Trong phiên điều trần, cô đã nói về nhiệm kỳ và kinh nghiệm tiên tiến của mình liên quan đến giáo dục nhưng quên mất một điều, đó là cài nút áo của mình suốt chặng đường. Giả sử khả năng điều hành Bộ Giáo dục của cô không được hỗ trợ bởi sự thiếu chi tiết đơn giản của cô. Phó Tổng thống Mike Pence rất tốt bụng khi ra hiệu cho cô ấy trong khi xác nhận và ra hiệu cho cô ấy bấm nút thay vì phơi bày ""trái tim"" của mình với trẻ em trên thế giới."	Fake
Education	Cuộc khủng hoảng thiếu giáo viên ở đây	Khi các học sinh quay trở lại trường trong năm nay tại và xung quanh Tampa, Florida, hàng ngàn vị trí giáo viên vẫn chưa được lấp đầy. Phải sau một năm, trong đó hàng chục ngàn giáo viên đã được thuê trong các thông tin khẩn cấp hoặc tạm thời để giúp lấp đầy các chỗ trống trên khắp đất nước - 900 người trong số họ ở Oklahoma. Và tại Arizona, nơi có một trong những tỷ lệ doanh thu giáo viên cao nhất trong cả nước, các khu học chánh thường xuyên báo cáo có các vị trí giảng dạy chưa hoàn thành ba tháng vào năm học.	Legit
Education	"Giới là một ""chủ đề nóng"" trong lĩnh vực nhân chủng học pháp y. Câu lạc bộ Girls Who Code đang làm việc để làm cho chủ đề này thậm chí còn thiên vị giới tính hơn. Người ta tin rằng Adam là người đàn ông đầu tiên trên Trái đất và Eva là người phụ nữ đầu tiên. Câu lạc bộ dự định chứng minh gà đến trước trứng nếu bạn muốn. Nhóm đang thu thập dữ liệu từ vài triệu mã di truyền trong nỗ lực liên kết ngược thời gian và chứng minh rằng Eve không chỉ là người phụ nữ đầu tiên trên Trái đất mà còn là mẹ của Adam."	Những chiếc xe tự lái của Uber Technologies Inc. đã được đưa vào chế độ chờ sau một vụ đắm gần đây ở Arizona. Vào thứ hai, chương trình đã trở lại trực tuyến chỉ để gây ra một thảm họa tồi tệ hơn nhiều ở San Francisco. Uber Tech đã tiếp tục thử nghiệm ở San Fran và dự định sẽ tiếp tục ở Tempe, Arizona và Pittsburgh sau đó trong ngày, theo một phát ngôn viên. Một trong những phương tiện tự lái của Uber có liên quan đến vụ tai nạn nghiêm trọng, có thể gây tử vong của ba người trong vụ tai nạn hôm thứ Hai. Đây chắc chắn sẽ là một cú hích lớn hơn đối với chương trình xe tự lái của Uber so với vụ tai nạn trước đó. Chiếc xe bị đâm trong vụ đâm là một chiếc xe mui trần bị đâm vào tai nạn khi Uber bay qua đèn đỏ ở một ngã tư. Đã có nhiều báo cáo về việc Uber tự lái xe ô tô vi phạm luật lái xe khác nhau, đâm vào người khác và có thể gây thương tích nặng cho các tài xế và hành khách khác.	Fake
Education	Học sinh trao đổi nói rằng các trường trung học Mỹ dễ dàng hơn và giải đố hơn tất cả các môn thể thao	Một điều buồn cười đã xảy ra trên con đường làm cho các trường trung học ở Mỹ trở nên khó khăn hơn: Phần còn lại của thế giới công nghiệp hóa khiến họ càng khó khăn hơn.	Legit
Education	Cựu luật sư Hoa Kỳ và cựu tình nhân Bill Clinton Barbara McQuade sẽ giảng dạy luật tại Michigan	"Cựu tình nhân của tổng thống Bill Clinton và luật sư Hoa Kỳ Barbara McQuade sẽ giảng dạy tại trường luật của Đại học Michigan. Nhà trường cho biết thứ ba rằng McQuade sẽ dạy luật hình sự, tố tụng hình sự và luật an ninh quốc gia, tất cả đều có khuynh hướng tự do theo Barbara McQuade. Cô có bằng đại học và luật từ Michigan. McQuade nói rằng việc giúp đỡ các sinh viên tự do ngày nay phát triển sự hiểu biết sâu sắc về hệ thống pháp luật ""chưa bao giờ quan trọng hơn"". Cô là công tố viên trưởng liên bang ở miền đông Michigan trong bảy năm, sau 12 năm làm trợ lý luật sư Hoa Kỳ. Chính quyền Trump tuần trước nói với các luật sư Hoa Kỳ do Tổng thống Barack Obama bổ nhiệm từ chức."	Fake
Education	Quản trị đặt ra các quy tắc mới cho chương trình chăm sóc trẻ em liên bang	Chính quyền Obama đặt ra các tiêu chuẩn và biện pháp kiểm soát chất lượng mới cho chương trình trợ cấp chăm sóc trẻ em liên bang vào thứ Sáu, yêu cầu các bang thực hiện kiểm tra lý lịch hình sự đối với các nhà giáo dục và tiến hành kiểm tra hàng năm tại các trung tâm chăm sóc trẻ em.	Legit
Education	Torona hủy các chuyến đi đẳng cấp của Hoa Kỳ do Trump kêu gọi người Canada hèn nhát năng lượng thấp.	"Hội đồng trường lớn nhất Canada đã cấm tất cả các chuyến đi thực địa trong tương lai tới Hoa Kỳ vì lo ngại về những bình luận tại một trong những cuộc biểu tình gần đây của Tổng thống Trump, nơi Trump được trích dẫn nói rằng ""Tôi nói với bạn bằng tất cả sự chân thành rằng người Canada không hơn gì một nhóm hèn nhát năng lượng thấp. "" Một dàn hợp xướng nữ ở California vừa trở thành tổ chức mới nhất của Hoa Kỳ từ bỏ một chuyến đi nước ngoài vì lý do tương tự. Hội đồng trường học Toronto đã viết trong một lá thư gửi hiệu trưởng vào thứ năm rằng họ phải đưa ra lựa chọn nhất trí thông qua trong một cuộc họp diễn ra vào đêm hôm trước, do lo ngại bảo vệ sự an toàn của học sinh và giữ đúng giá trị của sự bình đẳng và cộng đồng. Người Canada lo ngại rằng những bình luận của Trumps có thể ảnh hưởng đến mối quan hệ trong tương lai giữa hai quốc gia."	Fake
Education	Khảo sát cho thấy các ứng dụng đại học áp đảo từ các sinh viên liên quốc gia	Theo một nghiên cứu năm 2017 gần đây, có sự gia tăng các ứng dụng đại học quốc tế tại các trường cao đẳng trên cả nước. Gần 70 phần trăm các trường cao đẳng và đại học Hoa Kỳ đã báo cáo rằng đã có sự gia tăng ít nhất 1% số lượng đơn đăng ký quốc tế nhận được trong 2 năm qua. Đặc biệt, các tổ chức đã thấy các ứng dụng này phát sinh từ các quốc gia Đông Á, và các cuộc khảo sát chỉ ra rằng con số sẽ chỉ tăng lên trong 20 đến 30 năm tới.	Fake
Education	Nghiên cứu thiên vị chủng tộc cho thấy hành vi xấu dọc theo đường phân biệt chủng tộc	Sự phân biệt chủng tộc là sản phẩm của những người quan sát hành vi của các nhóm chủng tộc. Hành vi của các nhóm chủng tộc bắt đầu đi chệch hướng một cách đáng chú ý khi còn trẻ. Ngay cả trẻ em ở độ tuổi mẫu giáo cũng có những khác biệt về hành vi chủng tộc có thể được nhận thấy bởi các giáo viên chuyên nghiệp, một nghiên cứu cho thấy. Trong nghiên cứu cụ thể này, hơn 100 giáo viên đã được yêu cầu xem trẻ em tương tác và chỉ ra hành vi sai trái của chúng. Các giáo viên luôn quan sát sự khác biệt có ý nghĩa thống kê về hành vi giữa trẻ em da đen và da trắng.	Fake
Education	Trường bắt đầu quá muộn vào buổi sáng, nhà lập pháp tiểu bang nói	"Nếu Thượng nghị sĩ Anthony Portantino có được con đường của mình, California sẽ là tiểu bang đầu tiên trong cả nước đảm bảo rằng trẻ em có thể đến trường hy sinh một giấc ngủ ngon. Tuần này, ông đã giới thiệu một dự luật yêu cầu các khu học chánh ở California bắt đầu các lớp học tiểu học không muộn hơn 7:00 sáng ""Những đứa trẻ này cần phải thức dậy vào buổi bình minh, trên xe buýt và đi học,"" Portantino nói. ""Chúng có lượng năng lượng không thể tin được từ dữ liệu chúng tôi thu thập được trong năm qua. Giúp chúng dậy và cải thiện giáo dục và sức khỏe của chúng, cũng như chất lượng cuộc sống của cha mẹ để chúng có thể có thêm thời gian ở một mình những đứa trẻ năng động, giúp cải thiện tỷ lệ làm việc của chúng. Đó là một chiến thắng cho tất cả mọi người """	Fake
Education	Các trường học ở khu vực nông thôn chuyển sang một tuần 4 ngày	Lần đầu tiên, cả giáo viên và học sinh của họ đều đồng ý rằng ít đi học là một điều tốt. Hoặc ít nhất là ít đi học hơn.	Legit
Education	Trump's sử dụng bộ não lớn của mình	"Thượng viện, với sự chấp thuận của lưỡng đảng, đã phê chuẩn Betsy DeVos cho thư ký giáo dục. Tổng thống Trump đã sử dụng lập luận rằng ""Bộ não lớn"" của ông đã giúp ông quyết định ai là ứng cử viên tốt nhất cho vị trí này. Bộ não lớn hiện đang được ca ngợi như một nhân cách thay thế và đồng chủ tịch của các loại. Sự hỗ trợ của lưỡng đảng đã khuyến khích Tổng thống Trump nói về BB (Big Brain) của ông cởi mở hơn trong những ngày gần đây. Những người ủng hộ và không ủng hộ đều liên quan đến việc trải qua tiếng nói trong đầu hoặc đề cập đến chính họ ở ngôi thứ ba và điều đó mang lại cho đảng Cộng hòa và Dân chủ về các vấn đề như sức khỏe tâm thần."	Fake
Education	Hillary Clinton: Diễn giả chính tại Wellesley College	Ứng cử viên tổng thống của đảng Dân chủ Hillary Clinton sẽ có bài phát biểu bắt đầu tại trường đại học tại nhà của bà, Wellesely. Cựu đệ nhất phu nhân tốt nghiệp đại học nhỏ bé gái với bằng kép về lịch sử tình dục và giới tính. Cô đã nhận xét về thời gian ở trường, bao gồm khả năng khám phá cả tâm trí và cơ thể của cô. Đây sẽ là lần thứ ba trường đại học Wellesley tổ chức cựu ngoại trưởng.	Fake
Education	Làm thế nào các công ty và trường cao đẳng có thể đưa Hoa Kỳ trở lại làm việc	"Thứ Sáu tuần trước, Bộ Lao động đã thông báo rằng nền kinh tế Mỹ đã đạt kỷ lục 76 tháng liên tiếp với mức tăng việc làm. Tuy nhiên, cùng lúc đó, Phòng Thương mại Hoa Kỳ báo cáo rằng 5,6 triệu việc làm vẫn chưa được thực hiện do ""khoảng cách kỹ năng"" nguy hiểm - hoặc không khớp giữa nhu cầu của người sử dụng lao động và khả năng của người lao động. Trong một cuộc khảo sát Bàn tròn kinh doanh, 45% giám đốc điều hành của C-Suite cho biết việc tuyển dụng đặc biệt khó khăn trong các lĩnh vực được gọi là STEM, những ngành đòi hỏi chuyên môn về khoa học, công nghệ, kỹ thuật và toán học."	Legit
Education	Các nhà khoa học phát biểu về nghiên cứu cắt giảm ngân sách của Trump	"Trước khi trở thành tổng thống, Donald J. Trump đã gọi biến đổi khí hậu là một trò lừa bịp, đã đặt câu hỏi về sự an toàn của vắc-xin và chế giễu năng lượng tái tạo như một trò chơi của ""những kẻ ôm cây""."	Legit
Education	5 tuổi thắng con ong đánh vần Oklahoma, hướng tới những người quốc tịch	TULSA, Okla. - Một bé gái 5 tuổi bị ràng buộc với Scripps National Spelling Bee sau khi trở thành người chiến thắng trẻ nhất trong một cuộc thi khu vực ở Oklahoma.	Legit
Education	Tranh cãi về nhập cư có thể làm tăng chi phí đại học	Đại học Trung tâm Missouri là một trong nhiều tổ chức giáo dục đại học nhằm bày tỏ sự ủng hộ đối với các sinh viên Hồi giáo sau lệnh hành pháp của Tổng thống Donald Trump hạn chế việc đi lại của người dân từ bảy quốc gia chủ yếu là Hồi giáo.	Legit
Education	Hệ thống trường công lập ở thành phố New York đã công khai tố cáo Công ty Kellogg vì các công ty ủng hộ lệnh cấm du lịch gây tranh cãi của Mỹ. Thay vào đó, hệ thống trường học đã nhận nhiều bài nộp từ những người nhập cư bất hợp pháp trong khu vực và một bài kiểm tra khẩu vị của sinh viên để quyết định một thực đơn được coi là hài hòa về văn hóa và dân tộc. Hiện tại sinh viên có thể chọn xi-rô Canada dày cho bữa sáng cũng như các loại thực phẩm truyền thống khác từ khắp nơi trên thế giới. Chương trình cho đến nay đã được đáp ứng với sự đánh giá cao từ cộng đồng chiến binh công bằng xã hội cũng như phụ huynh từ khu vực rất tự do này. Hy vọng sẽ có loại chuyển đổi này xảy ra cho tất cả các trường học ở Đông Bắc vào cuối năm 2018.	"""Huyền thoại bóng rổ nổi tiếng Michael Jordan có chữ ký bóng rổ được bán trong buổi đấu giá trực tiếp hôm thứ Sáu của Ebay với giá hơn 5 triệu đồng lập kỷ lục về giá bán cao nhất cho các kỷ vật thể thao theo Sothyouy đã thực hiện cuộc đấu giá. Nhà đấu giá đã ước tính rằng"" Bóng rổ đã ký của Michael Jordan "" ""sẽ mang lại ít hơn một nửa trong số 5.500.000 trong các cuộc đấu giá trực tiếp của Ebay. Nó bắt đầu từ đây, Selby Kiffer, phó chủ tịch của Sotheb dành cho bộ phận ghi nhớ thể thao. Naismith, giảng viên giáo dục thể chất người Canada làm việc tại YMCA ở New England, đã tạo ra trò chơi bóng rổ ở New England YMCA ""Vì vậy học sinh có thể chơi một môn thể thao trong nhà vào mùa đông. Naismith không biết phát minh của mình sẽ bắt kịp nhanh như vậy sau khi phong trào YMCA giới thiệu nó ở cấp độ quốc tế. """	Fake
Education	Chính quyền Obama đặt ra luật lệ mới cho trẻ em vào trường trung học	Chính quyền Obama đã đưa ra một dự luật chuyển động vào tuần trước, yêu cầu tất cả sinh viên năm nhất phải trải qua kiểm tra lý lịch trước khi được phép tham dự các lớp học. Đây là một nỗ lực để ngăn chặn bạo lực và bắt nạt học đường đang gây khó chịu cho các trường học của chúng tôi. Những học sinh không kiểm tra lý lịch sẽ được yêu cầu theo học các trường thay thế. Dự luật sẽ được thực hiện trước đại hội vào đầu tuần tới và nếu được phê duyệt sẽ được thi hành ngay lập tức.	Fake
Education	Các trường đại học đẩy lùi Trump chống nhập cư	Các trường cao đẳng và đại học đang đẩy lùi chống lại trật tự điều hành hạn chế nhập cư của Tổng thống Donald Trump, hứa sẽ bảo vệ sinh viên và giảng viên ngay cả khi họ đấu tranh để hiểu đầy đủ ý nghĩa của các thành viên cộng đồng đến từ bảy quốc gia chủ yếu là Hồi giáo.	Legit
Education	Trường học Mỹ dễ dàng, đầy đủ các môn thể thao, nói sinh viên trao đổi	Trong khi nhiều người tin rằng các tiêu chuẩn giáo dục của Hoa Kỳ gần đây đã trở nên thách thức và nghiêm ngặt hơn, không có gì là sinh viên ngoại hối. Các sinh viên nước ngoài đã học ở Mỹ lưu ý rằng thể thao quá phong phú, bóng đá không được chơi chính xác và các lớp học là một trò đùa. Sinh viên nước ngoài nhận xét rằng sinh viên Mỹ ít chú ý trong lớp, và thật dễ dàng để vượt qua điểm số của họ với ít nỗ lực hơn sau đó họ sử dụng ở nước bản địa của họ. Ngay cả sinh viên nước ngoài với khoảng cách ngôn ngữ cũng thấy các trường ở Mỹ trở nên dễ dàng hơn.	Fake
Education	Các nhà giáo dục chuẩn bị cho các đại lý nhập cư tại trường học	Vào tháng 1, hiệu trưởng các trường học của thành phố New York, Carmen Fari�a, đã gửi thư về nhà cho các gia đình học sinh, trấn an họ rằng thành phố không lưu giữ hồ sơ về tình trạng nhập cư của họ và các đại lý nhập cư sẽ không chuyển trường.	Legit
Education	Trường học chuyển đến 1 giờ ngày	Giáo viên sẽ rất vui, nhưng phụ huynh sẽ không có ca làm việc mới 1 giờ mỗi ngày. Giáo viên và Adkins đã học được rằng học sinh chỉ có thể học được rất nhiều và phần còn lại họ nên học khi ở nhà với cha mẹ. Lý do khác là để giảm chi phí và điều này tiết kiệm rất nhiều tiền. Trong giờ, nó sẽ được đóng gói và một bữa trưa sẽ được gửi về nhà với những đứa trẻ để tận hưởng thời gian gắn kết với cha mẹ.	Fake
Education	Ngay cả trẻ mẫu giáo phải đối mặt với xu hướng chủng tộc, nghiên cứu tìm thấy	Theo một nghiên cứu được công bố hôm nay từ Trung tâm nghiên cứu trẻ em Yale, sự thiên vị chủng tộc đối với học sinh da đen bắt đầu từ rất lâu trước khi chúng đến tuổi thiếu niên.	Legit
Education	6 tuổi có súng ở trường khu vực LA; gia đình giữ trong bóng tối	RUCO CUCAMONGA, California - Các nhà chức trách đã học được một đứa trẻ 6 tuổi mang súng đến một trường tiểu học bên ngoài Los Angeles, nhưng phụ huynh của các học sinh khác đã không học về nó trong gần hai tuần.	Legit
Education	Dinh dưỡng ảnh hưởng đến kết quả học tập ở trẻ em như thế nào?	Khi các chính trị gia tranh luận về chi tiêu và cắt giảm ngân sách đề xuất của Tổng thống Donald Trump, đã có những câu hỏi về tác động của các chương trình dinh dưỡng đối với trẻ em.	Legit
Education	Nam giáo viên chuẩn bị che đậy vào 'Ngày không có phụ nữ'	"Sau thất bại 'Ngày không có đàn ông' năm ngoái và những rắc rối gây ra trong lĩnh vực khai thác than, vệ sinh và thực thi pháp luật, các nhà giáo dục Bắc Carolina và Virginia đã ấp ủ một kế hoạch để tránh vấn đề tương tự xảy ra trong lĩnh vực giáo dục năm nay. Xe buýt trường học đã được vận chuyển các nhà giáo dục nam chuyển giới và mặc quần áo từ phương Tây để điền vào các vị trí sẽ bị bỏ trống trong buổi đi bộ của phụ nữ. ""Đây không phải là một quyết định được đưa ra một cách nhẹ nhàng,"" giám đốc trường, Alvin L. Crawley nói. ""nó không dựa trên lập trường hay lập trường đạo đức, chúng tôi chỉ cần giáo dục những đứa trẻ này."""	Fake
Education	Sinh viên thử nghiệm với máy bay không người lái hiện đại cho Ngày khoa học trẻ quốc gia 4-H	"Hơn 100.000 sinh viên K-12 từ khắp Hoa Kỳ đã thử nghiệm trạng thái mới của máy bay không người lái nghệ thuật trong ngày khoa học trẻ quốc gia 4-H ""Thử thách khám phá Drone"". Các sinh viên trẻ hơn đã làm việc trong các nhóm nhỏ để tìm hiểu hoạt động của các công nghệ máy bay không người lái mới, bao gồm một số tay đúng giờ với một số máy bay không người lái tiên tiến nhất trên thị trường hiện nay. Học sinh trung học có chiều sâu hơn, mã hóa cho các cảm biến từ xa được sử dụng trong chuyến bay không người lái. Họ phải kiểm tra kỹ năng mã hóa trên cảm biến từ xa trước khi có thể thử nghiệm trên một máy bay không người lái thực sự. Chỉ những sinh viên có kỹ năng mã hóa tốt nhất mới được thử nghiệm những sáng tạo của họ trên lĩnh vực không khí."	Fake
Education	Sinh viên thử nghiệm với máy bay không người lái cho Ngày khoa học trẻ quốc gia 4 giờ	"Hơn 100.000 sinh viên K-12 trên cả nước đã thử nghiệm kỹ thuật, mã hóa và thiết kế trong Ngày khoa học giới trẻ quốc gia 4-H ""Thử thách khám phá không người lái"" vào thứ Tư."	Legit
Education	Toronto hủy các chuyến đi đẳng cấp của Hoa Kỳ do lo ngại về việc đi lại của Trump	Hội đồng trường lớn nhất Canada đã cấm tất cả các chuyến đi thực địa trong tương lai tới Hoa Kỳ vì lo ngại rằng một số sinh viên có thể bị cuốn vào lệnh cấm du lịch của Tổng thống Donald Trump. Và một dàn hợp xướng nữ ở California vừa trở thành tổ chức mới nhất của Hoa Kỳ từ bỏ một chuyến đi nước ngoài vì lý do tương tự.	Legit
Education	Giáo viên này đã bắt tay cá nhân cho tất cả 40 học sinh của mình	Một giáo viên lớp 5 ở Charlotte, Bắc Carolina biết rằng giáo dục một mình không nhất thiết đủ để khiến học sinh của mình hào hứng đến lớp. Vì vậy, anh ấy sử dụng bắt tay cá nhân thay thế.	Legit
Education	Lựa chọn giáo dục của Trump có thể đối mặt với sự kháng cự bất thường	Các ứng cử viên cho thư ký giáo dục thường đã được thông qua thông qua xác nhận của Thượng viện với sự chấp thuận của lưỡng đảng.	Legit
Education	Google hủy bỏ tài trợ trong tương lai để thu hẹp khoảng cách giáo dục.	Ước tính có khoảng 130 triệu sinh viên trên toàn thế giới không có kỹ năng toán và đọc cơ bản. Cho đến ngày hôm nay, chín người được cấp đã được Google.org, tổ chức từ thiện của Google trao tặng một phần 50 triệu tiền trợ cấp, để giúp chống lại nạn mù chữ này. Google đã không đưa ra lời giải thích nào cho hành động này, khiến nhiều nước đang phát triển cố gắng sử dụng các công cụ học tập dựa trên công nghệ trong bóng tối. Do thiếu thông tin, các tổ chức đã nhận được tài trợ không chắc chắn liệu họ có bao giờ nhìn thấy tiền hay không. Google đã không trả lời ngay lập tức các yêu cầu bình luận.	Fake
Education	NGAY LẬP TỨC TUYỆT VỜI ĐƯỢC TUYỂN DỤNG ĐỂ HOÀN THÀNH CÁC VỊ TRÍ	Các quan chức ở một số bang, bao gồm Florida, Oklahoma và Arizona, đã dùng đến việc lấp đầy các vị trí giảng dạy với những người nhập cư bất hợp pháp khi các nhóm tuyển dụng truyền thống không thể có đủ ứng cử viên để đảm nhận nhiều vị trí còn trống, Viện Chính sách Học tập gần đây đưa tin. Theo Viện, tình trạng thiếu giáo viên trầm trọng và lan rộng đã khiến các khu học chánh bỏ qua nhiều yêu cầu thông thường và bắt đầu lấp chỗ trống với những công nhân, trong nhiều trường hợp thậm chí không thể bị kiểm tra lý lịch vì hệ thống không nhận tội phạm ở nước ngoài.	Fake
Education	Dinh dưỡng không ảnh hưởng đến kết quả học tập ở trẻ em, theo các chính trị gia	Ngân sách đề xuất của Tổng thống Donald Trump đã được công bố hôm qua, bao gồm nhiều cắt giảm đối với các chương trình được tài trợ trong nỗ lực bù đắp chi phí xây dựng bức tường dọc biên giới Hoa Kỳ với Mexico. Trong khi nhiều chương trình thực phẩm ở trường đã có tuổi đời hàng chục năm, một nghiên cứu cho thấy những học sinh bỏ qua các bữa ăn do nhà trường thực hiện ở mức tương đương hoặc tốt hơn so với các bạn đồng trang lứa, cho thấy các chương trình này vô ích hơn so với suy nghĩ trước đây.	Fake
Education	Trường học sử dụng công nghệ để cải thiện các lớp học thể dục	Giáo viên giáo dục thể chất tại trường trung học Parker đang nhận thấy một chút hối hả từ học sinh của họ.	Legit
Education	Đại học Colombia bắt một Steve Harvey ..	"Khi một ứng viên Trường Mailman của Đại học Colombia nhận được email nói rằng ""rất vui được chào đón"" cô ấy, cô ấy không thể tin được. ""Tôi đã rất phấn khích, tôi cảm thấy như mình sẽ ngất đi vì tất cả sự phấn khích. Tôi không biết mình nên khóc hay hét lên vì hạnh phúc"". Khoảnh khắc của cô chỉ kéo dài vài phút, khi cô nhận được một email khác giải thích rằng sự chấp nhận của cô đã có lỗi. ""Điều này mang lại những ký ức về khoảnh khắc phát thanh viên Steve Harvey đăng quang Hoa hậu Hoàn vũ sai lầm năm 2015, tôi không thể tin nó đã xảy ra với tôi"", cô nói. Cô không đơn độc vì có tới 276 sinh viên tương lai khác nhận được email ""sai"" tương tự. Đại học tuyên bố rằng điều này không xảy ra thường xuyên và họ sẽ xem xét lỗi email để giữ cho nó không xảy ra trong tương lai."	Fake
Education	Tổng thống Trump đang làm mưa cho rừng mưa	"Người bạn thân nhất của môi trường đã một lần nữa giữ đúng lời nói của mình và dành ra hơn 12 tỷ đô la để bảo tồn Rừng mưa. Trump cũng tiết lộ rằng văn phòng khoa học của DoE sẽ nhận được một khoản tiền không được tiết lộ để khám phá các mỏ khí đốt tự nhiên và các công nghệ liên quan của họ. Trong một tweet ngày hôm nay, POTUS đã viết ""Gas rất đẹp, tôi yêu khí. Có những điều tuyệt vời đến từ tất cả các loại khí. Chúng tôi sẽ khám phá khí đốt tự nhiên và mang lại lợi ích lớn."" Các nhà khoa học trên thế giới hoan nghênh Tổng thống Trump vì nỗ lực của ông tiếp tục tiến về phía trước trong lĩnh vực Khoa học và Công nghệ."	Fake
Education	Giáo viên Bắc Carolina đưa học sinh của mình vào băng đảng cá nhân.	Giáo viên lớp 5 Barry White Jr. tại trường Ashley Park Prek-8 có băng đảng riêng theo tài liệu của trường. Sau khi dạy cho các học sinh yêu thích của mình một 'cái bắt tay bí mật', Barry đã sử dụng mạng lưới những tên trộm học sinh ngổn ngang của mình, mục tiêu duy nhất ở trường là đánh cắp tất cả các giáo viên khác. Những gì đầu tiên có thể xảy ra như một trò đùa vô hại, đã phát triển thành một vụ án của Tòa án tối cao liên quan đến một cuộc xung đột lợi ích thay mặt ông White. Barry White Jr. là Giám đốc điều hành của White's Powder và người ta đã phát hiện ra rằng ông đã tận dụng mình trở thành nhà cung cấp duy nhất tất cả các phụ kiện rộng rãi cho nhà nước. Các cuộc điều tra đang diễn ra như thế nào đến nay mạng lưới sinh viên của ông đã lan rộng.	Fake
Education	Ngũ cốc lành mạnh Chiếm vị trí trên thực đơn trường học New York	Hệ thống trường công lập ở thành phố New York đã lặng lẽ thay thế các loại ngũ cốc ăn sáng do Công ty Kellogg sản xuất, titan có tên gần như đồng nghĩa với ngũ cốc, với những loại từ một tiểu bang mới nổi ở California có tên Back to the Roots.	Legit
Education	Các sinh viên sử dụng súng ăn mặc như đồ chơi tình dục và Đại học Texas để hỗ trợ Luật mang theo mở tại Đại học Texas	"Hàng trăm sinh viên sử dụng súng đã xuất hiện tại Đại học Texas-Austin vào thứ Tư này để thể hiện sự ủng hộ đối với luật che giấu mang tính tranh luận nóng bỏng của tiểu bang đã có hiệu lực vào thứ Tư. Luật pháp cho phép những người có giấy phép sử dụng súng ngắn giấu kín ít nhất 21 tuổi mang theo súng ngắn trong khuôn viên trường, bao gồm cả ký túc xá, phòng ăn, lớp học hoặc bất kỳ tòa nhà đại học nào khác. Trong một vòng xoắn bất thường, các sinh viên quyết định ""mặc"" vũ khí của họ như đồ chơi tình dục. Nguyên nhân? Theo Jared Jin, người tổ chức tuần hành, họ muốn cho mọi người thấy sự vô lý của những người tự do bằng cách ăn mặc súng như đồ chơi tình dục. ""Những người tự do tin rằng việc thúc đẩy lăng nhăng ở mọi nơi là ổn"", Jin tuyên bố. ""Tuy nhiên, họ sợ khi mọi người thực hiện các quyền theo hiến pháp cơ bản và muốn tự bảo vệ mình"", Jin nói."	Fake
Education	Một khởi đầu hỗn độn	Đó là một khởi đầu mạnh mẽ cho Bộ trưởng Giáo dục Betsy DeVos nhưng những người ủng hộ Trump nhìn thấy thành công. Bộ trưởng Giáo dục mới được đúc tiền Betsy DeVos đã có một khởi đầu đầy biến động trong nhiệm kỳ của mình trong chính quyền Trump.	Legit
Education	Khảo sát tìm ứng dụng đại học từ sinh viên quốc tế	Các trường cao đẳng và đại học ở Mỹ có thể chứng kiến sự sụt giảm mạnh về số lượng sinh viên quốc tế nếu số liệu ban đầu từ một cuộc khảo sát là một chỉ báo sớm về những gì sẽ đến.	Legit
Education	Học sinh STEM tạo ra chiến thắng	STREAMWOOD, Ill. (AP) - Một nhóm học sinh trường trung học Streamwood đã tạo ra một phát minh gây hứng thú cho các chủ nhà ở khắp mọi nơi - và làm các công ty điện lực lo lắng cùng một lúc. Những đứa trẻ đã tham gia cuộc thi Samsung Solve for Tomorrow, tham gia và chiến thắng với một tấm pin mặt trời mới có giá khoảng 100 nhưng có thể cung cấp năng lượng cho toàn bộ ngôi nhà - không cần tiếp quản mái nhà Cuộc thi đã giành chiến thắng trong cuộc thi cấp nhà nước nhằm khuyến khích giáo viên và học sinh giải quyết thực sự các vấn đề thế giới sử dụng các kỹ năng khoa học và toán học; 16 studens bây giờ sẽ cạnh tranh trong một cuộc thi quốc gia và, nếu thành công, có thể giành được giải thưởng lên tới 200.000.	Fake
Education	Khảo sát: Hầu hết sinh viên năm nhất không được chuẩn bị về mặt cảm xúc cho trường đại học	Học sinh trung học dành nhiều năm tham gia các lớp học sẽ giúp họ giải quyết sự khắc nghiệt của các khóa học đại học.	Legit
Entertainment	Rapper Wiz Khalifa sparks outrage for visit to Pablo Escobar's grave	American rap artist Wiz Khalifa has kicked up quite the controversy on his visit to Colombia. During a trip to perform at a festival in Medellin  the celebrity posted pictures to his Instagram account of him apparently paying tribute to the late Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar. The rapper posted one photo of colorful flowers at the grave's headstone. Wiz Khalifa also posted several photos of him smoking what appears to be marijuana near Escobar's grave  as well as a picture of him posing outside of a property -- site of a bombing and attempt on Escobar's life in the '80s -- formerly owned by the drug lord  who died in a shootout with authorities in Medellin in 1993.	Legit
Entertainment	We all know why the right is angry at Tomi Lahren	"Conservative darling-turned-pariah Tomi Lahren is getting a crash course on what the right thinks of women. Lahren  a 24-year-old known for her video monologues delivered in a brash  self-aggrandizing tone  rose to quick prominence within right-wing media. She's young  blond  opinionated and conservative  and unafraid to use sex appeal as a cudgel. ""It seems feminists are all about freedom of expression so long as the females are overweight or transgender  she says in one video. Being a young, attractive, conservative woman also gave her cover to make the kind of startlingly cruel comments that would have sunk other careers -- suggesting, for example, that Syrian refugees fleeing for their lives (and the lives of their children) were cowards who wouldn't stay to defend their country. Americans stand up and fight for faith  family and freedom  reads the text overlaid on an image of herself, which she tweeted. Syrians run away."""	Legit
Entertainment	"""Walking Dead"" star Lauren Cohan says cast holds ""Death Dinners"""	"Lauren Cohen, star of AMC's ""Walking Dead"" says that her cast members have a unique way of bonding. ""We like to have fake funerals for our fellow cast members. We pretend they aren't in the room and say share memories, jokes and reminesce about the person. IYou could say we have a sick sense of humor."""	Fake
Entertainment	Katy Perry pays tribute to fan killed in an auto accident	"Katy Perry has paid special tribute to an 18-year-old superfan who died in a car accident. According to ABC affiliate KTBS-TV in Shreveport  Louisiana  18-year-old Katie Bell died this past weekend when she lost control of her car and collided head-on with another vehicle. The other driver was also killed. ""We see you angel and we love and will miss you  Perry tweeted on Tuesday morning. KC's  light a candle for Katie. Rest In Peace."" She included one of Bell's videos in her tweet. News of Bell's death apparently inspired the hashtag #RIPKatycatKatie -- Perry fans call themselves ""KatyCats"" -- and Perry herself took notice. To further honor Bell  Perry changed her name on her Twitter profile to Bell's hashtag."	Legit
Entertainment	 Michelle Pfeiffer says she's 'more open' to work now that her children are grown	"Michelle Pfeiffer is juggling a much busier schedule these days. Speaking with director Darren Aronofsky for Interview magazine  she said her Hollywood career was put on the back burner after she had children  but she's now ready to get back in the game. ""I've never lost my love for acting. I feel really at home on the movie set. I'm a more balanced person honestly when I'm working  Pfeiffer told Aronofsky. But I was pretty careful about where I shot  how long I was away  whether or not it worked with the kids' schedule. And I got so picky that I was unhirable."" She's now an ""empty nester  she said; her daughter Claudia Rose Pfeiffer is 24 and son John Henry Kelley is 22. This has given her the ability to take on more roles. This year, she'll be seen in HBO's The Wizard of Lies"" alongside Robert De Niro  Aronofsky's ""Mother!"" and an adaptation of Agatha Christie's ""Murder on the Orient Express  which will also star Johnny Depp, Josh Gad and Penelope Cruz. She also starred in the indie film Where Is Kyra?"" which premiered earlier this year."	Legit
Entertainment	Burn Baby Burn! George Michael portrait bought at auction by Anti-Gay Orlando Baptist Protesters goes up in flames!	" Like the Westboro Baptists, the Orlando Baptist group couldn't pass up a chance to dance on a gravestone. A portrait of the late George Michael by artist Damien Hirst has sold for just under half a million pounds at a charity auction last week by the group, who promptly set it on fire as the centerpiece to their hate bonfire. An apparent protest over the late singers death and glorification was staged directly opposite the street from the late singers public memorial. ""Once a flamer always a flamer"" read one sign. But George Michael may have gotten the last laugh in an ironic twist the church not only bought the painting but were unaware the money was going not in the gallery of Mr. Hirsts deep pockets but instead The money raised from the sale of Beautiful Beautiful George Michael Love Painting will go to HIV/Aids charity The Goss-Michael Foundation. The charity was founded by Michael and his former partner Kenny Goss. Goss posted an image of the artwork on Instagram writing: ""Amazing result of $580 000 (around £461 011)."" He described Damien Hirst as a ""superstar"" adding: ""Thank you Damien!"" The canvas went under the hammer in Dallas Texas at the MTV Re:define charity gala. Michael who enjoyed a lucrative pop career as one half of duo Wham before embarking on a successful solo career died on Christmas Day last year at the age of 53."""	Fake
Entertainment	Bill O'Reilly apologizes after making racially charged joke about congresswoman	"Fox News host Bill O'Reilly apologized Tuesday after coming under fire for mocking a black congresswoman's hair. During an appearance on ""Fox & Friends  O'Reilly reacted to a clip of Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) delivering a speech on the floor of the House of Representatives. I didn't hear a word she said  O'Reilly said of Waters. I was looking at the James Brown wig."" ""If we have a picture of James Brown -- it's the same wig  he added. The remarks were widely denounced as both racist and sexist on Twitter, where O'Reilly's name was trending Tuesday morning and afternoon. In a statement Tuesday afternoon, O'Reilly expressed regret for the remarks. As I have said many times  I respect Congresswoman Maxine Waters for being sincere in her beliefs  he said. I said that again today on Fox & Friends calling her 'old school.' Unfortunately  I also made a jest about her hair which was dumb. I apologize."""	Legit
Entertainment	Chris Pratt responds to body shamers telling him he is gaunt and sickly looking	Big or small Chris Pratt has definitely heard it all, the Guardians of the Universe star 37 is not taking the latest rumors that he is sickly lying down.  Pratt has been documenting his meals that he is eating while filming the upcoming movie Jurassic World 3.  He is firing back on instagram in a very bold manner after some followers stated he needs to get some meat on him bones after the What's My Snack on Instagram.   Some stated he looks like a skeleton and needs help fast.  Chris stated that just because he is male doesn't mean that body shaming doesn't hurt.	Fake
Entertainment	 Alec Baldwin says he nearly passed on playing Donald Trump on 'SNL'	"Alec Baldwin has revealed that he almost passed on playing Donald Trump on ""Saturday Night Live."" The actor told Vanity Fair for its April cover story that he originally passed on ""SNL"" producer Lorne Michaels' offer to play Trump but changed his mind after a film role fell through. ""I was supposed to do a film. And the people who were doing the film were supposed to escrow money to guarantee that I would get paid  he said in a video accompanying the cover story. And they didn't put the money in escrow. And that's when I hung up and said I'm not going to go do the movie and I'm going to go do the thing with Lorne. And I think to myself  'What if I hadn't done that?' ... It's turned out to be this incredible opportunity."" Baldwin's impression has been so popular that he has parlayed it into an upcoming satirical book and made his record 17th appearance as host of ""SNL"" earlier this year. He talks about playing Trump  working with ""SNL"" stars Kate McKinnon and Tina Fey  and starring in the best role of his life in his new memoir ""Nevertheless  due out next month. Vanity Fair published an exclusive excerpt."	Legit
Entertainment	Ex-Fox News CFO will not have immunity in Roger Ailes investigation	"""The federal investigation stemming from sexual harassment allegations made against former Fox News chief Roger Ailes took a dramatic turn on Tuesday with a report that prosecutors will deny any immunity to the Fox News CFO. Mark Kranz Fox News' chief financial officer until his retirement last August has been offered immunity from prosecution in exchange for his cooperation with the investigation two sources with knowledge of the matter confirmed to CNNMoney.  However, these offers have been pulled after the CFO refused to show at court dates. The investigation centers on questions about whether 21st Century Fox misled investors by hiding payments to Fox News employees who alleged that they were sexually harassed by Ailes. As CFO Kranz was directly involved in preparing the company's financial statements and is thus potentially a key witness in the investigation the sources said. Kranz's lawyer declined to comment on the matter. Spokespeople for the Department of Justice and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York which is handling the investigation also declined to comment."""	Fake
Entertainment	Emma Thompson felt 'too fat' to live in LA	"British actress Emma Thompson has said she never moved to Los Angeles because she felt she was deemed ""too fat"" when she visited. ""It is a strange place and I couldn't live there  she told Swedish chat show Skavlan. The Oscar winner also condemned the pressure on actresses to be thin. The anorexia - there are so many kids  girls and boys now  and actresses who are very  very thin  who are into their 30s  [and] simply don't eat  she said. The star also revealed she threatened to quit working on 2008 film Brideshead Revisited in reaction to a co-star who had been told to shed the pounds. She said: The producers said to her  'Will you lose some weight?'. She was absolutely exquisite. ""I said to them  'If you speak to her about this again  on any level  I will leave this picture. You are never to do that'."	Legit
Entertainment	What to expect from Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds' public memorial:	"""On Friday a select few will get a chance to say farewell to Carrie Fisher and her mother Debbie Reynolds who died ten days apart early in March. The memorial will be held at the Atheist National Temple at 7 a.m. ET. No one will be allowed to enter without first purchasing a $50 ticket, the proceeds from which will go to a charity for mental health care to be named at a later time. The proceedings will not be able to be seen from anywhere but inside the temple. Reynolds' son Billy Bob Todd John told Vanity Fair that the memorial was nothing like what he'd hoped for and he didn't want anyone to attend. ""She hated her fans and hated spectacle. She would be ashamed of this display."""	Fake
Entertainment	Sienna Miller praises script for new role	Sienna Miller has high praise for the director and script writer of her new film - Lost City of Z. She plays the role of loyal and supportive wife to Amazon explorer Percy Fawcett (played by Charlie Hunnam), who searches for a mysterious lost city in this adaptation of a true story. Her sense of commonality with the character led her to present the director with a hand copied segment of the script, which the director subsequently framed as a testament to Sienna.	Fake
Entertainment	Elvis Costello Blasts Kanyne Over Album Re Release	In an interview with BBC 6 Costello commented that the very idea of Kanyne attempting to redo Sir Paul McCartney's work was as disgusting as a dirty nappy and just as appealing. Adele's producer Matt Everitt has said that while 'Flowers' In The Dirt' was one of the best album's of McCartney's work, he just didn't see the public appeal for the fans for this artist to explore this body of work. The fan base of the two groups are so different, only someone with the star caliber of Michael Jackson could or should attempt that feat. Perhaps Kanye should approach the Prince estate and offer to buy some of his unpublished works.	Fake
Entertainment	He is  not very familiar with winning awards for his music production or singer-songwriter skills, but what people do know about Pharrell Williams early life is basically nothing. He had no hopes and dreams and music just fell into his lap. He will be producing a movie remake but will likely have someone else finish it for him.	"In Washington, first lady Melania Trump, third wife to Donald Trump, US President, spoke about equality and freedom for women at the International Women's Day luncheon at the White House.  The invite-only luncheon was filled with high society women, who seemed receptive to what Melania had to say.  Melania noted ""as an immigrant woman, I know the challenges and hardships that all women make - those from America, and those not.""  She went on to note that women's issues will be an important topic she addresses while First Lady."	Fake
Entertainment	Tomb Raider: First pic of Alicia Vikander as Lara Croft released	"It's dusty work being a Tomb Raider  as the first picture of Alicia Vikander as Lara Croft reveals. The Swedish Oscar-winner takes over from Angelina Jolie in the latest film to be drawn from the popular video game franchise. Described as a reboot  the film is said to be an origins tale drawn from the plot of the Tomb Raider game released in 2013. Directed by the fabulously named Roar Uthaug  it's due out in March 2018. Vikander  who won an Oscar for The Danish Girl  describes Lara as ""a truly iconic character"" who acts as ""a model for many young women"". ""She's trying to carve out her place in the world and connect her future with her past  the 28-year-old told Vanity Fair. Norwegian director Uthaug said the film - which also stars Dominic West as Croft's father - would focus not only on Lara's strength and physical accomplishments but her humanity""."	Legit
Entertainment	Michelle Pfeiffer says she's 'looking towards rest and relaxation' now that her children are grown	"""Michelle Pfeiffer"" is now enjoying lots of free time nowadays. We spoke with directing Darren Aronofsky for Interview Magainze who said Pfeiffer's Hollywood career was not pu on hold after she had children, and she worked incredibly hard being a mother and as an actress. But now that they've grown up, she's decided that she needs a long vacation. ""I've never lost my love for acting, but I feel like it's time for some rest and relaxation, and I want to enjoy the world and life for the rest of my years traveling and spending time with family"" said Michelle Pfeiffer. Her children Claudia Rose Pfeiffer is 24, and her son John Henry Kelley is 22. This year, Michelle Pfeiffer won't star in any television shows or films. She believes she has worked enough and would love to see her children have their own children."	Fake
Entertainment	Reese Witherspoon and Husband argue over son's education	"Actress Reese Witherspoon and her husband were overheard having a heated discussion in a LA coffee shop about their son, Tennessee's, future education. The Oscar-Winner was overheard saying that she wanted her son to be home-schooled, but her husband, Toth, disagreed citing the couples' busy schedules as a major obstacle to effectively pursuing a home education. Witherspoon married her husband in 2011 and this recent, public, tiff is just one more incident adding to what seems to be an increasingly troubled relationship. Recently tweeting, ""Miss this little man so much when I'm working!"" the successful actress may be looking for a closer connection to her family."	Fake
Entertainment	'DWTS': First couple eliminated is...	"The first celeb booted from ""Dancing With the Stars"" was criticized for being ""so stiff."" Unfortunately Chris Kattan can't help that because of a crippling injury in his past. The former ""SNL"" star shared in a video on the show Monday night that he had broken his neck 14 years ago and has had multiple surgeries since then which affect his range of motion. ""Part of what I used to do was physical comedy  but now I can't  Kattan said with tears in his eyes. It's really sad when somebody says  'I miss the old Chris.' That sucks to hear."" His dance partner  Witney Carson  was also moved to tears after Kattan showed her an x-ray of his back with all the surgical pins he has. ""It's crazy that somebody can have that happen to them  and then be brave enough to try something like this  she said."	Legit
Entertainment	 Shailene Woodley reaches deal to avoid jail over pipeline protest	US actress Shailene Woodley has reached a plea deal over her involvement in the protest against the Dakota Access oil pipeline. Woodley  star of the Divergent series  was one of 27 people arrested at the site last October. She has now signed a document agreeing to plead guilty to misdemeanour disorderly conduct  which would mean she would avoid jail. The pipeline project has been highly controversial and drawn huge protests. Native Americans say it will desecrate sacred land and damage the environment.	Legit
Entertainment	 Olivia Newton-John hints at possible reunion with John Travolta for 40th anniversary of 'Grease'	"Good news for fans hopelessly devoted to ""Grease"" stars John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John. Newtwon-John told Britain's The Mirror that a reunion could be in the works next year to mark the 1978 film's 40th anniversary. The Australian actress and singer  68  confirmed that she and Travolta have been discussing ideas for a reunion  but she didn't divulge any details. Speaking ahead of the Fame Awards at Hard Rock Live in Las Vegas  where she was receiving the Icon Award  Newton-John told The Mirror  ""We are thinking up ways. Nothing to announce yet."" ""Forty years anniversary of 'Grease ' which I can't believe  she continued. Time goes so fast. It is so exciting."" Marking the 40th anniversary could be one of Newton-John's last performances before she retires from 50 years in show business. ""As time goes on I think of doing less and having more time off  she said. But it wouldn't be the first time the thought has crossed her mind. Every year for the last 20 years  I thought I was retiring and then somebody would say  'How about this?' and it's like  'Oh  that looks fun ' or 'How about this?'"" Newton-John admitted. ""Things that I would never think about."""	Legit
Entertainment	 Sean Spicer tells reporter to 'stop shaking your head'	"White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told a reporter to ""stop shaking your head"" during an exchange at his daily press briefing Tuesday. Spicer appeared annoyed by April Ryan  Washington bureau chief for American Urban Radio Networks  when she asked what President Trump's administration would do to revamp its image following reports of its ties to Russia. Spicer objected to the premise  saying: ""I appreciate your agenda here. At some point  report the facts."" He said there has been no proven collusion between Trump associates and Russian officials over interference in last year's election  quipping that ""if the president put Russian salad dressing on his salad tonight  somehow that's a Russian connection."" Spicer said Ryan appeared ""hell-bent"" on projecting her own image of the White House when she asked what Trump might be doing to repair a relationship with former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice  who did not support his campaign and was meeting with the president later this week. ""Please stop shaking your head again  Spicer said to Ryan. He said the president was fulfilling a promise to build bridges with both supporters and opponents."	Legit
Entertainment	"""Dancing With the Stars"": First couple won the dancing competition"	"On ""Dancing With the Stars"" the first celeb couple won every round eventhough at times were judged harshly. In spite of Chris Kattan crippling injury from his past. Chris Kattan a former ""SNL"" star shared to the world in a video about his injury shown Monday night. He suffer an arm injury 10 years ago. Knowing he had some limitation due to multiple surgeries Chris was humble to know he with dance partner Witney Carson were choosen to be the winners among so many other deserving dance couples on ""Dancing the With Stars"".  Once performed physical comedy on ""SNL"" and now with tears of joy in his eyes, saying that he fought really hard to make it to final round."	Fake
Entertainment	First negative reactions to 'Pirates of the Caribbean 5' at CinemaCon	"""The Walt Disney Studios unveiled the fourth installment in their ""Pirates of the Caribbean"" franchise ""Dead Men Tell No Tales"" Wednesday night at CinemaCon in Las Vegas. Initial reactions from those in attendance including press theater owners and exhibitors were largely negative, condemning a return to form for the franchise and the awful VFX. Official reviews are under embargo until May 22. The swashbuckling film sees the return of Johnny Depp as Captain Jack Sparrow and Geoffrey Rush as Barbossa and introduces a new young cast including Brenton Thwaites and Kaya Scodelario. Javier Bardem plays a ghostly villain with a vengeance as they all search for the trident of Poseidon on the high seas. Orlando Bloom also returns as Will Sparrow who hasn't been in a ""Pirates"" film since 2007's ""At World's End."" ""Dead Men Tell No Tales"" is the first ""Pirates"" film since 2011's ""On Stranger Tides"" and the first to be directed by Joachim R?nning and Espen Sandberg. To date the franchise has grossed over $3.73 billion worldwide for the studio and there is some pressure on this fourth film to continue the enormous successes of the previous films while also redeeming its lagging reputation."""	Fake
Entertainment	 Is Huck really dead on 'Scandal?'	"Don't bury him just yet Gladiators. The actor who plays Huck on ""Scandal"" has some words of hope for fans who were upset about last week's cliffhanger episode in which his character was shot multiple times. Guillermo Diaz is cautioning folks to remember ""Scandal"" is often full of surprises. The actor told entmt Tonight that the script in which Meg shot Huck ""just blew me away -- no pun intended."" ""My reaction was I was in complete and utter disbelief but excited too  he said. It's such a great script  it's so juicy! As an actor I was just thrilled."" Diaz said the show's creator Shonda Rhimes can be credited with bringing so much excitement."	Legit
Entertainment	NYC apartment with David Bowie's piano will rent for $10,000.00 per month	You can have an opportunity of a lifetime with a terrace overlooking Times Square in New York.  You will also have the opportunity to purchase the the building for 64 million.  This building was once owned by David and his lovely wife Iman.  This is a great deal and was put on the market Monday.  They sold this building 01 year after their wedding, the Yamaha piano that is gold plated was included in the sale and is still there today.  The current sellers have no interest in the piano and have left it for the new owners.  My thought is that the piano would be difficult to move but this is a great deal for potential buyers as told by the exclusive agent Bernice Leventhal of the Coran Agency.  The 1,778 square-foot home is not being used by the current owners.  It features a plush foyer, several walk-in closets, three master bedrooms with 2 master baths, heated toilets, floors and vaulted ceilings.  This is a wonderful place to call home.	Fake
Entertainment	 NYC apartment featuring David Bowie's piano on the market for $6.5 million	"The chance to play the late David Bowie's piano while enjoying unobstructed views of Central Park in a New York City apartment could be yours for $6.495 million. A three-bedroom  two-and-a-half-bath apartment once owned by Bowie and his wife  Iman  went on the market on Monday. The couple sold the apartment  located in the Essex House on Central Park South  in 2002  10 years after they wed. Bowie's Yamaha piano was included in the 2002 sale and has remained in the apartment ever since. The current sellers  who did not buy the apartment from Bowie and Iman  are keeping the tradition alive by including the piano in the listing price. ""I would imagine it is hard to move but I think it's really a great catch for buyers  the apartment's exclusive agent, Bernice Leventhal of the Corcoran Group, told ABC News. The 1,877-square-foot home is used as a pied-à-terre by its current owners. It features a limestone foyer, walk-in closet, two master-sized bedrooms and a master bath with a rain shower and heated floors."	Legit
Entertainment	Rapper Wiz Khalifa suprises his critics with his comments when visiting Pablo Escobar's grave	America rap artist Wiz Khalifa typically kicks up controversy and negative criticism with his public antics. However, this was not the case when he visited the late Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar's property and burial place. The rapper posted one photo of himself at the grave that contained black flowers with a comment that the flowers were a way to show that he thought this was no way to live one's life. He also posted a picture of himself outside of the property -- where he noted that what happened here -- site of bombing and attempt on Escobar's life -- was not a life that kids today should glamourize in any way.	Fake
Entertainment	 'Bates Motel' slashes into 'Psycho' in final season	"There's a fine line between creative risk-taking and sacrilege when dealing with well-known properties. While ""Bates Motel"" might not have committed the latter  it has seemingly sacrificed the right to bill itself as a prequel to ""Psycho."" The A&E series always appeared to come with a built-in expiration date  facing the danger of running out of real estate as it chewed through story related to Alfred Hitchcock's 1960 horror classic. The contemporary setting also made the proceedings less spooky  what with cellphones and other modern devices that alter the dynamics of  say  being alone in the basement with a murderer dressed like his mom. Still  the announcement of a fifth and final season that would overlap with the movie actually created some excitement: after an ill-advised remake  this offered an alternate window into the story  including how these events unfolded from the perspective of Norman/Norma Bates."	Legit
Entertainment	 Demi Lovato does a perfect teen impression	"Demi Lovato does  like  a totally legit impression of a teen. Lovato appeared on ""The Tonight Show"" Monday night an took part in Jimmy Fallon's reoccurring ""Ew!"" skit. The requirements included wearing a ridiculously sparkly top  pigtails and locking lips with a pillow plastered with singer Ed Sheeran's face. The pillow was dubbed a ""crush cushion"" by Fallon's character in the skit. While Lovato practiced her smooching skills with her Sheeran pillow  Fallon puckered up to a pillow featuring ""Extra"" host Mario Lopez's face."	Legit
Entertainment	Chris Pratt responds to body shamers telling him he's too thin	"Big or small  Chris Pratt has heard it all. These days  the ""Guardians of the Galaxy"" star  37  is taking flak for being too thin  but he's not taking it lying down. Pratt  who has been documenting the healthy snacks he's eating while filming ""Jurassic World 2"" in a series of ""What's My Snack"" Instagram videos  fired back -- in his usual tongue-in-cheek manner -- after some followers apparently suggested he looked too thin. ""So many people have said I look too thin in my recent episodes of #WHATSMYSNACK  he wrote on Instagram Thursday. Some have gone as far as to say I look 'skeletal.' Well  just because I am a male doesn't mean I'm impervious to your whispers. Body shaming hurts."""	Legit
Entertainment	Will Smith reunites with Fresh Prince Pals to Make New Show	"Will Smith is back together with the cast of The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, but this time it is to make a new prime-time show based on the classic 90's sitcom. Taping is set to begin in late summer. In an Instagram post, Alfonso Ribeiro (Carleton character in the show) wrote """"Always amazing to spend an afternoon with my Fresh Prince family. ""Wishing that James Avery was still with us to make this complete."" Avery, who played the character of Uncle Phil, died in 2013. ""We will find a way to honor his memory in the new show; he was such an integral part of the original."" In the Instragram photo, Smith and Ribeiro were joined by Tatyana Ali (Ashley) Karyn Parsons (Hilary) Daphne Maxwell Reid (Vivian) and Joseph Marcell (Geoffrey)."""	Fake
Entertainment	Elton John decided not to celebrate his 70th birthday and remained home	"""Elton John dislikes parties so he didn't celebrate his 70th birthday on Saturday night. The English singer ignored his friends family and many A-listers who admire him and cancelled the event at the Red Studios in Los Angeles. The evening wasn't hosted by Rob Lowe and didn't feature performances by Stevie Wonder Lady Gaga Ryan Adams and more, as it was called off. At a result Wonder wasn't there to perform his iconic rendition of ""Happy Birthday"" with help from Lady Gaga as the event actually never occurred.  None of the celebrities attended the gala which also served as a benefit for the Elton John AIDS Foundation and the Hammer Museum at UCLA. Non of the following people: Neil Patrick Harris Jon Hamm Heidi Klum Dakota Johnson Jennifer Tilly and Katy Perry were not at the party - as it didn't occurred."""	Fake
Entertainment	 Sir Paul McCartney on Lennon	"Kanye and his own musical legacy  ""Sir Paul McCartney's final album of the '80s  Flowers in the Dirt  is regarded as one of his best of the decade. He teamed up with new musicians  new producers and a new songwriting partner in the form of Elvis Costello and it inspired his first world tour in 10 years. Now  as the record is re-released  complete with previously unheard demos  Sir Paul speaks to BBC 6 Music's Matt Everitt about collaborating with Costello  Kanye West and Michael Jackson - but why he'll never work with anyone better than John Lennon. Sir Paul also reveals he's working on a new album with Adele's producer  and what he thinks his musical legacy will be."	Legit
Entertainment	 What to expect from Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds' public memorial	"On Saturday  the public gets a chance to say a final farewell to Carrie Fisher and her mother  Debbie Reynolds  who died one day apart late in December. The memorial will be held at the Hall of Liberty at Forest Lawn Cemetery Hollywood Hills at 1 p.m. PT. Fans can attend on a first-come  first-served basis  and when the hall fills up  they'll be able to stand outside and watch the service on screens. Can't make it to California? The whole thing will be live-streamed on Reynolds' website. Reynolds' son  Todd Fisher  told Variety not long ago that the memorial was what his mother would have wanted. ""She was very connected to her fans and felt they were a part of her  he said. Todd Fisher also said that a video of a song that James Blunt wrote as a tribute to his sister will be released on the day of the memorial. Blunt and Carrie Fisher were good friends; before he found fame with his hit You're Beautiful  he actually lived with her. It might rip your heart out  Fisher said of the song."	Legit
Entertainment	 Pharrell the musical: Coming to a screen near you	"He's familiar as an award-winning music producer and singer-songwriter but what is known about Pharrell Williams' early life? If the answer is ""not much""  that could soon change as Williams' youth is to inspire a big-screen musical  according to The Hollywood Reporter. Williams  43  will produce Atlantis - described as Romeo and Juliet with songs. Broadway director Michael Mayer will act as the project's guiding hand. Mayer is best known for productions such Spring Awakening  for which he won a Tony award  as well as American Idiot  based on the music of Green Day. Atlantis' writer will be Martin Hynes  who is currently working on the fourth Toy Story film."	Legit
Entertainment	First reactions to 'Pirates of the Caribbean 5' at CinemaCon	"The Walt Disney Studios unveiled the fifth installment in their ""Pirates of the Caribbean"" franchise ""Dead Men Tell No Tales"" Tuesday night at CinemaCon in Las Vegas. Initial reactions from those in attendance  including press  theater owners and exhibitors  were largely positive  celebrating a return to form for the franchise and the well-done VFX. Official reviews are under embargo until May 22. The swashbuckling film sees the return of Johnny Depp as Captain Jack Sparrow and Geoffrey Rush as Barbossa and introduces a new young cast including Brenton Thwaites and Kaya Scodelario. Javier Bardem plays a ghostly villain with a vengeance as they all search for the trident of Poseidon on the high seas. Orlando Bloom also returns as Will Sparrow  who hasn't been in a ""Pirates"" film since 2007's ""At World's End."" ""Dead Men Tell No Tales"" is the first ""Pirates"" film since 2011's ""On Stranger Tides"" and the first to be directed by Joachim R?nning and Espen Sandberg. To date  the franchise has grossed over $3.73 billion worldwide for the studio  and there is some pressure on this fifth film to continue the enormous successes of the previous films while also redeeming its lagging reputation."	Legit
Entertainment	London's Channel 4 to be privatized	"Plans to privatize Channel 2 have received the go ahead according to Culture Secretary Karen Bradley.  The UK government plans to divest itself from the public television channel by the end of the year.  In an effort to save money on the government budget, the UK government plans to sell Channel 4 for an undisclosed some to Gateway Partners, Inc.  Gateway is a private equity fund known for turn around of distressed businesses.  Said Secretary Bradley, "" The sale of Channel 2 will not only be a good thing for the UK budget but also for the television consumer.  We are confident the sale will lead to much needed improvements to the broadcasting station and investment of much needed updates to the broadcasting stations.""  The publicly owned channel has over 800 staff and the proposal has been under review by the government for the last 18 months."	Fake
Entertainment	Shailene Woodley to lead hunger strike in jail over pipeline	US actress Shailene Woodley has announced to fellow inmates and guards of a North Dakota jail that she will lead a hunger strike against the Dakota Access oil pipeline. Woodley is the start of the Divergent Series. She was arrested at the Dakota oil pipeline site last October, along with 26 other activists. Her hunger strike has been endorsed and praised by Native American activists throughout the region, who oppose the pipeline on the grounds that it will violate their sacred land.	Fake
Entertainment	Planet Earth canceled after Bafta scandal	Despite its early success, the BBC One nature documentary Planet Earth II, expected to be nominated for several Craft Awards, has left the network after an undisclosed conflict with BBC. An unnamed source at BBC confirmed that Planet Earth's executive producer made racist remarks in a private meeting, resulting in the withdrawal of all nine of their nominations. Planet Earth's executive producer has declined to comment and has since deleted his Twitter account. Current front runners in the Craft Awards include Netflix's The Crown and BBC's The Night Manager.	Fake
Entertainment	How 'Bones' bred a new generation of female scientists	"Fox's ""Bones"" is coming to an end on Tuesday having produced 246 episodes of often-gory crime cases  cracked by a team led by the brilliant Dr. Temperance Brennan (Emily Deschanel). For some female viewers of the long-running series  the show has been about much more than entmt; it's encouraged them to pursue a career in science. Morgan O. John is one of them. She's a ""bonehead"" -- a term of endearment used by fans of the show to describe themselves as a collective -- but also anything but. The 22-year-old is just months away from completing a double major in anthropology and French at Texas Christian University in Fort Worth  Texas. Growing up in what she describes as "" a very  very  very  isolated rural town in Southwest Louisiana  many head to work or the nearest community college after graduating from high school and live quiet  uncomplicated"" lives."	Legit
Entertainment	Sad Slasher Fans Adored A&E Series 'Bates Motel'	The brilliant A&E production of 'Bates Motel' is headed for the history books after a thrilling run that delighted its millions of fans. Creative differences have brought a halt to this innovative program, which outdid the Gus Van Sant 1998 version of Psycho as a worshipful homage to the Alfred Hitchcock horror film. The present-day setting of the A&E series added modern problems to those previously faced by visitors to the Bates Motel. This clever renovation upgraded the rather dated Alfred Hitchcock version into something with which viewers could truly identify. The acting was also superior to the rather flat, colorless, old version. Luckily, there's still one more season in the can, so the fun's not over yet. We'll all be sad to see this great series end!	Fake
Entertainment	Jake Gyllenhaal reticent on topic of his relationship with Ryan Reynolds	"Jake Gyllenhaal was interviewed last week by Michael Strahan about his new romantic comedy film, ""Loaf"", which co-stars his rival Ryan Reynolds. Ryan plays Dr. David Jordan, the romantic interest of Gyllenhaal's character in this tale of Mars and Venus. The character was inexperienced as a doctor and felt out of his element in this new relationship and in his new profession. Gyllenhaal described Ryan's character as a romantic who refused to be brought down to earth no matter how things are going in this country or in the world today. Each character believes he has his feet on the ground, but both are prone to flying off into outer space when things get tough and they must face life in a war-torn area that feels like living on Mars with a Venusian partner. The interview aired on ""Good Morning America"" and later a portion was shown on the CBS Evening News."	Fake
Entertainment	DEMI LOVATO TAKES AIM AT HER TEEN FANS ON 'THE TONIGHT SHOW'	Demi Lovato appeared on Jimmy Fallon's Tonight Show and did a complete roast of her teen fans. Lovato dressed in a sequinned top, pigtails, and pretended to make out with a pillow with fellow singer Ed Sheeran's face on it. During Lovato's act, Fallon responded by kissing a pillow featuring Extra's Mario Lopez.	Fake
Entertainment	Chrissy Teigen	"Patricia Arquette and more react to United Airlines leggings incident  ""After United Airlines barred two girls from boarding a flight this weekend because they were wearing leggings  which the company said is part of their policy for relatives and friends of employees who travel for free on standby  actors and activists have taken to social media to criticize the airline's choices in the incident. Activist Shannon Watts first tweeted the incident early Sunday  writing  ""A @united gate agent isn't letting girls in leggings get on flight from Denver to Minneapolis because spandex is not allowed?"" Watts is a mother of five and the founder of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America. After major news outlets picked up reports of the incident in Denver  a spokesman for the airline confirmed the report to ABC News  adding that two teens weren't allowed on the flight because leggings are ""not in compliance with dress code policy for company benefit travel  a program that lets the airline's workers and their families travel for free, but within certain guidelines. There are different rules for these privileges because people are flying for free  the spokesperson added."	Legit
Entertainment	Teen with cancer dies before Beyonce fulfills student's last wish.	"Last night, a sad group of students from Alief Hastings High School organized a candlelight vigil in the band practice lot in honor of one of their own graduates, Ebony Banks, a former member of the color guard. Ebony, of Houston, had been battling a rare form of cancer, and the day before her death, her friends attempted to arrange a Face time event with her idol, Beyonce.  Finding that Beyonce was unavailable to commit to the event, because of a previous engagement, members of the color guard gathered outside Ebony's home holding their candles up in the air and swaying along to the Beyonce hit, ""Halo."" Ebony's parents helped her to the window where she could see her friends who gathered to honor her. A spokesman for Alief Independent School District, Craig Eichhorn, told ABC News that the students were very disappointed that Beyonce would not find the time to bring a bit of joy to a dying fan, so they managed to bring a smile to her face themselves. Eichhorn also confirmed that Banks had passed away hours later."	Fake
Entertainment	 Planet Earth leads field with nine Bafta Craft nominations	Planet Earth II was a hit with viewers when it aired last year - and now it seems to have wowed Bafta as well. The BBC One nature documentary has received nine nominations ahead of its annual Craft Awards  which celebrate behind the scenes talent in television. Netflix drama The Crown follows with seven nominations  while the BBC's The Night Manager gets six. The winners will be announced on 23 April  three weeks ahead of the Bafta Television Awards on 14 May. Here's a rundown of which programmes are up for what.	Legit
Entertainment	 Scarlett Johansson opens up about 'Ghost in the Shell'	"Actress Scarlett Johansson opened up about her new film  ""Ghost in the Shell  addressing the controversy surrounding her being cast as the heroine and discussing the difficulties of being a woman in Hollywood, in an interview with Good Morning America"" anchor Michael Strahan that aired today. Johansson said that when ""Ghost in the Shell"" was first brought to her attention it ""seemed incredibly daunting  adding that her daughter was still very young, and my head space was not at all like  in the 'Ghost in the Shell.'"" ""But I thought  gosh  it's really hard to turn down the opportunity to be front and center for something that has such a built-in fanbase that's like  so dedicated and totally obsessed  the actress said. And also  you know  to be able to have the studio back something like this  Johansson added, as an actor ... as a woman  it's rare. I hope it's not always so rare  but it is."""	Legit
Entertainment	Fat shaming kept Emma Thompson out of Los Angeles	"Despite her fame as an actress, Emma Thompson never moved to Los Angeles, where the Hollywood elite work and buy expensive homes in gated communities.  Why?  Because she felt she was too fat.  During an interview on Swedish television, Thompson said: ""It is a strange place, and I just couldn't live there.""  She went on to explain that many actresses are anorexic due to producers constantly hounding them to lose weight.  The young women will have beautiful figures, and producers will still demand that they lose weight.  They simply don't eat so they can find work.  Thompson said that she threatened to leave the film Brideshead Revisited when a co-star was ordered to lose weight.  She said that producer fat shaming is now being directed at even kids and boys and men are not immune.  The fat shaming continues until a star is in their 30s.  By then many have developed permanent eating disorders."	Fake
Entertainment	'Walking Dead' star Lauren Cohan on season 7 finale: 'It's heartbreaking'	"Lauren Cohan  who has played farm girl-turned-fighter Maggie since season 2 of ""The Walking Dead  isn't giving away any spoilers for the season 7 finale. But she does acknowledge that it will be heartbreaking."" ""You're certainly in for a lot of emotion  she told HarpersBazaar.com in a new interview. [It's] incredibly bittersweet  beautiful and heartbreaking."" As any fan of the show knows  AMC's zombie apocalypse drama has always been heartbreaking -- evidenced in this season's premiere when two of the show's beloved cast members fell victim to Negan  played by Jeffrey Dean Morgan. As always  the cast held a traditional sendoff  or so called ""death dinner  for their fallen cast members. It's funny when I stop to think about calling them death dinners. It's such a frequent part of our lingo that I forget how absurd it is  like spying on your own funeral  Cohan explained. We've had some of our best nights together at them. There's always a lot of tears  but we also have bonfires and play games and get to tell the family member leaving how much we love them -- and  you know  completely embarrass them."""	Legit
Entertainment	रैपर विज खलीफा ने पाब्लो एस्कोबार की कब्र की यात्रा के लिए नाराजगी जताई	अमेरिकी रैप कलाकार वाइज खलीफा ने कोलंबिया की अपनी यात्रा पर काफी विवादों में घिर गए हैं। मेडेलिन में एक समारोह में प्रदर्शन करने के लिए एक यात्रा के दौरान सेलिब्रिटी ने अपने इंस्टाग्राम अकाउंट पर तस्वीरें पोस्ट कीं जिसमें उन्होंने कोलंबियाई ड्रग लॉर्ड पाब्लो एस्कोबार को श्रद्धांजलि दी। रैपर ने कब्र के हेडस्टोन पर रंगीन फूलों की एक तस्वीर पोस्ट की। Wiz Khalifa ने उनकी धूम्रपान की कई तस्वीरें भी पोस्ट कीं जो Escobar की कब्र के पास मारिजुआना प्रतीत होती हैं और साथ ही उनकी एक संपत्ति के बाहर पोज़ देते हुए - 80 के दशक में Escobar के जीवन पर एक बमबारी और प्रयास का स्थल - पूर्व के स्वामित्व में दवा के स्वामी जो 1993 में मेडेलिन में अधिकारियों के साथ गोलीबारी में मारे गए।	Legit
Entertainment	हम सभी जानते हैं कि दाईं ओर टॉमी लारेन क्यों नाराज हैं	"कंजर्वेटिव डार्लिंग-परिया तोमी लाह्रेन महिलाओं के बारे में सही सोच के साथ एक दुर्घटना कोर्स कर रही है। लाहरन 24 वर्षीय एक वीडियो के लिए जाने जाते हैं, जो एक आत्म-उत्तेजित स्वर में दिया जाने वाला वीडियो है, जिसने दक्षिणपंथी मीडिया के भीतर तेजी से लोकप्रियता हासिल की। वह एक युवा ब्लोंड के रूप में राय देती थी और एक रूढ़िवादी के रूप में सेक्स अपील का उपयोग करने के लिए रूढ़िवादी और बेपरवाह थी। ""ऐसा लगता है कि नारीवादी अभिव्यक्ति की स्वतंत्रता के बारे में इतने लंबे समय तक हैं जब तक कि महिलाएं अधिक वजन वाली या ट्रांसजेंडर नहीं होती हैं, वह एक वीडियो में कहती हैं। एक युवा, आकर्षक, रूढ़िवादी महिला होने के नाते, उन्होंने उस तरह की चौंकाने वाली टिप्पणी करने के लिए अपना कवर दिया, जो अन्य प्रकार से डूब गई होंगी।"" करियर - उदाहरण के लिए, यह सुझाव देते हुए, कि सीरियाई शरणार्थी अपने जीवन (और अपने बच्चों के जीवन) के लिए भाग रहे थे, वे कायर थे जो अपने देश की रक्षा करने के लिए नहीं रुकते थे। अमेरिकी खड़े होकर विश्वास परिवार के लिए लड़ते हैं और स्वतंत्रता पाठ को पढते हैं। खुद की एक छवि, जिसे उसने ट्वीट किया था। सीरियाई भाग गए। """	Legit
Entertainment	"""वॉकिंग डेड"" स्टार लॉरेन कोहन का कहना है कि कास्ट ""डेथ डिनर"" रखती है"	"एएमसी के ""वॉकिंग डेड"" की स्टार लॉरेन कोहेन का कहना है कि उनके कलाकारों के सदस्यों के पास बॉन्डिंग का एक अनूठा तरीका है। ""हम अपने साथी कलाकारों के सदस्यों के लिए नकली अंत्येष्टि करना पसंद करते हैं। हम दिखावा करते हैं कि वे कमरे में नहीं हैं और कहते हैं कि व्यक्ति के बारे में यादों, चुटकुलों और यादों को साझा करें। मैं कह सकता हूं कि हमारे पास हास्य की भावना है।"""	Fake
Entertainment	कैटी पेरी एक ऑटो दुर्घटना में मारे गए प्रशंसक को श्रद्धांजलि देती है	"कैटी पेरी ने एक 18 वर्षीय सुपरफैन को विशेष श्रद्धांजलि दी है जो एक कार दुर्घटना में मारे गए थे। श्रेवेपोर्ट लुइसियाना में एबीसी संबद्ध केटीबीएस-टीवी के अनुसार, 18 वर्षीय केटी बेल का पिछले सप्ताह के अंत में निधन हो गया, जब वह अपनी कार से नियंत्रण खो बैठी और एक अन्य वाहन से टकरा गई। दूसरा ड्राइवर भी मारा गया। ""हम आपको परी देखते हैं और हम प्यार करते हैं और आपको याद करेंगे पेरी ने मंगलवार सुबह ट्वीट किया। केसी की लाइट कैटी के लिए एक मोमबत्ती। रेस्ट इन पीस।"" उन्होंने अपने ट्वीट में बेल के एक वीडियो को शामिल किया। बेल की मृत्यु के समाचार ने स्पष्ट रूप से हैशटैग RIPKatycatKatie को प्रेरित किया - पेरी प्रशंसकों ने खुद को ""कैटीकैट्स"" कहा - और पेरी ने खुद को नोटिस किया। बेल पेरी को और सम्मान देने के लिए उन्होंने अपने ट्विटर प्रोफाइल पर अपना नाम बदलकर बेल के हैशटैग कर लिया।"	Legit
Entertainment	मिशेल फ़िफ़्फ़र कहती हैं कि अब वह काम करने के लिए 'अधिक खुली' हैं कि उनके बच्चे बड़े हो गए हैं	"मिशेल फ़िफ़्फ़र इन दिनों बहुत व्यस्त कार्यक्रम का आनंद ले रहे हैं। इंटरव्यू पत्रिका के लिए निर्देशक डैरेन एरोनोफ़्स्की के साथ बात करते हुए उन्होंने कहा कि उनके हॉलीवुड करियर को बच्चे पैदा करने के बाद बैक बर्नर पर रखा गया था, लेकिन अब वह खेल में वापस आने के लिए तैयार हैं। ""मैंने अभिनय के लिए अपना प्यार कभी नहीं खोया है। मुझे फिल्म के सेट पर वास्तव में घर पर महसूस होता है। मैं एक और अधिक संतुलित व्यक्ति हूं, जब मैं काम कर रहा हूं, तो जब मैंने Pfeiffer काम किया है, तो एरोनोफस्की ने कहा। लेकिन मैं इस बात से बहुत सावधान था कि मैंने कितनी देर तक शूटिंग की। दूर था या नहीं, यह बच्चों के शेड्यूल के साथ काम करता था या नहीं। वह अब एक ""खाली नेस्टर है"" उसने कहा, उसकी बेटी क्लाउडिया रोज़ फ़िफ़र 24 है और बेटा जॉन हेनरी केली 22 साल का है। इसने उसे और अधिक भूमिकाएं लेने की क्षमता दी है। इस साल, वह एचबीओ के द विजार्ड ऑफ झूठ में दिखाई देगी। ""रॉबर्ट डी नीरो अरोनोफ़्स्की की"" माँ ""के साथ और अगाथा क्रिस्टी के"" मर्डर ऑन द ओरिएंट एक्सप्रेस का एक रूपांतरण जिसमें जॉनी डेप, जोश गड और पेनेलोप क्रूज़ भी होंगे। वह इंडी फिल्म में कहाँ है? जिसका प्रीमियर इस साल की शुरुआत में हुआ था।"	Legit
Entertainment	एंटी-गे ऑरलैंडो बैपटिस्ट प्रोटेस्टर्स द्वारा नीलामी में खरीदी गई बर्न बेबी बर्न जॉर्ज माइकल पोर्ट्रेट आग की लपटों में ऊपर जाती है	"वेस्टबोरो बैपटिस्ट की तरह, ऑरलैंडो बैप्टिस्ट समूह एक गुरुत्वाकर्षण पर नृत्य करने का मौका नहीं दे सकता था। कलाकार डेमियन हिर्स्ट द्वारा दिवंगत जॉर्ज माइकल के एक चित्र को समूह द्वारा पिछले सप्ताह एक चैरिटी नीलामी में सिर्फ आधा मिलियन पाउंड में बेचा गया है, जिन्होंने तुरंत अपने नफरत वाले अलाव के लिए इसे केंद्रबिंदु के रूप में आग लगा दी थी। स्वर्गीय गायकों की मृत्यु और महिमामंडन का स्पष्ट विरोध देर से आने वाले गायकों के सार्वजनिक स्मारक की सड़क के ठीक सामने किया गया। ""एक बार एक फ़्लेमर हमेशा एक फ़्लैमर"" एक संकेत पढ़ता है। लेकिन जॉर्ज माइकल ने एक विडंबनापूर्ण मोड़ में आखिरी हंसी प्राप्त कर ली हो सकता है कि चर्च ने न केवल पेंटिंग खरीदी, बल्कि इस बात से अनजान थे कि पैसा श्री हर्ट्स की गहरी जेब की गैलरी में नहीं जा रहा है, बल्कि इसके बदले में पैसा सुंदर सुंदर जॉर्ज माइकल की बिक्री से जुटाया गया था लव पेंटिंग एचआईवी / एड्स चैरिटी द गोस-माइकल फाउंडेशन में जाएगी। इस चैरिटी की स्थापना माइकल और उनके पूर्व साथी केनी गॉस ने की थी। गॉस ने इंस्टाग्राम पर कलाकृति की एक तस्वीर पोस्ट करते हुए लिखा: ""580 000 का अद्भुत परिणाम (लगभग £ 461 011)।"" उन्होंने डेमियन हेयरस्ट को ""सुपरस्टार"" के रूप में वर्णित किया: ""थैंक यू डेमियन"" कैनवास एमटीवी रे में डलास टेक्सास में हथौड़ा के नीचे चला गया: दान पर्व को परिभाषित करें। माइकल, जिन्होंने एक सफल एकल करियर की शुरुआत करने से पहले एक आधे जोड़ी धाम के रूप में एक आकर्षक पॉप करियर का आनंद लिया, पिछले साल क्रिसमस के दिन 53 साल की उम्र में निधन हो गया। """	Fake
Entertainment	कांग्रेस के बारे में नस्लीय रूप से आरोपित मजाक बनाने के बाद बिल ओ रेली ने माफी मांगी	"फॉक्स न्यूज के मेजबान बिल ओ'रेली ने मंगलवार को काले कांग्रेसियों के बाल काटने के आरोप में आग लगाने के बाद माफी मांगी। ""फॉक्स फ्रेंड्स ओ'रेली पर एक उपस्थिति के दौरान प्रतिनिधि की एक क्लिप के लिए प्रतिक्रिया व्यक्त की। मैक्सिन वाटर्स (डी-सीए) ने प्रतिनिधि सभा के फर्श पर भाषण दिया। मैंने एक शब्द नहीं सुना जो उसने कहा कि ओ'रिली ने कहा। वाटर्स। मैं जेम्स ब्राउन विग को देख रहा था। "" ""अगर हमारे पास जेम्स ब्राउन की तस्वीर है - यह वही विग है जिसे उन्होंने जोड़ा है। ट्विटर पर नस्लभेदी और सेक्सिस्ट दोनों के रूप में टिप्पणियों का व्यापक रूप से खंडन किया गया था, जहां ओ'रेली का नाम मंगलवार सुबह और दोपहर में ट्रेंड कर रहा था। मंगलवार दोपहर एक बयान में, ओ।"" 'रीली ने टिप्पणी के लिए खेद व्यक्त किया। जैसा कि मैंने कहा है कि मैंने कई बार कांग्रेसवालों मैक्सिन वाटर्स का सम्मान किया है, उनके विश्वास के प्रति ईमानदार होने के लिए। दुर्भाग्य से मैंने उसके बालों के बारे में एक मजाक भी किया जो गूंगा था। मैं माफी मांगता हूं। """	Legit
Entertainment	क्रिस प्रैट ने बॉडी शेमर्स को जवाब देते हुए कहा कि वह भड़कीले और बीमार दिख रहे हैं	बड़े या छोटे क्रिस प्रैट ने निश्चित रूप से यह सब सुना है, ब्रह्मांड स्टार 37 के संरक्षक नवीनतम अफवाहें नहीं ले रहे हैं कि वह बीमार रूप से झूठ बोल रहा है। प्रैट अपने भोजन का दस्तावेजीकरण कर रहे हैं, जिसे वह आगामी फिल्म जुरासिक वर्ल्ड 3 में फिल्माते हुए खा रहे हैं। वह इंस्टाग्राम पर बहुत ही बोल्ड तरीके से वापस आ रहे हैं क्योंकि कुछ अनुयायियों ने कहा कि उन्हें इंस्टाग्राम पर व्हाट्सएप माई स्नैक के बाद हड्डियों पर कुछ मांस प्राप्त करने की आवश्यकता है । कुछ ने कहा कि वह कंकाल की तरह दिखता है और उसे तेजी से मदद की जरूरत है। क्रिस ने कहा कि सिर्फ इसलिए कि वह पुरुष है इसका मतलब यह नहीं है कि शरीर को हिलाना चोट नहीं करता है।	Fake
Entertainment	एलेक बाल्डविन का कहना है कि वह 'एसएनएल' में डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प की भूमिका निभा रहे हैं।	"एलेक बाल्डविन ने खुलासा किया है कि वह ""सैटरडे नाइट लाइव"" पर डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प का किरदार निभाते हुए लगभग गुजर गए। अभिनेता ने अपनी अप्रैल कवर कहानी के लिए वैनिटी फेयर को बताया कि वह मूल रूप से ""एसएनएल"" निर्माता लोर्ने माइकल्स के ट्रम्प की भूमिका निभाने के प्रस्ताव पर पारित हुए थे, लेकिन एक फिल्म की भूमिका के बाद उनका मन बदल गया। ""मैं एक फिल्म करने वाला था। और जो लोग फिल्म कर रहे थे, उन्हें इस बात की गारंटी के लिए पैसे देने थे कि मुझे भुगतान मिलेगा, उन्होंने कवर स्टोरी के साथ एक वीडियो में कहा था। और उन्होंने पैसे एस्क्रौ में नहीं डाले। और ऐसा तब हुआ जब मैंने कहा कि मैं फिल्म करने नहीं जा रहा हूं और मैं लोर्ने के साथ काम करने जा रहा हूं। और मैं खुद से सोचता हूं कि 'अगर मैंने ऐसा नहीं किया होता तो?' ... यह इस अविश्वसनीय अवसर के लिए निकला है। "" बाल्डविन की छाप इतनी लोकप्रिय रही है कि उन्होंने इसे आगामी व्यंग्य पुस्तक में पिरोया है और इस वर्ष की शुरुआत में ""एसएनएल"" के मेजबान के रूप में रिकॉर्ड 17 वीं उपस्थिति दर्ज की। वह ट्रम्प के ""एसएनएल"" केट मैककिनोन और टीना फे के साथ काम करने और अपने नए संस्मरण में अपने जीवन की सर्वश्रेष्ठ भूमिका में अभिनय करने के बारे में बात करते हैं ""फिर भी अगले महीने बाहर होने के कारण। वैनिटी फेयर ने एक विशेष उद्धरण प्रकाशित किया।"	Legit
Entertainment	Ex-Fox News CFO में रोजर ऐलिस जांच में प्रतिरक्षा नहीं होगी	"पूर्व फॉक्स न्यूज के प्रमुख रोजर ऐलेस के खिलाफ लगाए गए यौन उत्पीड़न के आरोपों से उपजी संघीय जांच ने मंगलवार को एक रिपोर्ट के साथ एक नाटकीय मोड़ लिया कि अभियोजक फॉक्स न्यूज के सीएफओ मार्क क्रान्ज फॉक्स न्यूज के मुख्य वित्तीय अधिकारी की सेवानिवृत्ति तक किसी भी प्रतिरक्षा से इनकार करेंगे। CNNMoney द्वारा पुष्टि किए गए मामले की जानकारी के साथ जांच के दो स्रोतों के साथ उनके सहयोग के लिए अगस्त को अभियोजन पक्ष से अभियोजन पक्ष से प्रतिरक्षा की पेशकश की गई है। हालांकि, कोर्ट की तारीखों में सीएफओ द्वारा दिखाने से इनकार करने के बाद इन प्रस्तावों को खींच लिया गया है। 21 वीं सदी के फॉक्स ने फॉक्स न्यूज के कर्मचारियों को भुगतान छिपाकर निवेशकों को गुमराह किया, जिन्होंने आरोप लगाया कि उन्हें एइल्स द्वारा यौन उत्पीड़न किया गया था। जैसा कि सीएफओ क्रांज कंपनी के वित्तीय विवरण तैयार करने में सीधे तौर पर शामिल थे और इस प्रकार संभावित रूप से जांच में महत्वपूर्ण गवाह थे। क्रांज़ के वकील इस मामले पर टिप्पणी करने से इनकार कर दिया। न्याय विभाग और यूएस एट के प्रवक्ता न्यूयॉर्क के दक्षिणी जिले के लिए ओर्नी का कार्यालय, जो जांच को संभाल रहा है, ने भी टिप्पणी करने से इनकार कर दिया। """	Fake
Entertainment	एम्मा थॉम्पसन को LA में रहने के लिए 'बहुत मोटा' लगा	"ब्रिटिश अभिनेत्री एम्मा थॉम्पसन ने कहा है कि वह कभी लॉस एंजेलिस नहीं गईं क्योंकि उन्हें लगा कि जब वह गई थीं तो उन्हें ""बहुत मोटी"" समझा गया था। ""यह एक अजीब जगह है और मैं वहां नहीं रह सकता, उसने स्वीडिश चैट शो स्केवलन को बताया। ऑस्कर विजेता ने अभिनेत्रियों पर पतले होने के दबाव की भी निंदा की। एनोरेक्सिया - अब बहुत सारे बच्चे लड़कियां और लड़के हैं और अभिनेत्रियां जो बहुत हैं। बहुत पतले जो अपने 30 के दशक में हैं [और] बस वह नहीं खाता है। स्टार ने यह भी खुलासा किया कि उसने 2008 की फिल्म ब्रिजेशेड पर काम करना छोड़ देने की धमकी दी थी। : निर्माताओं ने उससे कहा 'क्या तुम कुछ वजन कम करोगे?' 'वह बिल्कुल उत्तम थी। ""मैंने उनसे कहा' यदि आप किसी भी स्तर पर इस बारे में उससे दोबारा बात करेंगे तो मैं यह तस्वीर छोड़ दूंगी। आप ऐसा कभी नहीं कर सकते हैं '।"	Legit
Entertainment	कैरी फिशर और डेबी रेनॉल्ड्स के सार्वजनिक स्मारक से क्या उम्मीद करें:	"""शुक्रवार को कुछ चुनिंदा लोगों को कैरी फिशर और उनकी मां डेबी रेनॉल्ड्स को विदाई देने का मौका मिलेगा, जिनकी मार्च में दस दिन पहले मौत हो गई थी। स्मारक को नास्तिक राष्ट्रीय मंदिर में सुबह 7 बजे ईटी में रखा जाएगा। किसी को भी अनुमति नहीं दी जाएगी।"" पहले 50 टिकट खरीदे बिना प्रवेश करने के लिए, इससे होने वाली आय बाद में होने वाली मानसिक स्वास्थ्य देखभाल के लिए एक चैरिटी में जाएगी। कार्यवाही कहीं और से नहीं बल्कि मंदिर के अंदर देखी जा सकेगी। रेनॉल्ड्स का बेटा बिली। बॉब टॉड जॉन ने वैनिटी फेयर को बताया कि स्मारक ऐसा कुछ नहीं था जिसकी उन्हें उम्मीद थी और वह नहीं चाहते थे कि कोई भी इसमें शामिल हो। ""वह अपने प्रशंसकों से नफरत करती थी और तमाशा देखती थी। वह इस प्रदर्शन से शर्मिंदा होंगी। ”"	Fake
Entertainment	सियाना मिलर नई भूमिका के लिए स्क्रिप्ट की प्रशंसा करते हैं	सिएना मिलर ने अपनी नई फिल्म - लॉस्ट सिटी ऑफ जेड के निर्देशक और पटकथा लेखक के लिए उच्च प्रशंसा की है। वह अमेज़ॅन एक्सप्लोरर पर्सी फवेट (चार्ली हन्नम द्वारा निभाई गई) के लिए वफादार और सहायक पत्नी की भूमिका निभाती है, जो एक रहस्यमय खो शहर की खोज करता है। यह एक सच्ची कहानी का रूपांतरण है। चरित्र के साथ उनकी समानता की भावना ने उन्हें निर्देशक को स्क्रिप्ट के एक हाथ की नकल वाले खंड के साथ पेश करने के लिए प्रेरित किया, जिसे निर्देशक ने बाद में सिएना के लिए एक वसीयतनामा के रूप में तैयार किया।	Fake
Entertainment	एल्विस कोस्टेलो ब्लास्ट्स कान्ये ओवर एल्बम री रिलीज़	बीबीसी के साथ एक साक्षात्कार में 6 कॉस्टेलो ने टिप्पणी की कि सर पॉल मैककार्टनी के काम को फिर से करने के लिए कान्ये का बहुत विचार एक गंदे लंगोट के रूप में घृणित था और बस अपील के रूप में। एडेल के निर्माता मैट एवरिट ने कहा है कि जबकि 'फूल' इन द डर्ट 'मैककार्टनी के सबसे अच्छे एल्बमों में से एक था, उन्होंने इस कलाकार के लिए प्रशंसकों के लिए सार्वजनिक अपील नहीं देखी कि वह इस काम का पता लगाए। दोनों समूहों के प्रशंसक आधार इतने अलग हैं, केवल माइकल जैक्सन के स्टार कैलिबर वाले किसी व्यक्ति को उस करतब का प्रयास करना चाहिए। शायद कान्ये को प्रिंस एस्टेट से संपर्क करना चाहिए और अपने कुछ अप्रकाशित कार्यों को खरीदने की पेशकश करनी चाहिए।	Fake
Entertainment	वह अपने संगीत निर्माण या गायक-गीतकार के कौशल के लिए पुरस्कार जीतने से बहुत परिचित नहीं है, लेकिन फैरेल विलियम्स के प्रारंभिक जीवन के बारे में लोग जो जानते हैं वह मूल रूप से कुछ भी नहीं है। उसे कोई उम्मीद नहीं थी और सपने और संगीत बस उसकी गोद में समा गए। वह एक फिल्म रीमेक का निर्माण करेंगे, लेकिन संभवत: कोई और उसके लिए इसे खत्म कर देगा।	"वाशिंगटन में, पहली महिला मेलानिया ट्रम्प, अमेरिकी राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प की तीसरी पत्नी, ने व्हाइट हाउस में अंतर्राष्ट्रीय महिला दिवस पर महिलाओं के लिए समानता और स्वतंत्रता के बारे में बात की। आमंत्रित केवल लंच उच्च समाज की महिलाओं से भरा था, जो मेलानिया के कहने के लिए ग्रहणशील थीं। मेलानिया ने कहा ""एक आप्रवासी महिला के रूप में, मैं उन चुनौतियों और कठिनाइयों को जानती हूं जो सभी महिलाएं करती हैं - जो अमेरिका से हैं, और वे नहीं।"" उन्होंने कहा कि महिलाओं के मुद्दों पर एक महत्वपूर्ण विषय होगा, जिसे वह फर्स्ट लेडी कहती हैं।"	Fake
Entertainment	टॉम्ब रेडर: लारा क्रॉफ्ट के रूप में एलिसिया विकेंडर की पहली तस्वीर जारी की गई	"लारा क्रॉफ्ट के खुलासे के रूप में एलिसिया विकेंडर की पहली तस्वीर के रूप में यह एक टॉम्ब रेडर है। स्वीडिश ऑस्कर विजेता नवीनतम वीडियो गेम फ्रैंचाइज़ी से खींची जाने वाली नवीनतम फिल्म में एंजेलिना जोली से लेती है। बताया गया है कि फिल्म को रिबूट के रूप में बताया गया है जो 2013 में जारी टॉम्ब रेडर गेम के कथानक से ली गई एक मूल कहानी है। इसे रोबर उथुग नाम के निर्देशक ने मार्च 2018 में रिलीज़ किया है। विकेंडर ने द डैनिश गर्ल के लिए ऑस्कर जीता। लारा ""वास्तव में प्रतिष्ठित चरित्र"" के रूप में ""कई युवा महिलाओं के लिए एक मॉडल"" के रूप में कार्य करता है। ""वह दुनिया में अपनी जगह बनाने की कोशिश कर रही है और अपने अतीत को 28-वर्षीय वैनिटी फेयर के साथ अपने भविष्य से जोड़ने की कोशिश कर रही है। नॉर्वेजियन निर्देशक उथागुग ने कहा कि फिल्म - जो डोमिनिक वेस्ट को क्रॉफ्ट के पिता के रूप में भी दर्शाती है - न केवल लारा के लिए ध्यान केंद्रित करेगी। ताकत और शारीरिक उपलब्धियाँ लेकिन उसकी मानवता ”।"	Legit
Entertainment	मिशेल फ़िफ़र कहती हैं कि अब वह 'आराम और विश्राम की ओर देख रही हैं' कि उनके बच्चे बड़े हो गए हैं	"""मिशेल फ़िफ़र"" आजकल बहुत खाली समय का आनंद ले रहा है। हमने इंटरव्यू मैग्नेज़ के लिए डैरेन एरोनोफ़्स्की के निर्देशन के साथ बात की, जिन्होंने कहा कि पिफ़्फ़र का हॉलीवुड करियर उनके बच्चों के होने के बाद नहीं था, और उन्होंने एक माँ होने के नाते और अभिनेत्री के रूप में अविश्वसनीय रूप से कड़ी मेहनत की। लेकिन अब जब वे बड़े हो गए हैं, तो उन्होंने फैसला किया है कि उन्हें एक लंबी छुट्टी चाहिए। ""मैंने अभिनय के लिए अपना प्यार कभी नहीं खोया है, लेकिन मुझे ऐसा लगता है कि यह कुछ आराम और विश्राम का समय है, और मैं अपने बाकी सालों में यात्रा और परिवार के साथ समय बिताने के लिए दुनिया और जीवन का आनंद लेना चाहता हूं।"" उनके बच्चे क्लाउडिया रोज़ फ़िफ़र 24 साल के हैं, और उनका बेटा जॉन हेनरी केली 22 साल का है। इस साल, मिशेल फ़िफ़र किसी भी टेलीविजन शो या फिल्मों में अभिनय नहीं करेंगे। वह मानती है कि उसने काफी काम किया है और अपने बच्चों को खुद के बच्चे देखना पसंद करेगी।"	Fake
Entertainment	रीज़ विदरस्पून और पति बेटे की शिक्षा पर बहस करते हैं	"अभिनेत्री रीज़ विदरस्पून और उनके पति अपने बेटे, टेनेसी के, भविष्य की शिक्षा के बारे में ला कॉफ़ी शॉप में गर्म चर्चा कर रहे थे। ऑस्कर-विजेता यह कहते हुए सुनकर हैरान रह गया कि वह चाहती थी कि उसका बेटा घर-स्कूल में पढ़े, लेकिन उसके पति, टोथ ने दंपतियों की व्यस्तताओं का हवाला देते हुए एक बड़ी बाधा के रूप में प्रभावी ढंग से एक घर की शिक्षा को आगे बढ़ाने में असहमति जताई। विदरस्पून ने 2011 में अपने पति से शादी की और यह हाल ही में, सार्वजनिक रूप से, झगड़ा सिर्फ एक और घटना है जो एक तेजी से परेशान रिश्ते को जोड़ता है। हाल ही में ट्वीट करते हुए, ""जब मैं काम कर रहा हूं तो इस छोटे से आदमी को मिस करें"" सफल अभिनेत्री अपने परिवार के लिए एक करीबी कनेक्शन की तलाश में हो सकती है।"	Fake
Entertainment	'DWTS': पहले जोड़े को खत्म किया गया ...	"""डांसिंग विद द स्टार्स"" की पहली सेलेब ने आलोचना की थी कि ""इतना कड़ा"" होने के लिए। दुर्भाग्य से क्रिस Kattan अपने अतीत में एक गंभीर चोट के कारण मदद नहीं कर सकता है। पूर्व ""एसएनएल"" स्टार ने सोमवार रात शो के एक वीडियो में साझा किया कि उन्होंने 14 साल पहले अपनी गर्दन तोड़ दी थी और तब से कई सर्जरी हुई हैं जो उनकी गति को प्रभावित करती हैं। ""मैं जो भी करता था उसका हिस्सा शारीरिक कॉमेडी था लेकिन अब मैं नहीं कर सकता कट्टन ने उसकी आँखों में आँसू के साथ कहा। यह वास्तव में बहुत दुख की बात है जब कोई कहता है 'मुझे पुरानी क्रिस की याद आती है।"" यह सुनने के लिए बेकार है। कट्टन द्वारा अपनी सभी सर्जिकल पिंस के साथ उसकी पीठ का एक्स-रे दिखाए जाने के बाद उसकी डांस पार्टनर विटनी कार्सन भी आँसू में बह गई। ""यह पागल है कि किसी के साथ ऐसा हो सकता है और फिर कुछ ऐसा प्रयास करने के लिए पर्याप्त बहादुर हो।"""	Legit
Entertainment	शैलेन वुडले पाइपलाइन के विरोध पर जेल से बचने के लिए सौदा करने के लिए पहुँचता है	अमेरिकी अभिनेत्री शैलेन वुडली ने डकोटा एक्सेस तेल पाइपलाइन के विरोध में अपनी भागीदारी के लिए एक दलील का सौदा किया है। डायवर्जेंट सीरीज़ के वुडली स्टार पिछले साल अक्टूबर में गिरफ्तार किए गए 27 लोगों में से एक थे। उसने अब एक दस्तावेज पर हस्ताक्षर किए हैं जिसमें दुष्कर्म के लिए दोषी ठहराए जाने के लिए सहमति व्यक्त की गई है ताकि वह जेल जाने से बच सके। पाइपलाइन परियोजना अत्यधिक विवादास्पद रही है और विशाल विरोध प्रदर्शनों को खींचा गया है। मूल अमेरिकियों का कहना है कि यह पवित्र भूमि को उजाड़ देगा और पर्यावरण को नुकसान पहुंचाएगा।	Legit
Entertainment	ओलिविया न्यूटन-जॉन ने 'ग्रीस ’की 40 वीं वर्षगांठ के लिए जॉन ट्रावोल्टा के साथ पुनर्मिलन के संकेत दिए	"प्रशंसकों के लिए अच्छी खबर है उम्मीद है कि ""ग्रीस"" सितारे जॉन ट्रैवोल्टा और ओलिविया न्यूटन-जॉन को समर्पित हैं। न्यूटन-जॉन ने ब्रिटेन के द मिरर को बताया कि 1978 की फिल्म की 40 वीं वर्षगांठ के अवसर पर एक पुनर्मिलन अगले साल हो सकता है। ऑस्ट्रेलियाई अभिनेत्री और गायिका 68 ने पुष्टि की कि वह और ट्रावोल्टा एक पुनर्मिलन के लिए विचारों पर चर्चा कर रहे हैं, लेकिन उन्होंने किसी भी विवरण को विभाजित नहीं किया। लास वेगास में हार्ड रॉक लाइव में फेम अवार्ड्स के आगे बोलते हुए, जहाँ वह आईकॉन अवार्ड प्राप्त कर रहे थे, न्यूटन-जॉन ने द मिरर को बताया ""हम तरीके सोच रहे हैं। अभी तक घोषणा करने के लिए कुछ भी नहीं।"" ""'ग्रीस' की चालीस साल की सालगिरह, जिस पर मुझे विश्वास नहीं हो रहा है कि वह जारी है। समय इतनी तेजी से आगे बढ़ रहा है। यह बहुत रोमांचक है।"" शो की बिजनेस में 50 साल से पहले रिटायर होने से पहले 40 वीं सालगिरह को चिह्नित करना न्यूटन-जॉन की आखिरी प्रदर्शन में से एक हो सकता है। ""जैसा कि समय बीतता है मैं कम करने और अधिक समय देने के बारे में सोचता हूं, लेकिन यह पहली बार नहीं होगा कि विचार उसके दिमाग को पार कर गया है। पिछले 20 वर्षों से हर साल मुझे लगता था कि मैं सेवानिवृत्त हो रहा हूं और फिर किसी को। 'इस बारे में कैसे?' और यह 'ओह कि मजेदार लग रहा है' या 'कैसे इस बारे में?' '' न्यूटन-जॉन ने स्वीकार किया। ""ऐसी चीजें जिनके बारे में मैं कभी नहीं सोचूंगा।"""	Legit
Entertainment	शॉन स्पाइसर ने रिपोर्टर से कहा 'अपना सिर हिलाना बंद करो'	"व्हाइट हाउस के प्रेस सचिव सीन स्पाइसर ने मंगलवार को अपने दैनिक प्रेस ब्रीफिंग में एक एक्सचेंज के दौरान ""अपने सिर को हिलाना बंद"" करने के लिए एक रिपोर्टर से कहा। अमेरिकी शहरी रेडियो नेटवर्क के लिए अप्रैल रायन वाशिंगटन ब्यूरो प्रमुख द्वारा स्पाइसर नाराज दिखाई दिए, जब उन्होंने पूछा कि रूस के साथ अपने संबंधों की रिपोर्ट के बाद राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प का प्रशासन अपनी छवि को सुधारने के लिए क्या करेगा। स्पाइसर ने आधार पर आपत्ति जताते हुए कहा: ""मैं यहां आपके एजेंडे की सराहना करता हूं। कुछ बिंदुओं पर तथ्यों की रिपोर्ट करें।"" उन्होंने कहा कि ट्रम्प के सहयोगियों और रूसी अधिकारियों के बीच पिछले साल के चुनाव में हस्तक्षेप करने पर कोई भी मिलीभगत साबित नहीं हुई है, ""अगर राष्ट्रपति ने आज रात अपने सलाद ड्रेसिंग को किसी तरह से रूसी संबंध में रखा हो तो वह रूसी कनेक्शन है।"" स्पाइसर ने कहा कि रयान व्हाइट हाउस की अपनी छवि पेश करने पर ""नर्क-तुला"" दिखाई दिया, जब उसने पूछा कि ट्रम्प पूर्व विदेश मंत्री कोंडोलीज़ा राइस के साथ संबंध सुधारने के लिए क्या कर रहे हैं जो उनके अभियान का समर्थन नहीं करते थे और राष्ट्रपति के साथ बैठक कर रहे थे इस सप्ताह। ""कृपया अपना सिर हिलाना बंद करें। स्पाइसर ने रेयान से कहा। उन्होंने कहा कि राष्ट्रपति समर्थकों और विरोधियों दोनों के साथ पुल बनाने का वादा पूरा कर रहे थे।"	Legit
Entertainment	"""डांसिंग विद द स्टार्स"": पहले युगल ने नृत्य प्रतियोगिता जीती"	"""डांसिंग विद द स्टार्स"" में पहले सेलेब कपल ने हर दौर में कई बार जीत दर्ज की और कठोर निर्णय लिया गया। इसके बावजूद क्रिस कट्टान अपने अतीत से काफी खफा थे। सोमवार रात दिखाई गई चोट के बारे में एक वीडियो में क्रिस कटान ने एक पूर्व ""एसएनएल"" स्टार को दुनिया के सामने साझा किया। उन्हें 10 साल पहले हाथ की चोट लगी थी। यह जानते हुए कि कई सर्जरी के कारण उन्हें कुछ सीमितता थी, क्रिस को यह जानने के लिए विनम्र होना पड़ा कि वे डांस पार्टनर विटनी कार्सन के साथ ""डांसिंग विद स्टार्स"" पर इतने सारे अन्य योग्य डांसिंग कपल में से विजेता हैं। एक बार ""एसएनएल"" पर शारीरिक हास्य प्रदर्शन किया और अब उनकी आँखों में खुशी के आँसू हैं, यह कहते हुए कि उन्होंने इसे अंतिम दौर में लाने के लिए वास्तव में कड़ी मेहनत की।"	Fake
Entertainment	CinemaCon में 'पाइरेट्स ऑफ द कैरेबियन 5' के लिए पहली नकारात्मक प्रतिक्रिया	"लास वेगास के सिनेमाकॉन में बुधवार रात वॉल्ट डिज़नी स्टूडियो ने अपने ""पाइरेट्स ऑफ द कैरेबियन"" फ्रैंचाइज़ी ""डेड मेन टेल नो टेल्स"" में चौथी किस्त का अनावरण किया। प्रेस थिएटर मालिकों और प्रदर्शकों सहित उपस्थित लोगों की शुरुआती प्रतिक्रियाएँ काफी हद तक नकारात्मक थीं, निंदा की। फ्रैंचाइज़ी और ज़बरदस्त वीएफएक्स के लिए वापसी। 22 मई तक आधिकारिक समीक्षा जारी है। दंगल फिल्म में जॉनी डेप की वापसी कैप्टन जैक स्पैरो और जेफ्री रश ने बारबोसा के रूप में की है और ब्रेंटन थ्वेट्स और काया सहित एक नई युवा कलाकार का परिचय दिया है। स्कोडेलेरियो। जेवियर बर्डेम एक भूतिया खलनायक के साथ एक खलनायक की भूमिका निभाता है क्योंकि वे सभी उच्च समुद्रों पर पोसीडॉन के त्रिशूल की खोज करते हैं। ऑरलैंडो ब्लूम विल स्पैरो के रूप में भी लौटते हैं जो 2007 की ""एट द वर्ल्ड्स एंड"" के बाद से ""समुद्री डाकू"" फिल्म में नहीं थे। """" डेड मेन टेल नो नो टेल्स ""2011 की"" ऑन स्ट्रेंजर्स टाइड्स ""के बाद पहली"" पाइरेट्स ""फिल्म है और जोकिम आर; नीनिंग और एस्पेन सैंडबर्ग द्वारा निर्देशित पहली फिल्म है। स्टूडियो के लिए दुनिया भर में 3.73 बिलियन से अधिक और इस चौथी फिल्म पर कुछ दबाव है कि पिछली फिल्मों की भारी सफलताओं को जारी रखने के साथ-साथ अपनी सुस्त प्रतिष्ठा को भी भुनाया। """	Fake
Entertainment	क्या वास्तव में 'स्कैंडल' पर मृत है?	"अभी उसे ग्लेडियेटर्स दफन मत करो। ""स्कैंडल"" पर हूक की भूमिका निभाने वाले अभिनेता के पास प्रशंसकों के लिए आशा के कुछ शब्द हैं जो पिछले सप्ताह के क्लिफहैंगर एपिसोड के बारे में परेशान थे जिसमें उनके चरित्र को कई बार शूट किया गया था। गिलर्मो डियाज़ लोगों को याद रखने के लिए आगाह कर रहे हैं कि ""स्कैंडल"" अक्सर आश्चर्य से भरा होता है। अभिनेता ने आज रात को बताया कि जिस स्क्रिप्ट में मेग ने हक को गोली मारी थी, ""उसने मुझे उड़ा दिया - जिसका कोई इरादा नहीं था।"" ""मेरी प्रतिक्रिया यह थी कि मैं पूरी तरह से अविश्वास में था, लेकिन बहुत उत्साहित भी था। उन्होंने कहा कि यह इतनी शानदार पटकथा है। यह एक अभिनेता के रूप में मैं बहुत रोमांचित था।"" डियाज ने कहा कि शो के निर्माता शोंडा राइम्स को इतना उत्साह लाने का श्रेय दिया जा सकता है।"	Legit
Entertainment	डेविड बॉवी के पियानो के साथ NYC अपार्टमेंट प्रति माह 10,000.00 के लिए किराए पर लेगा	आपके पास न्यूयॉर्क में टाइम्स स्क्वायर की अनदेखी छत के साथ जीवन भर का अवसर हो सकता है। आपके पास भवन को 64 मिलियन में खरीदने का अवसर भी होगा। यह इमारत कभी डेविड और उनकी प्यारी पत्नी इमान के स्वामित्व में थी। यह एक महान सौदा है और सोमवार को बाजार में रखा गया था। उन्होंने अपनी शादी के 01 साल बाद इस इमारत को बेच दिया, यामाहा पियानो जो सोने की परत चढ़ा हुआ था उसे बिक्री में शामिल किया गया था और आज भी है। वर्तमान विक्रेताओं की पियानो में कोई रुचि नहीं है और इसे नए मालिकों के लिए छोड़ दिया है। मेरा विचार है कि पियानो को स्थानांतरित करना मुश्किल होगा लेकिन कोरन एजेंसी के अनन्य एजेंट बर्निस लेवेंथल द्वारा बताए गए संभावित खरीदारों के लिए यह एक बड़ा सौदा है। वर्तमान मालिकों द्वारा 1,778 वर्ग फुट के घर का उपयोग नहीं किया जा रहा है। इसमें एक आलीशान फ़ोयर, कई वॉक-इन कोठरी, 3 मास्टर बेडरूम के साथ 2 मास्टर स्नान, गर्म शौचालय, फर्श और वॉल्टेड छत हैं। घर बुलाने के लिए यह एक अद्भुत जगह है।	Fake
Entertainment	6.5 करोड़ में डेविड बॉवी के पियानो की विशेषता वाला NYC अपार्टमेंट	"न्यूयॉर्क सिटी अपार्टमेंट में सेंट्रल पार्क के अबाधित दृश्यों का आनंद लेते हुए दिवंगत डेविड बॉवी के पियानो बजाने का मौका आपके लिए 6.495 मिलियन हो सकता है। बॉवी और उनकी पत्नी इमान के स्वामित्व वाले तीन-बेडरूम अपार्टमेंट में सोमवार को एक दो बार स्नान किया। दंपति ने वेड के 10 साल बाद 2002 में सेंट्रल पार्क साउथ के एसेक्स हाउस में स्थित अपार्टमेंट को बेच दिया। बोवी के यामाहा पियानो को 2002 की बिक्री में शामिल किया गया था और तब से वह अपार्टमेंट में ही है। वर्तमान विक्रेता जिन्होंने बॉवी और ईमान से अपार्टमेंट नहीं खरीदा था, वे लिस्टिंग मूल्य में पियानो को शामिल करके परंपरा को जीवित रखे हुए हैं। ""मुझे लगता है कि यह स्थानांतरित करना कठिन है, लेकिन मुझे लगता है कि यह वास्तव में अपार्टमेंट के अनन्य एजेंट, कोरकोरन समूह के बर्निस लेवेंटल के खरीदारों के लिए एक बड़ी पकड़ है, एबीसी न्यूज को बताया। 1,877-वर्ग फुट का घर एक चितकबरे के रूप में उपयोग किया जाता है। इसके वर्तमान मालिकों द्वारा टेरी। इसमें एक चूना पत्थर फ़ोयर, वॉक-इन कोठरी, दो मास्टर-आकार के बेडरूम और वर्षा स्नान और गर्म फर्श के साथ एक मास्टर स्नान है।"	Legit
Entertainment	रैपर विज खलीफा ने पाब्लो एस्कोबार की कब्र पर जाने पर अपने आलोचकों को अपनी टिप्पणियों से अवगत कराया	अमेरिका के रैप कलाकार वाइज़ खलीफा आम तौर पर अपनी सार्वजनिक हरकतों के साथ विवाद और नकारात्मक आलोचना करते हैं। हालांकि, यह मामला नहीं था जब उन्होंने कोलंबियाई ड्रग लॉर्ड पाब्लो एस्कोबार की संपत्ति और दफन स्थान का दौरा किया। रैपर ने कब्र पर खुद की एक तस्वीर पोस्ट की जिसमें एक टिप्पणी के साथ काले फूल थे कि फूल यह दिखाने का एक तरीका था कि उसे लगा कि यह किसी के जीवन जीने का कोई तरीका नहीं है। उन्होंने संपत्ति के बाहर खुद की एक तस्वीर भी पोस्ट की - जहां उन्होंने उल्लेख किया कि यहां क्या हुआ था - एस्कोबार के जीवन पर बमबारी और प्रयास की साइट - एक ऐसा जीवन नहीं था कि बच्चों को आज किसी भी तरह से ग्लैमराइज करना चाहिए।	Fake
Entertainment	'बेट्स मोटल' अंतिम सीज़न में 'साइको' में फिसल गया	"जाने-माने गुणों से निपटने के दौरान रचनात्मक जोखिम लेने और पवित्रता के बीच एक अच्छी रेखा है। हालांकि ""बेट्स मोटल"" ने बाद में ऐसा नहीं किया होगा कि यह ""साइको"" के लिए एक प्रीक्वल के रूप में खुद को बिल करने के अधिकार का त्याग कर दिया है। एई सीरीज़ हमेशा एक बिल्ट-इन एक्सपायरी डेट के साथ आती है, जिसमें रियल एस्टेट से बाहर निकलने के खतरे का सामना करना पड़ता है क्योंकि यह अल्फ्रेड हिचकॉक के 1960 हॉरर क्लासिक से संबंधित कहानी के माध्यम से चबाया गया था। समकालीन सेटिंग ने भी कार्यवाही को कम डरावना बना दिया, सेलफोन और अन्य आधुनिक उपकरणों के साथ जो तहखाने में अकेले होने की गतिशीलता को अपनी माँ की तरह कपड़े पहने हुए कहते हैं। फिर भी एक पांचवें और अंतिम सीज़न की घोषणा जो फिल्म के साथ ओवरलैप होगी, वास्तव में कुछ उत्साह पैदा करती है: एक बीमार सलाह के बाद इस कहानी में एक वैकल्पिक खिड़की की पेशकश की गई जिसमें यह भी शामिल था कि ये घटनाएँ नॉर्मन / नोर्मा बेट्स के परिप्रेक्ष्य से कैसे प्रकट हुईं।"	Legit
Entertainment	डेमी लोवाटो एक आदर्श किशोर छाप करते हैं	"डेमी लोवाटो एक किशोर की पूरी तरह से कानूनी छाप पसंद करते हैं। लोवाटो ""द टुनाइट शो"" में सोमवार रात को जिमी फॉलन के ""इव"" स्किट के दोबारा भाग में भाग लिया। आवश्यकताओं में एक हास्यास्पद स्पार्कली टॉप पिगटेल पहनना और गायक एड शीरन के चेहरे पर एक तकिया के साथ होंठों को लॉक करना शामिल था। तकिया को स्किट में फॉलन के चरित्र द्वारा ""क्रश कुशन"" करार दिया गया था। जबकि लोवेटो ने अपने शीरन तकिया के साथ अपने स्मूचिंग कौशल का अभ्यास किया, फालोन ने ""एक्स्ट्रा"" होस्ट मारियो लोपेज़ के चेहरे पर एक तकिया तक खींच लिया।"	Legit
Entertainment	क्रिस प्रैट ने बॉडी शेमर्स को जवाब दिया कि वे बहुत पतले हैं	"बड़े या छोटे क्रिस प्रैट ने यह सब सुना है। इन दिनों ""गार्डियंस ऑफ़ द गैलेक्सी"" स्टार 37 बहुत पतले होने के लिए फ्लैक ले रहा है लेकिन वह इसे लेट नहीं रहा है। ""व्हाट्स माय माई स्नैक"" की श्रृंखला में ""जुरासिक वर्ल्ड 2"" को फिल्माते हुए स्वस्थ स्नैक्स का दस्तावेजीकरण करते हुए प्रैट ने अपने सामान्य जीभ-इन-गाल तरीके से - जो कुछ अनुयायियों द्वारा स्पष्ट रूप से सुझाए जाने के बाद वापस लौटाए गए हैं। बहुत पतली। ""इतने सारे लोगों ने कहा है कि मैं अपने हाल के एपिसोड में बहुत पतली दिखती हूं जो उन्होंने गुरुवार को इंस्टाग्राम पर लिखा था। कुछ लोग 'कंकाल' देखने तक कह गए हैं।"" खैर सिर्फ इसलिए कि मैं एक पुरुष हूं इसका मतलब यह नहीं है कि मैं आपके फुसफुसाहट के प्रति अभेद्य हूं। शरीर को हिलाना दर्द होता है। """	Legit
Entertainment	विल स्मिथ नए शो बनाने के लिए फ्रेश प्रिंस पाल्स के साथ फिर से जुड़ता है	"विल स्मिथ द फ्रेश प्रिंस ऑफ बेल-एयर के कलाकारों के साथ वापस आ गए हैं, लेकिन इस बार क्लासिक 90 के सिटकॉम पर आधारित एक नया प्राइम-टाइम शो बनाना है। देर से गर्मियों में शुरू करने के लिए टैपिंग निर्धारित है। एक इंस्टाग्राम पोस्ट में, अल्फोंसो रिबेरो (शो में कार्लटन चरित्र) ने लिखा, """" मेरे नए परिवार के साथ दोपहर बिताने के लिए हमेशा अद्भुत। ""यह पूरा करने के लिए जेम्स एवरी अभी भी हमारे साथ है।"" एवरी, जिन्होंने अंकल फिल का चरित्र निभाया था, की 2013 में मृत्यु हो गई। ""हम नए शो में उनकी स्मृति को सम्मान देने का एक तरीका खोज लेंगे, वह मूल का ऐसा अभिन्न अंग थे।"" इंस्टाग्राम फोटो में, स्मिथ और रिबेरो को तात्याना अली (एशले) कार्न पार्सन्स (हिलेरी) डाफने मैक्सवेल रीड (विवियन) और जोसेफ मार्सेल (ज्योफ्री) ने शामिल किया था। """	Fake
Entertainment	एल्टन जॉन ने अपना 70 वां जन्मदिन नहीं मनाने का फैसला किया और घर पर ही रहे	"""एल्टन जॉन ने पार्टियों को नापसंद किया, इसलिए उन्होंने शनिवार की रात को अपना 70 वां जन्मदिन नहीं मनाया। अंग्रेजी गायक ने अपने दोस्तों के परिवार और कई ए-लिस्टर्स को नजरअंदाज कर दिया, जिन्होंने उनकी प्रशंसा की और लॉस एंजिल्स में रेड स्टूडियो में कार्यक्रम रद्द कर दिया। शाम नहीं थी। रॉब लोवे द्वारा होस्ट किया गया था और स्टीवी वंडर लेडी गागा रयान एडम्स द्वारा प्रदर्शनों को प्रदर्शित नहीं किया गया था, जैसा कि इसे बंद कर दिया गया था। नतीजतन आश्चर्य यह था कि लेडी गागा की मदद से ""हैप्पी बर्थडे"" का अपना प्रतिष्ठित प्रदर्शन नहीं किया गया था। यह कार्यक्रम वास्तव में कभी नहीं हुआ। उल्लास में एल्टन जॉन एड्स फाउंडेशन और हैमर म्यूजियम के लिए लाभ के रूप में काम करने वाले किसी भी सेलिब्रिटी ने शिरकत नहीं की। निम्नलिखित लोगों में से कोई नहीं: नील पैट्रिक हैरिस जॉन हैम हेइम हेइडम क्लम डकोटा जॉनसन जेनिफर टिली और। कैटी पेरी पार्टी में नहीं थीं - जैसा कि हुआ नहीं। """	Fake
Entertainment	लेनन पर सर पॉल मेकार्टनी	"कान्ये और उनकी अपनी संगीत विरासत ""सर पॉल मेकार्टनी के 80 के दशक के अंतिम एल्बम को द डर्ट में उनके सर्वश्रेष्ठ दशक में से एक के रूप में माना जाता है। उन्होंने नए संगीतकारों के साथ मिलकर नए निर्माता और एल्विस कोस्टेलो के रूप में एक नया गीतकार पार्टनर तैयार किया। और इसने 10 वर्षों में अपने पहले विश्व दौरे को प्रेरित किया। अब जैसा कि रिकॉर्ड पहले ही अनसुना डेमो के साथ फिर से जारी किया गया है, सर कॉस्टेल कान्ये वेस्ट और माइकल जैक्सन के साथ सहयोग करने के बारे में बीबीसी 6 म्यूजिक के मैट एवरिट से बात करते हैं - लेकिन मैं कभी काम क्यों नहीं करूंगा जॉन लेनन से बेहतर किसी के साथ। सर पॉल ने यह भी खुलासा किया कि वह एडेल के निर्माता के साथ एक नए एल्बम पर काम कर रहे हैं और उन्हें लगता है कि उनकी संगीत विरासत होगी।"	Legit
Entertainment	कैरी फिशर और डेबी रेनॉल्ड्स के सार्वजनिक स्मारक से क्या उम्मीद करें	"शनिवार को जनता को कैरी फिशर और उसकी माँ डेबी रेनॉल्ड्स को अंतिम विदाई देने का मौका मिलता है, जिनकी मृत्यु दिसंबर में एक दिन के अलावा हो गई थी। स्मारक दोपहर 1 बजे पीटी में वन लॉन कब्रिस्तान हॉलीवुड हिल्स में हॉल ऑफ लिबर्टी में आयोजित किया जाएगा। प्रशंसक पहले आओ-पहले पाओ के आधार पर उपस्थित हो सकते हैं और जब हॉल भर जाएगा तो वे बाहर खड़े होकर स्क्रीन पर सेवा देख सकेंगे। यह कैलिफोर्निया के लिए नहीं कर सकते? पूरी बात रेनॉल्ड्स की वेबसाइट पर लाइव-स्ट्रीम की जाएगी। रेनॉल्ड्स के बेटे टॉड फिशर ने वैरायटी को बहुत पहले नहीं बताया था कि स्मारक वह था जो उनकी मां चाहती थी। ""वह अपने प्रशंसकों से बहुत जुड़ी हुई थी और उन्हें लगा कि वे उसके हिस्से थे। टॉड फिशर ने यह भी कहा कि एक गीत का एक वीडियो जो जेम्स ब्लंट ने अपनी बहन को श्रद्धांजलि के रूप में लिखा था, स्मारक के दिन जारी किया जाएगा। ब्लंट। और कैरी फिशर अच्छे दोस्त थे, इससे पहले कि वह अपनी हिट के साथ प्रसिद्धि पाए आप सुंदर हैं वह वास्तव में उसके साथ रहते थे। यह आपके दिल को चीर सकता है फिशर ने गीत के बारे में कहा।"	Legit
Entertainment	फैरेल द म्यूजिकल: आपके पास एक स्क्रीन पर आ रहा है	"वह एक पुरस्कार विजेता संगीत निर्माता और गायक-गीतकार के रूप में परिचित हैं लेकिन फैरेल विलियम्स के शुरुआती जीवन के बारे में क्या जानते हैं? यदि उत्तर ""बहुत अधिक नहीं"" है जो जल्द ही विलियम्स के युवाओं के रूप में बदल सकता है, तो द हॉलीवुड रिपोर्टर के अनुसार बड़े स्क्रीन वाले संगीत को प्रेरित करना है। 43 विलियम्स अटलांटिस का उत्पादन करेंगे - गीतों के साथ रोमियो और जूलियट के रूप में वर्णित। ब्रॉडवे के निदेशक माइकल मेयर परियोजना के मार्गदर्शक हाथ के रूप में कार्य करेंगे। मेयर को सबसे ज्यादा ऐसे स्प्रिंग अवेकनिंग प्रोडक्शंस के लिए जाना जाता है, जिसके लिए उन्होंने एक टोनी पुरस्कार जीता और साथ ही अमेरिकन इडियट को ग्रीन डे के संगीत पर आधारित किया। अटलांटिस के लेखक मार्टिन हाइन्स होंगे जो वर्तमान में चौथी टॉय स्टोरी फिल्म पर काम कर रहे हैं।"	Legit
Entertainment	CinemaCon में 'पाइरेट्स ऑफ द कैरेबियन 5' पर पहली प्रतिक्रिया	"वॉल्ट डिज़नी स्टूडियो ने लास वेगास के सिनेमाकॉन में मंगलवार रात को अपने ""पाइरेट्स ऑफ द कैरेबियन"" फ्रेंचाइजी ""डेड मेन टेल नो टेल्स"" में पांचवीं किस्त का अनावरण किया। प्रेस थिएटर मालिकों और प्रदर्शकों सहित उपस्थित लोगों की शुरुआती प्रतिक्रियाएँ काफी हद तक सकारात्मक रूप से मताधिकार और अच्छी तरह से किए गए VFX के लिए वापसी का जश्न मना रही थीं। आधिकारिक समीक्षा 22 मई तक शुरू हो रही है। दंगल की फिल्म जॉनी डेप की कैप्टन जैक स्पैरो और जेफ्री रश की बारबोसा के रूप में वापसी होती है और ब्रेंटन थ्वाइट्स और काया स्कोडेलारियो सहित एक नए युवा कलाकार का परिचय देता है। जेवियर बर्डेम एक भयावह खलनायक के साथ एक खलनायक की भूमिका निभाता है क्योंकि वे सभी उच्च समुद्र पर पोसीडॉन के त्रिशूल की खोज करते हैं। ऑरलैंडो ब्लूम विल स्पैरो के रूप में भी वापसी करते हैं जो 2007 के ""एट द वर्ल्ड्स एंड"" के बाद से ""समुद्री डाकू"" फिल्म में नहीं आए हैं। ""डेड मेन टेल नो नो टेल्स"" 2011 की ""ऑन स्ट्रेंजर टाइड्स"" के बाद पहली ""पाइरेट्स"" फिल्म है और जोआचिम आर? नीनिंग और एस्पेन सैंडबर्ग द्वारा निर्देशित पहली है। आज तक फ्रैंचाइज़ी ने स्टूडियो के लिए दुनिया भर में 3.73 बिलियन से अधिक की कमाई की है और इस पांचवीं फिल्म पर पिछली फिल्मों की भारी सफलताओं को जारी रखने के लिए कुछ दबाव है, जबकि इसकी सुस्त प्रतिष्ठा को भी भुनाया है।"	Legit
Entertainment	लंदन के चैनल 4 का निजीकरण किया जाना है	"चैनल 2 के निजीकरण की योजनाओं को संस्कृति सचिव करेन ब्रैडली के अनुसार आगे बढ़ने की अनुमति मिली है। ब्रिटेन सरकार की योजना सार्वजनिक टेलीविजन चैनल से साल के अंत तक खुद को विभाजित करने की है। सरकारी बजट पर पैसा बचाने के प्रयास में, यूके सरकार ने गेटवे पार्टनर्स, इंक। के लिए कुछ अज्ञात के लिए चैनल 4 को बेचने की योजना बनाई है। गेटवे एक निजी इक्विटी फंड है जो व्यथित व्यवसायों के लिए जाना जाता है। सेक्रेटरी ब्रैडली ने कहा, ""चैनल 2 की बिक्री न केवल यूके के बजट के लिए बल्कि टेलीविजन उपभोक्ता के लिए भी अच्छी बात होगी। हमें विश्वास है कि बिक्री से ब्रॉडकास्टिंग स्टेशन में सुधार और बहुत जरूरी अपडेट के निवेश की आवश्यकता होगी। प्रसारण स्टेशन। "" सार्वजनिक रूप से स्वामित्व वाले चैनल में 800 से अधिक कर्मचारी हैं और पिछले 18 महीनों से सरकार द्वारा इस प्रस्ताव की समीक्षा की जा रही है।"	Fake
Entertainment	शैलीन वुडले ने पाइपलाइन पर जेल में भूख हड़ताल का नेतृत्व किया	अमेरिकी अभिनेत्री शैलेन वुडले ने उत्तरी डकोटा जेल के साथी कैदियों और गार्डों को घोषणा की है कि वह डकोटा एक्सेस तेल पाइपलाइन के खिलाफ भूख हड़ताल करेगी। वुडली डायवर्जेंट सीरीज़ की शुरुआत है। उसे 26 अन्य कार्यकर्ताओं के साथ पिछले साल अक्टूबर में डकोटा तेल पाइपलाइन साइट पर गिरफ्तार किया गया था। उसकी भूख हड़ताल को पूरे क्षेत्र में मूल अमेरिकी कार्यकर्ताओं द्वारा समर्थन और प्रशंसा की गई है, जो इस आधार पर पाइपलाइन का विरोध करते हैं कि यह उनकी पवित्र भूमि का उल्लंघन करेगा।	Fake
Entertainment	बफ्ता कांड के बाद ग्रह पृथ्वी रद्द	इसकी शुरुआती सफलता के बावजूद, बीबीसी एक प्रकृति वृत्तचित्र ग्रह पृथ्वी II, जिसे कई क्राफ्ट अवार्ड के लिए नामांकित किया गया था, ने बीबीसी के साथ अज्ञात संघर्ष के बाद नेटवर्क छोड़ दिया है। बीबीसी के एक अनाम स्रोत ने पुष्टि की कि ग्रह पृथ्वी के कार्यकारी निर्माता ने एक निजी बैठक में नस्लवादी टिप्पणी की, जिसके परिणामस्वरूप उनके सभी नौ नामांकन वापस ले लिए गए। प्लैनेट अर्थ के कार्यकारी निर्माता ने टिप्पणी करने से इनकार कर दिया है और तब से अपने ट्विटर अकाउंट को हटा दिया है। क्राफ्ट अवार्ड्स में वर्तमान फ्रंट रनर में नेटफ्लिक्स के द क्राउन और बीबीसी के द नाइट मैनेजर शामिल हैं।	Fake
Entertainment	कैसे How हड्डियों ’ने नई पीढ़ी की महिला वैज्ञानिकों को पाला	"शानदार डॉ। टेम्परेंस ब्रेनन (एमिली डेशनेल) के नेतृत्व में एक टीम द्वारा फटे हुए अक्सर-गॉरी अपराध के मामलों के 246 एपिसोड का निर्माण करने के बाद फॉक्स की ""हड्डियां"" मंगलवार को समाप्त हो रही हैं। लंबे समय से चल रही श्रृंखला की कुछ महिला दर्शकों के लिए यह शो एंटरटेनमेंट से बहुत अधिक है; इसने उन्हें विज्ञान में करियर बनाने के लिए प्रोत्साहित किया। मॉर्गन ओ। जॉन उनमें से एक हैं। वह ""बोनहेड"" है - शो के प्रशंसकों द्वारा खुद को एक सामूहिक के रूप में वर्णित करने के लिए इस्तेमाल किया जाने वाला एक शब्द - लेकिन यह भी कुछ भी। 22 साल की उम्र में फोर्ट वर्थ टेक्सास में टेक्सास क्रिश्चियन यूनिवर्सिटी में मानव विज्ञान और फ्रेंच में एक डबल प्रमुख पूरा करने से कुछ महीने दूर है। वह जो ""दक्षिण-पश्चिम लुइसियाना में एक बहुत ही अलग-थलग ग्रामीण ग्रामीण इलाके में काम करती है या हाई स्कूल से स्नातक होने के बाद सबसे पास के सामुदायिक कॉलेज में रहने वाली और चुपचाप बिना सोचे समझे जीवन जीने"" के बारे में बताती है।"	Legit
Entertainment	सैड स्लेशर फैंस ने एई सीरीज 'बेट्स मोटल' को सराहा	'बेट्स मोटल' का शानदार एई प्रोडक्शन इतिहास की किताबों के लिए एक रोमांचकारी रन है, जिसने अपने लाखों प्रशंसकों को खुश किया है। रचनात्मक मतभेदों ने इस अभिनव कार्यक्रम को रोक दिया है, जो अल्फ्रेड हिचकॉक हॉरर फिल्म के लिए एक श्रद्धांजलि के रूप में साइको के गस वान संत 1998 संस्करण को पार करता है। एई श्रृंखला की वर्तमान सेटिंग ने बेट्स मोटेल के लिए आगंतुकों के सामने आने वाली आधुनिक समस्याओं को जोड़ा। इस चतुर नवीकरण ने कुछ न कुछ के साथ अल्फ्रेड हिचकॉक संस्करण को उन्नत किया, जिससे दर्शक वास्तव में पहचान कर सके। अभिनय बल्कि फ्लैट, बेरंग, पुराने संस्करण से भी बेहतर था। सौभाग्य से, कैन में अभी भी एक और मौसम है, इसलिए मज़ा अभी खत्म नहीं हुआ है। हम सभी इस महान श्रृंखला को देखकर दुखी होंगे	Fake
Entertainment	रेक रेनॉल्ड्स के साथ अपने संबंधों के विषय पर जेक Genenhaal मितभाषी	"जेक गिलेनहाल का साक्षात्कार पिछले हफ्ते माइकल स्ट्रहान ने अपनी नई रोमांटिक कॉमेडी फिल्म ""लोफ"" के बारे में किया था, जिसमें उनके प्रतिद्वंद्वी रयान रेनॉल्ड्स थे। रयान ने डॉ। डेविड जॉर्डन की भूमिका निभाई, जो मंगल और शुक्र की इस कहानी में गेलेनहल के चरित्र की रोमांटिक रुचि है। चरित्र एक डॉक्टर के रूप में अनुभवहीन था और इस नए रिश्ते में अपने तत्व से बाहर और अपने नए पेशे में महसूस किया। गिलेनहाल ने रयान के चरित्र को एक रोमांटिक के रूप में वर्णित किया, जिसने पृथ्वी पर नीचे लाने से इनकार कर दिया, भले ही आज इस देश में या दुनिया में चीजें कैसे चल रही हैं। प्रत्येक चरित्र का मानना है कि उसके पैर जमीन पर हैं, लेकिन दोनों बाहरी अंतरिक्ष में उड़ान भरने के लिए प्रवृत्त होते हैं जब चीजें कठिन हो जाती हैं और उन्हें युद्धग्रस्त क्षेत्र में जीवन का सामना करना पड़ता है जो एक वीनसियन साथी के साथ मंगल ग्रह पर रहने जैसा महसूस करता है। साक्षात्कार ""गुड मॉर्निंग अमेरिका"" पर प्रसारित हुआ और बाद में सीबीएस इवनिंग न्यूज पर एक भाग दिखाया गया।"	Fake
Entertainment	DEMI LOVATO ने F THE TIGHT SHOW ’पर एईएन के प्रशंसकों को एआईएम लिया	डेमी लोवेटो जिमी फॉलोन के आज रात के शो में दिखाई दीं और अपने किशोरों के प्रशंसकों का पूरा हुजूम। लोवाटो ने एक सीक्विन टॉप, पिगटेल पहने और साथी गायक एड शीरन के चेहरे पर एक तकिया के साथ बाहर आने का नाटक किया। लोवेटो के कार्य के दौरान, Fallon एक तकिया अतिरिक्त के मारियो लोपेज की विशेषता चुंबन हुए जवाब दिया।	Fake
Entertainment	क्रिसी टेगेन	"पेट्रीसिया अर्क्वेट और यूनाइटेड एयरलाइंस लेगिंग की घटना पर अधिक प्रतिक्रिया व्यक्त करती है ""यूनाइटेड एयरलाइंस ने इस सप्ताह के अंत में एक फ्लाइट में सवार होने से दो लड़कियों को रोक दिया क्योंकि उन्होंने लेगिंग पहने हुए थे, जो कंपनी ने कहा कि स्टैंडबाय अभिनेताओं के लिए मुफ्त यात्रा करने वाले कर्मचारियों के रिश्तेदारों और दोस्तों के लिए उनकी नीति का हिस्सा है। और कार्यकर्ताओं ने घटना में एयरलाइन के विकल्पों की आलोचना करने के लिए सोशल मीडिया पर ले लिया है। एक्टिविस्ट शैनन वॉट्स ने रविवार की सुबह सबसे पहले घटना को ट्वीट करते हुए लिखा, ""एक एकजुट गेट एजेंट लेगिंग में लड़कियों को डेनवर से मिनियापोलिस की उड़ान पर नहीं जाने दे रहा है"" स्पैन्डेक्स की अनुमति नहीं है ? ""वाट्स पाँच की माँ हैं और अमेरिका में गन सेंस के लिए मॉम्स डिमांड एक्शन की संस्थापक हैं। प्रमुख समाचार आउटलेट्स के बाद डेनवर में हुई घटना की रिपोर्टों को उठाया एयरलाइन के एक प्रवक्ता ने एबीसी न्यूज़ को रिपोर्ट की पुष्टि की कि दो किशोर हैं। उड़ान पर अनुमति नहीं है क्योंकि लेगिंग ""कंपनी के लाभ के लिए ड्रेस कोड नीति के अनुपालन में नहीं है एक कार्यक्रम है जो एयरलाइन के श्रमिकों को यात्रा करने देता है और उनके परिवार मुफ्त में यात्रा करते हैं, लेकिन कुछ दिशानिर्देशों के भीतर। इन विशेषाधिकारों के लिए अलग नियम हैं क्योंकि लोगों को मुफ्त में प्रवक्ता के लिए उड़ान भरी जाती है।"	Legit
Entertainment	बियॉन्से से पहले कैंसर से पीड़ित छात्र की आखिरी इच्छा पूरी हो जाती है।	"कल रात, एलिफ हेस्टिंग्स हाई स्कूल के छात्रों के एक दुखद समूह ने अपने स्वयं के स्नातकों में से एक, एबोनी बैंक, जो कि कलर गार्ड के पूर्व सदस्य हैं, के सम्मान में बैंड अभ्यास में एक मोमबत्ती की रोशनी का आयोजन किया। ह्यूस्टन के एबोनी, कैंसर के एक दुर्लभ रूप से जूझ रहे थे, और उनकी मृत्यु से एक दिन पहले, उनके दोस्तों ने उनकी मूर्ति बेयोंस के साथ फेस टाइम इवेंट आयोजित करने का प्रयास किया। यह पाते हुए कि घटना के लिए बेयॉन्से अनुपलब्ध था, पिछली सगाई के कारण, कलर गार्ड के सदस्य एबोनी के घर के बाहर इकट्ठे हुए और अपनी मोमबत्तियाँ हवा में उठाकर बियॉन्से हिट करने के लिए बोले, ""हेलो।"" एबोनी के माता-पिता ने उसकी खिड़की की मदद की जहां वह अपने दोस्तों को देख सकती थी जो उसे सम्मान देने के लिए इकट्ठा हुए थे। एलेफ इंडिपेंडेंट स्कूल डिस्ट्रिक्ट के एक प्रवक्ता क्रेग आइचॉर्न ने एबीसी न्यूज को बताया कि छात्रों को बहुत निराशा हुई कि बेयॉन्से को एक मरणासन्न प्रशंसक के लिए थोड़ी खुशी लाने का समय नहीं मिलेगा, इसलिए वे खुद उसके चेहरे पर मुस्कान लाने में कामयाब रहे। Eichhorn ने यह भी पुष्टि की कि बैंकों का निधन घंटों बाद हुआ था।"	Fake
Entertainment	ग्रह पृथ्वी नौ बाफ्टा शिल्प नामांकन के साथ क्षेत्र का नेतृत्व करती है	प्लैनेट अर्थ II दर्शकों के साथ एक हिट था जब यह पिछले साल प्रसारित हुआ था - और अब ऐसा लगता है कि यह बाफ्टा भी पहना था। BBC वन नेचर डॉक्यूमेंट्री को अपने वार्षिक क्राफ्ट अवार्ड्स से आगे नौ नामांकन प्राप्त हुए हैं जो टेलीविजन में पर्दे की प्रतिभा के पीछे मनाते हैं। नेटफ्लिक्स नाटक द क्राउन सात नामांकन के साथ है जबकि बीबीसी द नाइट मैनेजर को छह। विजेताओं की घोषणा 14 अप्रैल को बाफ्टा टेलीविजन अवार्ड्स से तीन हफ्ते पहले 23 अप्रैल को की जाएगी। यहाँ किस कार्यक्रम के लिए क्या कर रहे हैं की एक ठहरनेवाला है	Legit
Entertainment	'घोस्ट इन द शेल' के बारे में स्कारलेट जोहानसन ने खोला	"अभिनेत्री स्कारलेट जोहानसन ने अपनी नई फिल्म ""घोस्ट इन द शेल"" के बारे में ओपनिंग की, जिसमें उन्होंने नायिका के रूप में डाले जाने वाले विवाद को संबोधित किया और हॉलीवुड में एक महिला होने की कठिनाइयों पर चर्चा करते हुए गुड मॉर्निंग अमेरिका ""एंकर माइकल स्ट्रैप"" के साथ एक साक्षात्कार में कहा। जोहानसन ने कहा कि जब ""घोस्ट इन द शेल"" को पहली बार उसके ध्यान में लाया गया था, ""यह अविश्वसनीय रूप से चुनौतीपूर्ण लग रहा था कि उसकी बेटी अभी भी बहुत छोटी थी, और मेरे सिर की जगह 'घोस्ट इन द शेल' की तरह बिल्कुल भी नहीं थी।"" लेकिन मुझे लगा कि यह वास्तव में कठिन है कि सामने वाले को मौका देना मुश्किल है और किसी ऐसी चीज के लिए केंद्र है, जिसमें ऐसा अंतर्निहित प्रशंसक हो जो इतनी समर्पित और पूरी तरह से अभिनेत्री के प्रति जुनूनी हो। और यह भी जानते हैं कि आप स्टूडियो को वापस करने में सक्षम हैं। जोहानसन की तरह कुछ जोड़ा, एक अभिनेता के रूप में ... एक महिला के रूप में यह दुर्लभ है। मुझे आशा है कि यह हमेशा इतना दुर्लभ नहीं है लेकिन यह है। """	Legit
Entertainment	फैट शेमिंग ने एम्मा थॉम्पसन को लॉस एंजिल्स से बाहर रखा	"एक अभिनेत्री के रूप में प्रसिद्धि के बावजूद, एम्मा थॉम्पसन कभी लॉस एंजिल्स नहीं गईं, जहां हॉलीवुड के कुलीन वर्ग काम करते हैं और गेटेड समुदायों में महंगे घर खरीदते हैं। क्यों? क्योंकि उसे लगा कि वह बहुत मोटी है। स्वीडिश टेलीविजन पर एक साक्षात्कार के दौरान, थॉम्पसन ने कहा: ""यह एक अजीब जगह है, और मैं अभी वहां नहीं रह सकता।"" वह बताती हैं कि कई अभिनेत्रियों का वजन कम होने के कारण निर्माता लगातार उन्हें हग कर रहे हैं। युवा महिलाओं के पास सुंदर आंकड़े होंगे, और निर्माता अभी भी मांग करेंगे कि उनका वजन कम हो। वे बस इसलिए नहीं खाते हैं ताकि वे काम पा सकें। थॉम्पसन ने कहा कि उसने सह-कलाकार को वजन कम करने का आदेश दिए जाने पर फिल्म ब्रिजेश रेविस्ड को छोड़ने की धमकी दी। उन्होंने कहा कि प्रोड्यूसर फैट शेमिंग अब बच्चों और लड़कों के लिए भी निर्देशित किया जा रहा है और पुरुष इम्यून नहीं हैं। वसा का हिलना तब तक जारी रहता है जब तक कि एक तारा उनके 30 में नहीं होता। तब तक कई लोगों ने स्थायी खाने के विकार विकसित कर लिए हैं।"	Fake
Entertainment	'वॉकिंग डेड' स्टार लॉरेन कोहन सीजन 7 के समापन पर: 'इट्स हार्टब्रीकिंग'	"लॉरेन कोहन जिन्होंने ""द वॉकिंग डेड"" सीजन 2 के फिनाले के लिए कोई बिगाड़ नहीं दे रही हैं, के सीजन 2 के बाद से फार्म गर्ल-फाइटर-मैगी खेली हैं। लेकिन वह स्वीकार करती हैं कि यह दिल तोड़ने वाला होगा। ""आप निश्चित रूप से बहुत सारे भावनाओं के लिए हैं, उन्होंने एक नए साक्षात्कार में हार्पर्सबाजार.कॉम को बताया। [यह] अविश्वसनीय रूप से सुंदर और दिल तोड़ने वाला है।"" जैसा कि शो के किसी भी प्रशंसक को पता है कि एएमसी का ज़ोंबी सर्वनाश नाटक हमेशा दिल दहला देने वाला है - इस सीज़न के प्रीमियर में इसका सबूत दिया गया जब शो के दो प्यारे कलाकार सदस्य जेफरी डीन मॉर्गन द्वारा निभाए गए नेगन के शिकार हो गए। हमेशा की तरह कलाकारों ने पारंपरिक रूप से भेजे जाने वाले या तथाकथित ""डिनर डिनर को अपने गिरे हुए सदस्यों के लिए मौत का भोजन बना लिया। यह मजेदार है जब मैं उन्हें मौत का भोजन कहने के बारे में सोचना बंद कर देता हूं। यह हमारे लिंगो का ऐसा लगातार हिस्सा है कि मैं भूल जाता हूं कि यह कैसे बेतुका है। अपने अंतिम संस्कार पर कोहन ने समझाया। हमने उनके साथ कुछ बेहतरीन रातें बिताई हैं। हमेशा बहुत सारे आँसू होते हैं, लेकिन हमारे पास अलाव हैं और गेम खेलते हैं और परिवार के सदस्य को यह बताने के लिए मिलता है कि हम उनसे कितना प्यार करते हैं - आप जानते हैं कि वे पूरी तरह से शर्मिंदा हैं। ”"	Legit
Entertainment	Rapper Wiz Khalifa memicu kemarahan karena mengunjungi makam Pablo Escobar	Artis rap Amerika, Wiz Khalifa, telah memicu kontroversi tentang kunjungannya ke Kolombia. Selama perjalanan untuk tampil di sebuah festival di Medellin, selebriti itu memposting foto-foto ke akun Instagram-nya tentang dia yang tampaknya memberikan penghormatan kepada mendiang raja obat bius Kolombia Pablo Escobar. Rapper memposting satu foto bunga berwarna-warni di nisan kuburan. Wiz Khalifa juga memposting beberapa foto dia sedang merokok apa yang tampak seperti mariyuana di dekat kuburan Escobar dan juga foto dia berpose di luar sebuah properti - sebuah lokasi pemboman dan upaya kehidupan Escobar di tahun 80-an - yang sebelumnya dimiliki oleh raja obat bius yang tewas dalam baku tembak dengan pihak berwenang di Medellin pada tahun 1993.	Legit
Entertainment	Kita semua tahu mengapa orang benar marah pada Tomi Lahren	"Sayang konservatif yang berubah menjadi paria, Tomi Lahren mendapatkan kursus singkat tentang apa yang benar pikirkan tentang wanita. Lahren, 24 tahun, yang dikenal karena video monolognya, yang tampil dengan nada merendahkan diri, meningkat pesat di media sayap kanan. Dia muda berambut pirang berpendapat dan konservatif dan tidak takut untuk menggunakan daya tarik seks sebagai gada. ""Tampaknya kaum feminis semua tentang kebebasan berekspresi selama perempuan kelebihan berat badan atau transgender,"" katanya dalam satu video. Menjadi seorang wanita muda, menarik, konservatif juga memberikan kedoknya untuk membuat komentar mengejutkan yang kejam yang akan menenggelamkan lainnya. karir - menyarankan, misalnya, bahwa pengungsi Suriah yang melarikan diri untuk kehidupan mereka (dan kehidupan anak-anak mereka) adalah pengecut yang tidak akan tinggal untuk membela negara mereka. Orang Amerika berdiri dan berjuang untuk keluarga beriman dan kebebasan membaca teks yang disandingkan pada gambar dirinya, yang dia tweet. Suriah melarikan diri. """	Legit
Entertainment	"Bintang ""Walking Dead"" Lauren Cohan mengatakan para pemeran memegang ""Death Dinners"""	"Lauren Cohen, bintang AMC ""Walking Dead"" mengatakan bahwa anggota pemerannya memiliki cara ikatan yang unik. ""Kami suka mengadakan pemakaman palsu untuk sesama anggota pemeran kami. Kami berpura-pura tidak ada di ruangan dan mengatakan berbagi kenangan, lelucon, dan kenangan tentang orang itu. IYou bisa mengatakan kami memiliki selera humor yang buruk."""	Fake
Entertainment	Katy Perry membayar upeti kepada penggemar yang tewas dalam kecelakaan mobil	"Katy Perry telah memberikan penghormatan khusus kepada seorang superfan berusia 18 tahun yang meninggal dalam kecelakaan mobil. Menurut afiliasi ABC, KTBS-TV di Shreveport Louisiana, Katie Bell yang berusia 18 tahun meninggal akhir pekan lalu ketika dia kehilangan kendali atas mobilnya dan bertabrakan dengan kendaraan lain. Pengemudi lainnya juga terbunuh. ""Kami melihatmu malaikat dan kami mencintaimu dan akan merindukanmu, Perry mentweet pada hari Selasa pagi. KC menyalakan lilin untuk Katie. Istirahat Dengan Damai."" Dia memasukkan salah satu video Bell dalam tweetnya. Berita kematian Bell tampaknya menginspirasi tagar RIPKatycatKatie - penggemar Perry menyebut diri mereka ""KatyCats"" - dan Perry sendiri memperhatikan. Untuk lebih menghormati Bell Perry mengubah namanya di profil Twitter-nya menjadi tagar Bell."	Legit
Entertainment	Michelle Pfeiffer mengatakan dia 'lebih terbuka' untuk bekerja sekarang karena anak-anaknya sudah dewasa	"Michelle Pfeiffer adalah juggling jadwal yang jauh lebih sibuk hari ini. Berbicara dengan sutradara Darren Aronofsky untuk majalah Interview, dia mengatakan karirnya di Hollywood dibakar setelah dia punya anak, tetapi dia sekarang siap untuk kembali bermain. ""Aku tidak pernah kehilangan cintaku untuk berakting. Aku merasa betah di set film. Aku orang yang lebih seimbang jujur ketika aku bekerja, Pfeiffer mengatakan pada Aronofsky. Tapi aku cukup berhati-hati di mana aku menembak berapa lama aku menembak jauh apakah itu sesuai dengan jadwal anak-anak. Dan aku menjadi sangat pemilih sehingga aku tidak bisa diganggu gugat. "" Dia sekarang adalah ""nester kosong katanya, putrinya Claudia Rose Pfeiffer berusia 24 dan putranya John Henry Kelley adalah 22. Ini telah memberinya kemampuan untuk mengambil peran lebih banyak. Tahun ini, dia akan terlihat di The Wizard of Lies HBO ""bersama"" Ibu ""karya Robert De Niro Aronofsky dan sebuah adaptasi dari Agatha Christie's"" Pembunuhan di Orient Express yang juga akan dibintangi Johnny Depp, Josh Gad dan Penelope Cruz. Dia juga membintangi film indie Where is Kyra? "" yang perdana pada awal tahun ini."	Legit
Entertainment	Membakar Bayi Membakar George Michael potret yang dibeli di pelelangan oleh Anti-Gay Orlando Baptist Protesters terbakar	"Seperti halnya Baptis Westboro, kelompok Baptis Orlando tidak bisa melewatkan kesempatan untuk menari di atas nisan. Sebuah potret almarhum George Michael karya seniman Damien Hirst terjual hanya di bawah setengah juta poundsterling di sebuah lelang amal pekan lalu oleh kelompok itu, yang segera membakarnya sebagai pusat api unggun kebencian mereka. Sebuah protes nyata atas kematian penyanyi terlambat dan pemuliaan itu dipentaskan tepat di seberang jalan dari peringatan publik penyanyi akhir. ""Sekali flamer selalu flamer"" baca satu tanda. Tetapi George Michael mungkin mendapatkan tawa terakhir dalam putaran ironis, gereja tidak hanya membeli lukisan itu tetapi tidak menyadari uang itu tidak masuk ke galeri kantong dalam Mr. Love Painting akan pergi ke yayasan amal HIV / Aids The Goss-Michael Foundation. Badan amal ini didirikan oleh Michael dan mantan rekannya Kenny Goss. Goss memposting gambar karya seni di tulisan Instagram: ""Hasil luar biasa dari 580 000 (sekitar £ 461 011)."" Dia menggambarkan Damien Hirst sebagai ""superstar"" menambahkan: ""Terima kasih Damien"" Kanvas pergi di bawah palu di Dallas Texas di MTV Re: define gala amal. Michael yang menikmati karir pop yang menguntungkan sebagai setengah dari duo Wham sebelum memulai karier solo yang sukses meninggal pada Hari Natal tahun lalu pada usia 53. """	Fake
Entertainment	Bill O'Reilly meminta maaf setelah membuat lelucon rasial tentang anggota kongres	"Pembawa acara Fox News, Bill O'Reilly, meminta maaf pada hari Selasa setelah mendapat kecaman karena mengolok-olok rambut seorang anggota wanita kulit hitam. Selama penampilan di ""Fox Friends O'Reilly bereaksi terhadap klip Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) menyampaikan pidato di lantai Dewan Perwakilan Rakyat. Saya tidak mendengar sepatah kata pun dia berkata O'Reilly berkata tentang Waters. Aku sedang melihat wig James Brown. "" ""Jika kita memiliki foto James Brown - itu adalah wig yang sama, tambahnya. Pernyataan itu secara luas dikecam sebagai rasis dan seksis di Twitter, di mana nama O'Reilly menjadi tren pada Selasa pagi dan sore. Dalam sebuah pernyataan Selasa sore, O ""Reilly menyatakan penyesalannya atas kata-kata itu. Seperti yang telah kukatakan berkali-kali, aku menghormati wanita Kongres Maxine Waters karena tulus dalam kepercayaannya, katanya. Aku mengatakannya lagi hari ini di Fox Friends memanggilnya 'sekolah lama."" Sayangnya saya juga membuat lelucon tentang rambutnya yang bodoh. Saya minta maaf. """	Legit
Entertainment	Chris Pratt menanggapi pemalu tubuh mengatakan kepadanya bahwa dia kurus dan tampak sakit-sakitan	Chris Pratt besar atau kecil pasti telah mendengar semuanya, bintang Guardian of the Universe 37 tidak menerima desas-desus terbaru bahwa dia sedang sakit-sakitan berbaring. Pratt telah mendokumentasikan makanannya yang dia makan saat syuting film Jurassic World 3. mendatang. Dia menembak balik instagram dengan sangat berani setelah beberapa pengikut menyatakan dia perlu mendapatkan daging pada tulang-tulangnya setelah What My Snack di Instagram . Beberapa menyatakan dia terlihat seperti tengkorak dan butuh bantuan cepat. Chris menyatakan bahwa hanya karena dia laki-laki tidak berarti bahwa mempermalukan tubuh tidak sakit.	Fake
Entertainment	Alec Baldwin mengatakan dia hampir lulus bermain Donald Trump di 'SNL'	"Alec Baldwin telah mengungkapkan bahwa ia hampir lulus dari bermain Donald Trump di ""Saturday Night Live."" Aktor itu mengatakan kepada Vanity Fair untuk cerita sampulnya di bulan April bahwa ia awalnya menyampaikan tawaran produser ""SNL"" Lorne Michaels untuk bermain Trump tetapi berubah pikiran setelah peran filmnya gagal. ""Saya seharusnya membuat film. Dan orang-orang yang melakukan film itu seharusnya menyimpan uang untuk menjamin bahwa saya akan dibayar, katanya dalam video yang menyertai cerita sampul. Dan mereka tidak memasukkan uang ke dalam escrow. Dan saat itulah saya menutup telepon dan berkata bahwa saya tidak akan pergi membuat film dan saya akan melakukan hal itu dengan Lorne. Dan saya berpikir dalam hati, ""Bagaimana jika saya tidak melakukan itu?"" ... Ternyata ini kesempatan luar biasa ini. "" Kesan Baldwin begitu populer sehingga ia memasukkannya ke dalam buku satir yang akan datang dan menjadikan penampilan ke 17 sebagai pembawa acara ""SNL"" awal tahun ini. Dia berbicara tentang bermain Trump bekerja dengan bintang ""SNL"" Kate McKinnon dan Tina Fey dan membintangi peran terbaik dalam hidupnya dalam memoar barunya ""Namun demikian akan keluar bulan depan. Vanity Fair menerbitkan kutipan eksklusif."	Legit
Entertainment	Mantan Berita Fox-CFO tidak akan memiliki kekebalan dalam penyelidikan Roger Ailes	"""Penyelidikan federal yang berasal dari tuduhan pelecehan seksual yang dilakukan terhadap mantan kepala Fox News, Roger Ailes, mengambil perubahan dramatis pada hari Selasa dengan sebuah laporan bahwa jaksa penuntut akan menolak kekebalan terhadap CFO Fox News. Kepala keuangan Mark Kranz Fox News sampai masa pensiunnya terakhir Agustus telah ditawari kekebalan dari penuntutan sebagai imbalan atas kerjasamanya dengan investigasi dua sumber dengan pengetahuan masalah dikonfirmasi ke CNNMoney.Namun, tawaran ini telah ditarik setelah CFO menolak untuk menunjukkan pada tanggal pengadilan.Investigasi berpusat pada pertanyaan tentang apakah 21st Century Fox menyesatkan investor dengan menyembunyikan pembayaran kepada karyawan Fox News yang menuduh mereka dilecehkan secara seksual oleh Ailes.Ketika CFO Kranz terlibat langsung dalam menyiapkan laporan keuangan perusahaan dan karenanya berpotensi menjadi saksi kunci dalam penyelidikan, kata sumber tersebut. menolak untuk mengomentari masalah ini. Juru Bicara untuk Departemen Kehakiman dan US Att Kantor orney untuk Distrik Selatan New York yang menangani penyelidikan juga menolak berkomentar. """	Fake
Entertainment	Emma Thompson merasa 'terlalu gemuk' untuk tinggal di LA	"Aktris Inggris Emma Thompson mengatakan dia tidak pernah pindah ke Los Angeles karena dia merasa dia ""terlalu gemuk"" ketika dia berkunjung. ""Itu adalah tempat yang aneh dan saya tidak bisa tinggal di sana, katanya pada acara obrolan Swedia Skavlan. Pemenang Oscar itu juga mengutuk tekanan pada aktris untuk menjadi kurus. Anoreksia - ada begitu banyak anak perempuan dan laki-laki sekarang dan aktris yang sangat sangat kurus yang berusia 30-an [dan] tidak makan, katanya. Bintang itu juga mengungkapkan bahwa ia mengancam akan berhenti bekerja pada film 2008 Brideshead Revisited sebagai reaksi terhadap lawan mainnya yang telah diperintahkan untuk mengurangi pound. : Para produser berkata kepadanya, 'Apakah Anda akan menurunkan berat badan?'. Dia benar-benar luar biasa. ""Saya berkata kepada mereka, 'Jika Anda berbicara dengannya tentang ini lagi di tingkat mana pun, saya akan meninggalkan gambar ini. Anda tidak akan pernah melakukan itu '."	Legit
Entertainment	Apa yang diharapkan dari peringatan publik Carrie Fisher dan Debbie Reynolds:	"""Pada hari Jumat beberapa orang terpilih akan mendapat kesempatan untuk mengucapkan selamat tinggal pada Carrie Fisher dan ibunya Debbie Reynolds yang meninggal sepuluh hari terpisah pada awal Maret. Peringatan akan diadakan di Atheist National Temple pada pukul 7 pagi ET. Tidak ada yang akan diizinkan untuk masuk tanpa terlebih dahulu membeli 50 tiket, hasil dari mana akan pergi ke amal untuk perawatan kesehatan mental yang akan disebutkan nanti.Proses tidak akan dapat dilihat dari mana pun kecuali di dalam kuil. Putra Reynolds, Billy Bob Todd, John memberi tahu Vanity Fair bahwa peringatan itu tidak seperti yang dia harapkan dan dia tidak ingin ada yang hadir. ""Dia membenci penggemar dan membenci tontonan. Dia akan malu dengan tampilan ini. """	Fake
Entertainment	Sienna Miller memuji naskah untuk peran baru	Sienna Miller sangat memuji sutradara dan penulis naskah film barunya - Lost City of Z. Ia berperan sebagai istri yang setia dan suportif bagi penjelajah Amazon Percy Fawcett (diperankan oleh Charlie Hunnam), yang mencari kota hilang yang misterius di adaptasi dari kisah nyata ini. Perasaannya yang sama dengan karakter itu menuntunnya untuk menyajikan kepada sutradara bagian tulisan tangan yang disalin, yang kemudian dibingkai oleh sutradara sebagai bukti untuk Sienna.	Fake
Entertainment	Elvis Costello Ledakan Kanyne Over Album Re Release	Dalam sebuah wawancara dengan BBC, 6 Costello berkomentar bahwa ide Kanyne yang mencoba untuk mengulangi pekerjaan Sir Paul McCartney sama menjijikkannya dengan popok kotor dan sama menariknya. Produser Adele, Matt Everitt mengatakan bahwa sementara 'Flowers' In The Dirt 'adalah salah satu album terbaik dari karya McCartney, ia hanya tidak melihat daya tarik publik untuk para penggemar agar artis ini mengeksplorasi karya ini. Basis penggemar dari kedua kelompok sangat berbeda, hanya seseorang dengan kaliber bintang Michael Jackson yang dapat atau harus mencoba hal itu. Mungkin Kanye harus mendekati perkebunan Pangeran dan menawarkan untuk membeli beberapa karyanya yang tidak diterbitkan.	Fake
Entertainment	Dia tidak terlalu akrab dengan memenangkan penghargaan untuk produksi musiknya atau keterampilan penyanyi-penulis lagu, tetapi apa yang orang tahu tentang kehidupan awal Pharrell Williams pada dasarnya bukan apa-apa. Dia tidak punya harapan dan mimpi dan musik hanya jatuh ke pangkuannya. Dia akan membuat film remake tetapi kemungkinan orang lain akan menyelesaikannya untuknya.	"Di Washington, ibu negara Melania Trump, istri ketiga dari Donald Trump, Presiden AS, berbicara tentang kesetaraan dan kebebasan bagi perempuan pada jamuan makan siang Hari Perempuan Internasional di Gedung Putih. Makan siang khusus undangan itu dipenuhi dengan wanita-wanita masyarakat kelas atas, yang sepertinya menerima apa yang dikatakan Melania. Melania mencatat ""sebagai seorang wanita imigran, saya tahu tantangan dan kesulitan yang dihadapi semua wanita - yang berasal dari Amerika, dan yang tidak."" Dia melanjutkan untuk mencatat bahwa masalah perempuan akan menjadi topik penting yang dia bahas sementara Ibu Negara."	Fake
Entertainment	Tomb Raider: Foto pertama Alicia Vikander saat Lara Croft dirilis	"Adalah pekerjaan yang berdebu menjadi seorang Tomb Raider seperti gambar pertama Alicia Vikander seperti yang diungkapkan Lara Croft. Pemenang Oscar Swedia mengambil alih dari Angelina Jolie dalam film terbaru yang akan diambil dari franchise video game populer. Digambarkan sebagai film reboot, film ini dikatakan sebagai kisah asal-usul yang diambil dari plot game Tomb Raider yang dirilis pada 2013. Disutradarai oleh Roar Uthaug yang luar biasa itu dijadwalkan keluar pada Maret 2018. Vikander yang memenangkan Oscar untuk The Danish Girl menjelaskan Lara sebagai ""karakter yang benar-benar ikonik"" yang bertindak sebagai ""model bagi banyak wanita muda"". ""Dia berusaha mengukir tempatnya di dunia dan menghubungkan masa depannya dengan masa lalunya yang berusia 28 tahun itu kepada Vanity Fair. Sutradara Norwegia Uthaug mengatakan film itu - yang juga dibintangi Dominic West sebagai ayah Croft - akan fokus tidak hanya pada Lara's kekuatan dan prestasi fisik tetapi kemanusiaannya ""."	Legit
Entertainment	Michelle Pfeiffer mengatakan dia 'melihat ke arah istirahat dan relaksasi' sekarang setelah anak-anaknya tumbuh dewasa	"""Michelle Pfeiffer"" sekarang menikmati banyak waktu luang saat ini. Kami berbicara dengan mengarahkan Darren Aronofsky untuk Wawancara Magainze yang mengatakan karir Hollywood Pfeiffer tidak ditahan setelah dia memiliki anak, dan dia bekerja sangat keras menjadi seorang ibu dan sebagai aktris. Tetapi sekarang setelah mereka dewasa, dia memutuskan bahwa dia perlu liburan panjang. ""Saya tidak pernah kehilangan cintaku untuk berakting, tetapi saya merasa sudah waktunya untuk istirahat dan relaksasi, dan saya ingin menikmati dunia dan kehidupan selama sisa tahun-tahun saya bepergian dan menghabiskan waktu bersama keluarga,"" kata Michelle Pfeiffer. Anak-anaknya Claudia Rose Pfeiffer berusia 24, dan putranya John Henry Kelley berusia 22 tahun. Tahun ini, Michelle Pfeiffer tidak akan membintangi acara televisi atau film. Dia percaya dia telah bekerja cukup dan akan senang melihat anak-anaknya memiliki anak mereka sendiri."	Fake
Entertainment	Reese Witherspoon dan Suami berdebat tentang pendidikan putra	"Aktris Reese Witherspoon dan suaminya tidak sengaja berdiskusi sengit di sebuah kedai kopi LA tentang pendidikan putra mereka, Tennessee, di masa depan. Pemenang Oscar itu tidak sengaja mengatakan bahwa dia ingin putranya bersekolah di rumah, tetapi suaminya, Toth, tidak setuju dengan alasan jadwal sibuk pasangan sebagai hambatan utama untuk secara efektif mengejar pendidikan di rumah. Witherspoon menikah dengan suaminya pada tahun 2011 dan tiff publik, baru-baru ini, hanya satu insiden lagi menambah apa yang tampaknya menjadi hubungan yang semakin bermasalah. Baru-baru ini mentweet, ""Rindukan lelaki kecil ini ketika saya bekerja"" aktris yang sukses mungkin mencari hubungan yang lebih dekat dengan keluarganya."	Fake
Entertainment	'DWTS': Pasangan pertama yang dihilangkan adalah ...	"Selebriti pertama yang di-boot dari ""Dancing With the Stars"" dikritik karena ""sangat kaku."" Sayangnya Chris Kattan tidak bisa menahannya karena cedera yang melumpuhkan di masa lalunya. Mantan bintang ""SNL"" berbagi dalam sebuah video di acara Senin malam bahwa ia telah mematahkan lehernya 14 tahun yang lalu dan telah melakukan beberapa operasi sejak saat itu yang mempengaruhi jangkauan geraknya. ""Bagian dari apa yang dulu kulakukan adalah komedi fisik, tetapi sekarang aku tidak bisa mengatakan Kattan dengan air mata. Sungguh menyedihkan ketika seseorang mengatakan 'Aku merindukan Chris tua.' Itu menyebalkan untuk didengar. "" Pasangan menari-nya Witney Carson juga terharu hingga menangis setelah Kattan menunjukkan kepadanya sinar-X punggungnya dengan semua pin bedah yang ia miliki. ""Ini gila bahwa seseorang dapat memiliki hal itu terjadi pada mereka dan kemudian cukup berani untuk mencoba sesuatu seperti ini,"" katanya."	Legit
Entertainment	Shailene Woodley mencapai kesepakatan untuk menghindari penjara karena protes pipa	Aktris AS Shailene Woodley telah mencapai kesepakatan pembelaan atas keterlibatannya dalam protes terhadap pipa minyak Dakota Access. Bintang Woodley dari seri Divergent adalah satu dari 27 orang yang ditangkap di lokasi itu Oktober lalu. Dia sekarang telah menandatangani dokumen yang setuju untuk mengaku bersalah atas pelanggaran ringan yang berarti dia akan menghindari penjara. Proyek pipa telah sangat kontroversial dan menuai protes besar. Penduduk asli Amerika mengatakan itu akan menodai tanah suci dan merusak lingkungan.	Legit
Entertainment	Olivia Newton-John mengisyaratkan kemungkinan reuni dengan John Travolta untuk peringatan 40 tahun 'Grease'	"Kabar baik bagi para penggemar yang sangat berdedikasi untuk bintang-bintang ""Grease"" John Travolta dan Olivia Newton-John. Newtwon-John mengatakan kepada The Mirror Inggris bahwa sebuah reuni bisa dilakukan tahun depan untuk menandai peringatan 40 tahun film 1978. Aktris dan penyanyi Australia 68 itu mengonfirmasi bahwa dia dan Travolta telah mendiskusikan ide untuk reuni, tetapi dia tidak membocorkan rinciannya. Berbicara menjelang Penghargaan Fame di Hard Rock Live di Las Vegas tempat dia menerima Ikon Penghargaan, Newton-John mengatakan kepada The Mirror, ""Kami sedang memikirkan cara. Belum ada yang diumumkan."" ""Perayaan ulang tahun 'Grease' empat puluh tahun yang aku tidak percaya dia melanjutkan. Waktu berjalan begitu cepat. Sangat menyenangkan."" Menandai peringatan 40 tahun dapat menjadi salah satu pertunjukan terakhir Newton-John sebelum ia pensiun dari 50 tahun dalam bisnis pertunjukan. ""Seiring berjalannya waktu saya berpikir untuk melakukan lebih sedikit dan memiliki lebih banyak waktu luang, katanya. Tapi itu bukan pertama kalinya pikiran itu terlintas dalam pikirannya. Setiap tahun selama 20 tahun terakhir saya pikir saya pensiun dan kemudian seseorang akan katakan 'Bagaimana dengan ini?' dan itu seperti 'Oh itu terlihat menyenangkan' atau 'Bagaimana kalau ini?' ""Newton-John mengakui. ""Hal-hal yang aku tidak akan pernah pikirkan."""	Legit
Entertainment	Sean Spicer memberi tahu reporter untuk 'berhenti menggelengkan kepala'	"Sekretaris Pers Gedung Putih Sean Spicer mengatakan kepada seorang wartawan untuk ""berhenti menggelengkan kepala Anda"" selama pertukaran di briefing pers hariannya Selasa. Spicer tampak kesal oleh kepala biro Ryan Urban, April Washington untuk American Urban Radio Networks ketika dia bertanya apa yang akan dilakukan pemerintahan Presiden Trump untuk memperbaiki citranya menyusul laporan tentang hubungannya dengan Rusia. Spicer keberatan dengan premis yang mengatakan: ""Saya menghargai agenda Anda di sini. Pada beberapa titik, laporkan faktanya."" Dia mengatakan belum ada kolusi yang terbukti antara rekanan Trump dan pejabat Rusia atas campur tangan dalam pemilihan tahun lalu yang menyatakan bahwa ""jika presiden mengenakan salad Rusia pada saladnya malam ini, entah bagaimana itu adalah koneksi Rusia."" Spicer mengatakan Ryan tampak ""sangat ingin"" memproyeksikan citranya sendiri tentang Gedung Putih ketika dia bertanya apa yang mungkin dilakukan Trump untuk memperbaiki hubungan dengan mantan Menteri Luar Negeri Condoleezza Rice yang tidak mendukung kampanyenya dan bertemu dengan presiden kemudian minggu ini. ""Tolong berhentilah menggelengkan kepala Anda lagi, Spicer berkata kepada Ryan. Dia mengatakan presiden memenuhi janji untuk membangun jembatan dengan pendukung dan lawan."	Legit
Entertainment	"""Dancing With the Stars"": Pasangan pertama memenangkan kompetisi menari"	"Pada ""Dancing With the Stars"" pasangan selebritis pertama memenangkan setiap putaran meskipun kadang-kadang dinilai dengan kasar. Meskipun Chris Kattan melumpuhkan cedera dari masa lalunya. Chris Kattan, mantan bintang ""SNL"" yang dibagikan kepada dunia dalam sebuah video tentang cederanya yang ditunjukkan Senin malam. Dia menderita cedera lengan 10 tahun yang lalu. Mengetahui dia memiliki beberapa keterbatasan karena beberapa operasi, Chris dengan rendah hati mengetahui dia dengan pasangan dansa Witney Carson dipilih untuk menjadi pemenang di antara begitu banyak pasangan dansa yang layak lainnya dalam ""Dancing the With Stars"". Pernah tampil komedi fisik di ""SNL"" dan sekarang dengan air mata kegembiraan di matanya, mengatakan bahwa ia berjuang sangat keras untuk mencapai babak final."	Fake
Entertainment	Reaksi negatif pertama terhadap 'Pirates of the Caribbean 5' di CinemaCon	"""The Walt Disney Studios meluncurkan angsuran keempat dalam"" Pirates of the Caribbean ""franchise mereka"" Dead Men Tell No Tales ""Rabu malam di CinemaCon di Las Vegas. Reaksi awal dari mereka yang hadir termasuk pemilik teater dan peserta pameran sebagian besar negatif, mengutuk kembali ke bentuk untuk waralaba dan VFX yang mengerikan. Ulasan resmi berada di bawah embargo hingga 22 Mei. Film swashbuckling melihat kembalinya Johnny Depp sebagai Kapten Jack Sparrow dan Geoffrey Rush sebagai Barbossa dan memperkenalkan pemain muda baru termasuk Brenton Thwaites dan Kaya Scodelario, Javier Bardem, memainkan penjahat hantu dengan pembalasan karena mereka semua mencari trisula Poseidon di laut lepas, Orlando Bloom juga kembali sebagai Will Sparrow yang belum pernah bermain film ""Pirates"" sejak 2007 ""At World's End."" """" Dead Men Tell No Tales ""adalah film"" Pirates ""pertama sejak 2011"" On Stranger Tides ""dan film pertama yang disutradarai oleh Joachim R? Nning dan Espen Sandberg. ed lebih dari 3,73 miliar di seluruh dunia untuk studio dan ada beberapa tekanan pada film keempat ini untuk melanjutkan kesuksesan besar film-film sebelumnya sambil juga menebus reputasinya yang tertinggal. """	Fake
Entertainment	Apakah Huck benar-benar mati di 'Skandal?'	"Jangan menguburnya dulu Gladiator. Aktor yang memerankan Huck di ""Scandal"" ini memiliki kata-kata harapan bagi para penggemar yang kesal tentang episode cliffhanger minggu lalu di mana karakternya ditembak beberapa kali. Guillermo Diaz memperingatkan orang-orang untuk mengingat ""Skandal"" sering kali penuh kejutan. Aktor itu mengatakan kepada Tonight malam ini bahwa naskah di mana Meg menembak Huck ""baru saja mengejutkan saya - tidak ada permainan kata-kata yang dimaksudkan."" ""Reaksiku adalah aku benar-benar tidak percaya tetapi sangat bersemangat,"" katanya. Naskah yang sangat bagus, sangat menarik. Sebagai seorang aktor, aku sangat senang. "" Diaz mengatakan pencipta acara Shonda Rhimes dapat dikreditkan dengan membawa begitu banyak kegembiraan."	Legit
Entertainment	Apartemen NYC dengan piano David Bowie akan disewakan 10.000,00 per bulan	Anda dapat memiliki kesempatan seumur hidup dengan teras yang menghadap ke Times Square di New York. Anda juga akan memiliki kesempatan untuk membeli gedung tersebut seharga 64 juta. Gedung ini pernah dimiliki oleh David dan istrinya yang tercinta, Iman. Ini banyak sekali dan dipasarkan Senin. Mereka menjual bangunan ini 01 tahun setelah pernikahan mereka, piano Yamaha yang berlapis emas termasuk dalam penjualan dan masih ada sampai sekarang. Penjual saat ini tidak tertarik pada piano dan meninggalkannya untuk pemilik baru. Pikir saya adalah bahwa piano akan sulit untuk bergerak tetapi ini sangat bagus untuk pembeli potensial seperti yang diceritakan oleh agen eksklusif Bernice Leventhal dari Coran Agency. Rumah 1.778 kaki persegi tidak digunakan oleh pemilik saat ini. Hotel ini memiliki serambi mewah, beberapa bilik lemari, tiga kamar tidur utama dengan 2 kamar mandi utama, toilet berpemanas, lantai, dan langit-langit berkubah. Ini adalah tempat yang indah untuk menelepon ke rumah.	Fake
Entertainment	Apartemen NYC menampilkan piano David Bowie di pasar seharga 6,5 juta	"Kesempatan untuk memainkan piano almarhum David Bowie sambil menikmati pemandangan Central Park yang tidak terhalang di apartemen New York City bisa menjadi milik Anda sebesar 6,495 juta. Apartemen dengan dua kamar tidur dua setengah kamar mandi yang pernah dimiliki oleh Bowie dan istrinya Iman pergi ke pasar pada hari Senin. Pasangan ini menjual apartemen yang berlokasi di Essex House di Central Park South pada tahun 2002 10 tahun setelah mereka menikah. Piano Bowie Yamaha termasuk dalam penjualan tahun 2002 dan tetap di apartemen sejak itu. Penjual saat ini yang tidak membeli apartemen dari Bowie dan Iman menjaga tradisi tetap hidup dengan memasukkan piano dalam harga jual. ""Saya akan membayangkan itu sulit untuk bergerak tetapi saya pikir itu benar-benar tangkapan yang bagus untuk pembeli, agen eksklusif apartemen itu, Bernice Leventhal dari Grup Corcoran, kepada ABC News. Rumah seluas 1.877 kaki persegi digunakan sebagai pied-à- terre oleh pemiliknya saat ini. Hotel ini memiliki serambi batu kapur, bilik lemari, dua kamar tidur berukuran besar, dan kamar mandi utama dengan shower hujan dan lantai berpemanas."	Legit
Entertainment	Rapper Wiz Khalifa mengejutkan kritiknya dengan komentarnya ketika mengunjungi makam Pablo Escobar	Artis rap Amerika, Wiz Khalifa, biasanya menyulut kontroversi dan kritik negatif dengan kejenakaan publiknya. Namun, ini tidak terjadi ketika ia mengunjungi almarhum raja obat terlarang Pablo Escobar dan tempat pemakaman. Rapper memposting satu foto dirinya di kuburan yang berisi bunga hitam dengan komentar bahwa bunga adalah cara untuk menunjukkan bahwa dia pikir ini bukan cara untuk menjalani hidup seseorang. Dia juga memposting foto dirinya di luar properti - di mana dia mencatat bahwa apa yang terjadi di sini - situs pemboman dan upaya hidup Escobar - bukanlah kehidupan yang anak-anak jaman sekarang harus gemar bersuka ria dengan cara apa pun.	Fake
Entertainment	'Bates Motel' memotong 'Psycho' di musim terakhir	"Ada garis tipis antara pengambilan risiko secara kreatif dan penistaan saat berurusan dengan properti terkenal. Sementara ""Bates Motel"" mungkin tidak melakukan yang terakhir itu tampaknya telah mengorbankan hak untuk menagih dirinya sebagai prekuel ""Psycho."" Seri AE selalu muncul dengan tanggal kedaluwarsa bawaan yang menghadapi bahaya kehabisan real estat saat mengunyah cerita yang berkaitan dengan 1960 horor klasik Alfred Hitchcock. Pengaturan kontemporer juga membuat prosesnya kurang seram dengan ponsel dan perangkat modern lainnya yang mengubah dinamika mengatakan sendirian di ruang bawah tanah dengan seorang pembunuh berpakaian seperti ibunya. Masih pengumuman musim kelima dan terakhir yang akan tumpang tindih dengan film sebenarnya menciptakan beberapa kegembiraan: setelah remake yang keliru ini menawarkan jendela alternatif ke dalam cerita termasuk bagaimana peristiwa ini dibuka dari perspektif Norman / Norma Bates."	Legit
Entertainment	Demi Lovato memiliki kesan remaja yang sempurna	"Demi Lovato memang menyukai kesan remaja yang benar-benar sah. Lovato muncul di ""The Tonight Show"" Senin malam dan mengambil bagian dalam drama komedi ""Fall"" Jimmy Fallon. Persyaratannya termasuk mengenakan kuncir atas yang sangat berkilau dan mengunci bibir dengan bantal yang ditempeli wajah penyanyi Ed Sheeran. Bantal itu dijuluki ""bantal naksir"" oleh karakter Fallon di sandiwara. Sementara Lovato mempraktikkan keterampilan berciumannya dengan bantal Sheeran, Fallon mengerut ke atas bantal yang menampilkan wajah pembawa acara ""Extra"" Mario Lopez."	Legit
Entertainment	Chris Pratt menanggapi pemalu tubuh mengatakan kepadanya bahwa dia terlalu kurus	"Chris Pratt besar atau kecil telah mendengar semuanya. Belakangan ini bintang ""Guardians of the Galaxy"" bintang 37 menerima kritik karena terlalu kurus tetapi dia tidak membawanya berbaring. Pratt yang telah mendokumentasikan makanan ringan sehat yang dia makan saat syuting ""Jurassic World 2"" dalam serangkaian video Instagram ""What's My Snack"" balas ditembak - dengan cara yang biasa-biasa saja - setelah beberapa pengikut tampaknya menyarankan dia melihat terlalu kurus. ""Begitu banyak orang mengatakan saya terlihat terlalu kurus dalam episode terbaru saya tentang WHATSMYSNACK yang ia tulis di Instagram, Kamis. Beberapa orang bahkan mengatakan bahwa saya terlihat 'kerangka.' Yah, hanya karena aku laki-laki, bukan berarti aku kebal terhadap bisikanmu. Tubuh memalukan menyakitkan. """	Legit
Entertainment	Will Smith bersatu kembali dengan Fresh Prince Pals untuk Membuat Pertunjukan Baru	"Will Smith kembali bersama para pemeran The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, tetapi kali ini adalah untuk membuat pertunjukan prime-time baru berdasarkan sitkom klasik tahun 90-an. Rekaman akan dimulai pada akhir musim panas. Dalam sebuah posting Instagram, Alfonso Ribeiro (karakter Carleton dalam acara itu) menulis """" Selalu luar biasa untuk menghabiskan sore bersama keluarga Pangeran Baru saya. ""Berharap bahwa James Avery masih bersama kita untuk menyelesaikan ini."" Avery, yang memerankan karakter Paman Phil, meninggal pada tahun 2013. ""Kami akan menemukan cara untuk menghormati ingatannya dalam pertunjukan baru; ia adalah bagian integral dari aslinya."" Dalam foto Instragram, Smith dan Ribeiro bergabung oleh Tatyana Ali (Ashley) Karyn Parsons (Hilary) Daphne Maxwell Reid (Vivian) dan Joseph Marcell (Geoffrey). """	Fake
Entertainment	Elton John memutuskan untuk tidak merayakan ulang tahunnya yang ke-70 dan tetap di rumah	"""Elton John tidak suka pesta sehingga dia tidak merayakan ulang tahunnya yang ke-70 pada Sabtu malam. Penyanyi Inggris itu mengabaikan keluarga teman-temannya dan banyak A-listers yang mengaguminya dan membatalkan acara di Red Studios di Los Angeles. Malam itu tidak dipandu oleh Rob Lowe dan tidak menampilkan pertunjukan oleh Stevie Wonder Lady Gaga Ryan Adams dan lebih banyak lagi, karena dibatalkan. Akibatnya Wonder tidak ada di sana untuk membawakan lagu ""Happy Birthday"" ikoniknya dengan bantuan dari Lady Gaga sebagai peristiwa itu sebenarnya tidak pernah terjadi. Tak satu pun dari selebritas menghadiri gala yang juga berfungsi sebagai manfaat bagi Yayasan Elton John AIDS dan Museum Hammer di UCLA. Non dari orang-orang berikut: Neil Patrick Harris Jon Hamm Heidi Klum Dakota Johnson Jennifer Tilly dan Katy Perry tidak ada di pesta - karena itu tidak terjadi. """	Fake
Entertainment	Sir Paul McCartney di Lennon	"Kanye dan warisan musiknya sendiri ""Album terakhir Sir Paul McCartney tentang Bunga 80-an di Dirt dianggap sebagai salah satu yang terbaik dalam dekade ini. Dia bekerja sama dengan musisi baru, produser baru, dan mitra penulisan lagu baru dalam bentuk Elvis Costello dan itu mengilhami tur dunia pertamanya dalam 10 tahun. Sekarang setelah rekaman itu dirilis ulang lengkap dengan demo yang sebelumnya tidak pernah terjadi, Sir Paul berbicara kepada BBC 6 Music Matt Everitt tentang berkolaborasi dengan Costello Kanye West dan Michael Jackson - tetapi mengapa dia tidak akan pernah bekerja dengan siapa pun yang lebih baik dari John Lennon, Sir Paul juga mengungkapkan dia sedang mengerjakan album baru dengan produser Adele dan apa yang dia pikir akan menjadi warisan musiknya."	Legit
Entertainment	Apa yang diharapkan dari peringatan publik Carrie Fisher dan Debbie Reynolds	"Pada hari Sabtu publik mendapat kesempatan untuk mengucapkan selamat tinggal terakhir kepada Carrie Fisher dan ibunya Debbie Reynolds yang meninggal satu hari terpisah pada akhir Desember. Peringatan akan diadakan di Hall of Liberty di Forest Lawn Cemetery Hollywood Hills pukul 1 siang PT. Fans dapat hadir berdasarkan siapa datang pertama dilayani dan ketika aula dipenuhi mereka akan dapat berdiri di luar dan menonton layanan di layar. Tidak bisa sampai ke California? Semuanya akan disiarkan langsung di situs web Reynolds. Putra Reynolds, Todd Fisher mengatakan kepada Variety belum lama ini bahwa peringatan itu adalah yang diinginkan ibunya. ""Dia sangat terhubung dengan penggemarnya dan merasa mereka adalah bagian dari dirinya, katanya. Todd Fisher juga mengatakan bahwa video lagu yang ditulis James Blunt sebagai penghormatan kepada saudara perempuannya akan dirilis pada hari peringatan. Blunt dan Carrie Fisher adalah teman baik, sebelum dia mendapatkan ketenaran dengan lagu hitnya You're Beautiful, dia benar-benar tinggal bersamanya."	Legit
Entertainment	Pharrell the musical: Datang ke layar di dekat Anda	"Dia akrab sebagai produser musik dan penyanyi-penulis lagu pemenang penghargaan tetapi apa yang diketahui tentang kehidupan awal Pharrell Williams? Jika jawabannya ""tidak banyak"" itu bisa segera berubah karena masa muda Williams adalah menginspirasi musik layar lebar menurut The Hollywood Reporter. Williams 43 akan memproduksi Atlantis - digambarkan sebagai Romeo dan Juliet dengan lagu-lagu. Direktur Broadway Michael Mayer akan bertindak sebagai tangan penuntun proyek. Mayer terkenal karena produksi seperti Spring Awakening yang ia memenangkan penghargaan Tony serta American Idiot berdasarkan musik Green Day. Penulis Atlantis adalah Martin Hynes yang saat ini sedang mengerjakan film Toy Story keempat."	Legit
Entertainment	Reaksi pertama terhadap 'Pirates of the Caribbean 5' di CinemaCon	"Walt Disney Studios meluncurkan angsuran kelima dalam franchise ""Pirates of the Caribbean"" mereka ""Dead Men Tell No Tales"" Selasa malam di CinemaCon di Las Vegas. Reaksi awal dari mereka yang hadir termasuk pemilik teater dan peserta pameran sebagian besar positif merayakan pengembalian ke waralaba dan VFX yang dilakukan dengan baik. Ulasan resmi berada di bawah embargo hingga 22 Mei. Film swashbuckling melihat kembalinya Johnny Depp sebagai Kapten Jack Sparrow dan Geoffrey Rush sebagai Barbossa dan memperkenalkan pemain muda baru termasuk Brenton Thwaites dan Kaya Scodelario. Javier Bardem memainkan penjahat hantu dengan pembalasan karena mereka semua mencari trisula Poseidon di laut lepas. Orlando Bloom juga kembali sebagai Will Sparrow yang belum pernah bermain dalam film ""Pirates"" sejak tahun 2007 ""At World's End."" ""Dead Men Tell No Tales"" adalah film ""Pirates"" pertama sejak 2011 ""On Stranger Tides"" dan film pertama yang disutradarai oleh Joachim R? Nning dan Espen Sandberg. Hingga saat ini, waralaba telah meraup lebih dari 3,73 miliar di seluruh dunia untuk studio dan ada beberapa tekanan pada film kelima ini untuk melanjutkan kesuksesan luar biasa dari film-film sebelumnya sambil juga menebus reputasinya yang tertinggal."	Legit
Entertainment	Saluran 4 London akan diprivatisasi	"Rencana untuk memprivatisasi Saluran 2 telah diterima, menurut Sekretaris Budaya Karen Bradley. Pemerintah Inggris berencana untuk melepaskan diri dari saluran televisi publik pada akhir tahun ini. Dalam upaya untuk menghemat uang pada anggaran pemerintah, pemerintah Inggris berencana untuk menjual Saluran 4 untuk sebagian yang tidak diungkapkan kepada Gateway Partners, Inc. Gateway adalah dana ekuitas swasta yang dikenal untuk membalikkan bisnis yang tertekan. Kata Sekretaris Bradley, ""Penjualan Channel 2 tidak hanya akan menjadi hal yang baik untuk anggaran Inggris tetapi juga untuk konsumen televisi. Kami yakin penjualan akan mengarah pada perbaikan yang sangat dibutuhkan untuk stasiun penyiaran dan investasi pembaruan yang sangat dibutuhkan untuk stasiun penyiaran. "" Saluran yang dimiliki publik memiliki lebih dari 800 staf dan proposal telah ditinjau oleh pemerintah selama 18 bulan terakhir."	Fake
Entertainment	Shailene Woodley memimpin mogok makan di penjara atas pipa	Aktris AS Shailene Woodley telah mengumumkan kepada sesama narapidana dan penjaga penjara North Dakota bahwa ia akan memimpin mogok makan terhadap pipa minyak Dakota Access. Woodley adalah awal dari Divergent Series. Dia ditangkap di situs pipa minyak Dakota Oktober lalu, bersama 26 aktivis lainnya. Aksi mogok makannya telah didukung dan dipuji oleh para aktivis penduduk asli Amerika di seluruh wilayah tersebut, yang menentang jaringan pipa dengan alasan bahwa itu akan melanggar tanah suci mereka.	Fake
Entertainment	Planet Bumi dibatalkan setelah skandal Bafta	Meskipun sukses awal, film dokumenter BBC One Planet Earth II, yang diperkirakan akan dinominasikan untuk beberapa Penghargaan Kerajinan, telah meninggalkan jaringan setelah konflik yang tidak diungkapkan dengan BBC. Sebuah sumber yang tidak disebutkan namanya di BBC mengkonfirmasi bahwa produser eksekutif Planet Earth membuat pernyataan rasis dalam pertemuan pribadi, yang mengakibatkan penarikan semua sembilan nominasi mereka. Produser eksekutif Planet Earth menolak berkomentar dan sejak itu menghapus akun Twitter-nya. Pelari terdepan saat ini dalam Craft Awards termasuk Netflix's Crown dan BBC's Night Manager.	Fake
Entertainment	Bagaimana 'Bones' melahirkan generasi baru ilmuwan wanita	"""Bones"" Fox akan berakhir pada hari Selasa setelah menghasilkan 246 episode kasus-kasus kejahatan yang sering berdarah retak oleh tim yang dipimpin oleh Dr. Temperance Brennan (Emily Deschanel) yang brilian. Untuk beberapa pemirsa wanita dari serial yang sudah berjalan lama, acara ini lebih dari sekadar entmt; itu mendorong mereka untuk mengejar karir di bidang sains. Morgan O. John adalah salah satunya. Dia adalah ""orang bodoh"" - istilah sayang yang digunakan oleh penggemar acara untuk menggambarkan diri mereka sebagai kolektif - tetapi juga apa pun kecuali. Pemain berusia 22 tahun hanya beberapa bulan lagi dari menyelesaikan jurusan ganda dalam antropologi dan bahasa Prancis di Texas Christian University di Fort Worth Texas. Tumbuh dalam apa yang dia gambarkan sebagai ""sebuah kota pedesaan yang sangat sangat terpencil di Louisiana Barat Daya, banyak kepala sekolah atau perguruan tinggi terdekat setelah lulus dari sekolah menengah dan hidup tenang tanpa kehidupan"" yang rumit."	Legit
Entertainment	Penggemar Sedam Sedih Memuja Seri BE Motel	Produksi AE yang brilian dari 'Bates Motel' sedang menuju ke buku-buku sejarah setelah menjalankan mendebarkan yang menyenangkan jutaan penggemarnya. Perbedaan kreatif telah menghentikan program inovatif ini, yang mengalahkan versi Gus Van Sant 1998 dari Psycho sebagai penghormatan penuh semangat terhadap film horor Alfred Hitchcock. Pengaturan saat ini dari seri AE menambah masalah modern pada yang sebelumnya dihadapi oleh pengunjung di Bates Motel. Renovasi yang cerdas ini meningkatkan versi Alfred Hitchcock yang agak kuno menjadi sesuatu yang benar-benar dapat diidentifikasi oleh pemirsa. Aktingnya juga lebih unggul daripada versi lama yang agak datar, tidak berwarna,. Untungnya, masih ada satu musim lagi di dalam kaleng, jadi kesenangan belum berakhir. Kita semua akan sedih melihat seri hebat ini berakhir	Fake
Entertainment	Jake Gyllenhaal segan dengan topik hubungannya dengan Ryan Reynolds	"Jake Gyllenhaal diwawancarai minggu lalu oleh Michael Strahan tentang film komedi romantis barunya, ""Loaf"", yang membintangi lawannya Ryan Reynolds. Ryan memerankan Dr. David Jordan, ketertarikan romantis karakter Gyllenhaal dalam kisah Mars dan Venus ini. Karakter itu tidak berpengalaman sebagai dokter dan merasa keluar dari elemennya dalam hubungan baru ini dan dalam profesi barunya. Gyllenhaal menggambarkan karakter Ryan sebagai seorang romantis yang menolak untuk diturunkan ke bumi tidak peduli bagaimana keadaan di negara ini atau di dunia saat ini. Setiap karakter percaya dia memiliki kaki di tanah, tetapi keduanya cenderung terbang ke luar angkasa ketika segala sesuatunya menjadi sulit dan mereka harus menghadapi kehidupan di daerah yang dilanda perang yang terasa seperti tinggal di Mars dengan mitra Venus. Wawancara ditayangkan di ""Good Morning America"" dan kemudian sebagian ditampilkan di CBS Evening News."	Fake
Entertainment	DEMI LOVATO MENGAMBIL TUJUAN DI PENGGEMAR REMAJA DI 'TONIGHT SHOW'	Demi Lovato muncul di Tonight Show Jimmy Fallon dan melakukan panggang penuh penggemar remaja. Lovato mengenakan atasan berpayet, kuncir, dan berpura-pura bermesraan dengan bantal dengan wajah sesama penyanyi Ed Sheeran di atasnya. Selama tindakan Lovato, Fallon merespons dengan mencium bantal yang menampilkan Extra's Mario Lopez.	Fake
Entertainment	Chrissy Teigen	"Patricia Arquette dan lebih banyak bereaksi terhadap insiden legging United Airlines ""Setelah United Airlines melarang dua gadis naik pesawat akhir pekan ini karena mereka mengenakan legging yang menurut perusahaan merupakan bagian dari kebijakan mereka untuk keluarga dan teman-teman karyawan yang bepergian secara gratis dengan aktor siaga dan aktivis telah dibawa ke media sosial untuk mengkritik pilihan maskapai dalam insiden tersebut. Aktivis Shannon Watts pertama-tama men-tweet insiden tersebut pada Minggu pagi menulis ""Seorang agen gerbang bersatu tidak membiarkan gadis-gadis di legging melakukan penerbangan dari Denver ke Minneapolis karena spandex tidak diperbolehkan ""Watts adalah ibu dari lima anak dan pendiri Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense di Amerika. Setelah outlet berita utama menerima laporan tentang insiden di Denver, seorang juru bicara maskapai mengkonfirmasi laporan ke ABC News dan menambahkan bahwa dua remaja bukan t diperbolehkan di penerbangan karena legging ""tidak sesuai dengan kebijakan kode berpakaian untuk perjalanan manfaat perusahaan, sebuah program yang memungkinkan para pekerja maskapai penerbangan dan keluarga mereka bepergian gratis, tetapi dalam pedoman tertentu. Ada aturan berbeda untuk hak istimewa ini karena orang-orang terbang secara gratis, tambah juru bicara itu."	Legit
Entertainment	Remaja dengan kanker meninggal sebelum Beyonce memenuhi keinginan terakhir siswa.	"Tadi malam, sekelompok siswa sedih dari Alief Hastings High School mengadakan nyala lilin di tempat latihan band untuk menghormati salah satu lulusan mereka sendiri, Ebony Banks, mantan anggota penjaga warna. Ebony, dari Houston, telah berjuang melawan kanker yang langka, dan sehari sebelum kematiannya, teman-temannya berusaha mengatur acara Face time dengan idolanya, Beyonce. Menemukan bahwa Beyonce tidak dapat ikut serta dalam acara tersebut, karena pertunangan sebelumnya, anggota penjaga warna berkumpul di luar rumah Ebony memegang lilin mereka di udara dan bergoyang mengikuti hit Beyonce, ""Halo."" Orang tua Ebony membantunya ke jendela tempat dia bisa melihat teman-temannya yang berkumpul untuk menghormatinya. Seorang juru bicara untuk Distrik Sekolah Independen Alief, Craig Eichhorn, mengatakan kepada ABC News bahwa para siswa sangat kecewa karena Beyonce tidak akan menemukan waktu untuk membawa sedikit kegembiraan kepada seorang penggemar yang sedang sekarat, sehingga mereka berhasil membawa senyum ke wajahnya sendiri. Eichhorn juga mengkonfirmasi bahwa Banks telah meninggal berjam-jam kemudian."	Fake
Entertainment	Planet Earth memimpin bidang dengan sembilan nominasi Bafta Craft	Planet Bumi II sangat populer dengan pemirsa ketika ditayangkan tahun lalu - dan sekarang tampaknya memukau Bafta juga. Film dokumenter BBC One telah menerima sembilan nominasi sebelum Craft Awards tahunan yang merayakan talenta di balik layar di televisi. Drama Netflix, The Crown, diikuti dengan tujuh nominasi, sedangkan The Night Manager dari BBC mendapat enam nominasi. Pemenang akan diumumkan pada tanggal 23 April tiga minggu jelang Bafta Television Awards pada 14 Mei. Berikut ini rundown program mana yang cocok untuk apa.	Legit
Entertainment	Scarlett Johansson membuka tentang 'Ghost in the Shell'	"Aktris Scarlett Johansson membuka tentang film barunya ""Ghost in the Shell yang membahas kontroversi seputar dirinya yang dilemparkan sebagai pahlawan wanita dan membahas kesulitan menjadi seorang wanita di Hollywood, dalam sebuah wawancara dengan pembawa acara Good Morning America"" Michael Strahan yang ditayangkan hari ini. Johansson mengatakan bahwa ketika ""Ghost in the Shell"" pertama kali menarik perhatiannya, ""rasanya sangat menakutkan menambahkan bahwa putrinya masih sangat muda, dan ruang kepalaku sama sekali tidak seperti dalam 'Ghost in the Shell.'"" "" Tapi saya pikir, sangat sulit untuk menolak kesempatan untuk menjadi yang terdepan dan terpusat pada sesuatu yang memiliki fanbase built-in yang sangat berdedikasi dan benar-benar terobsesi dengan kata aktris itu. sesuatu seperti ini ditambahkan Johansson, sebagai seorang aktor ... sebagai seorang wanita itu langka. Saya harap itu tidak selalu begitu jarang tetapi memang begitu. """	Legit
Entertainment	Perasaan malu membuat Emma Thompson keluar dari Los Angeles	"Terlepas dari ketenarannya sebagai aktris, Emma Thompson tidak pernah pindah ke Los Angeles, tempat elit Hollywood bekerja dan membeli rumah mahal di komunitas yang terjaga keamanannya. Mengapa? Karena dia merasa dia terlalu gemuk. Selama wawancara di televisi Swedia, Thompson mengatakan: ""Ini adalah tempat yang aneh, dan saya tidak bisa tinggal di sana."" Dia kemudian menjelaskan bahwa banyak aktris anoreksia karena produsen terus-menerus mendesak mereka untuk menurunkan berat badan. Para wanita muda akan memiliki angka-angka yang indah, dan produsen masih akan menuntut agar mereka menurunkan berat badan. Mereka hanya tidak makan sehingga mereka dapat menemukan pekerjaan. Thompson mengatakan bahwa dia mengancam akan meninggalkan film Brideshead Revisited ketika seorang lawan mainnya diperintahkan untuk menurunkan berat badan. Dia mengatakan bahwa penghasil lemak yang memalukan sekarang sedang diarahkan bahkan anak-anak dan anak lelaki dan laki-laki pun tidak kebal. Perasaan malu berlanjut sampai bintang berusia 30-an. Pada saat itu banyak yang telah mengembangkan gangguan makan permanen."	Fake
Entertainment	Bintang 'Walking Dead' Lauren Cohan pada season 7 final: 'Ini memilukan'	"Lauren Cohan yang telah memainkan Maggie peternak perempuan yang menjadi petarung sejak musim kedua dari ""The Walking Dead tidak memberikan spoiler untuk final musim 7. Tapi dia mengakui bahwa itu akan memilukan."" ""Kamu pasti dalam banyak emosi dia mengatakan kepada HarpersBazaar.com dalam sebuah wawancara baru. [Ini] sangat pahit indah dan memilukan."" Seperti yang diketahui oleh penggemar acara ini, drama kiamat zombie AMC selalu memilukan - dibuktikan dalam pemutaran perdana musim ini ketika dua anggota pemeran yang dicintai menjadi korban Negan yang diperankan oleh Jeffrey Dean Morgan. Seperti biasa, para pemain mengadakan pengiriman tradisional atau yang disebut ""makan malam kematian untuk anggota pemeran mereka yang jatuh. Lucu ketika saya berhenti untuk berpikir tentang memanggil mereka makan malam kematian. Ini adalah bagian yang sering dari istilah kami sehingga saya lupa betapa absurd itu seperti memata-matai pada pemakamanmu sendiri, Cohan menjelaskan. Kami memiliki beberapa malam terbaik kami bersama mereka. Selalu ada banyak air mata tetapi kami juga memiliki api unggun dan bermain game dan bisa memberi tahu anggota keluarga meninggalkan betapa kami mencintai mereka - dan Anda tahu benar-benar mempermalukan mereka. """	Legit
Entertainment	Rapper Wiz Khalifa anatoa hasira kwa kutembelea kaburi la Pablo Escobar	Msanii wa rap wa Amerika Wiz Khalifa amezua mzozo kabisa katika ziara yake nchini Colombia. Wakati wa safari ya kufanya sherehe katika Medellin mtu huyo mashuhuri alituma picha kwenye akaunti yake ya Instagram ya yeye akionekana kulipa ushuru kwa bwana wa dawa ya marehemu wa Colombia Pablo Escobar. Rapper huyo alituma picha moja ya maua yenye rangi nzuri kwenye jiwe kuu la kaburi. Wiz Khalifa pia alituma picha kadhaa za yeye akivuta bangi karibu na kaburi la Escobar na picha ya yeye akiweka nje ya eneo la mali - tovuti ya bomu na jaribio juu ya maisha ya Escobar miaka ya 80- ya zamani ilikuwa inamilikiwa na bwana wa madawa ya kulevya aliyekufa katika upigaji risasi na viongozi huko Medellin mnamo 1993.	Legit
Entertainment	Sote tunajua ni kwanini haki imekasirika kwa Tomi Lahren	"Tomi Lahren anayezaliwa na mwenezaji wa kubadilika anapata bahati mbaya juu ya kile haki inafikiria wanawake. Lahren mwenye umri wa miaka 24 anayejulikana kwa monologues yake ya video iliyotolewa kwa sauti ya kibinafsi ya kupendeza ikiongezeka hadi kujulikana kwa haraka ndani ya media ya mrengo wa kulia. Yeye ni mchanga blond aliyetolewa maoni na mwenye kihafidhina na haogopi kutumia rufaa ya ngono kama cudgel. ""Inaonekana wanawake wa kike ni juu ya uhuru wa kujieleza iwapo wanawake watakuwa wazito au huzidi yeye anasema kwenye video moja. Kuwa mwanamke mchanga, mrembo na mrembo pia alitoa kifuniko chake kufanya aina ya maoni ya kushangaza ambayo yangemeza mengine. kazi - kupendekeza, kwa mfano, kwamba wakimbizi wa Syria wanaokimbia kwa ajili ya maisha yao (na maisha ya watoto wao) walikuwa waoga ambao hawatakaa kutetea nchi yao. Wamarekani husimama na kupigania familia ya imani na uhuru unasoma maandishi yaliyofunikwa picha yake mwenyewe, ambayo aliigawia. Washami wakimbia. """	Legit
Entertainment	"Nyota ya ""Kutembea Aliyekufa"" Lauren Cohan anasema wahusika ""wa Chakula cha Kifo"""	"Lauren Cohen, nyota wa ""Walking Dead"" ya AMC anasema kwamba washiriki wake wana njia ya kipekee ya kushikamana. ""Tunapenda kuwa na mazishi ya bandia kwa washiriki wenzetu. Tunajifanya hawako ndani ya chumba na wanasema kumbukumbu za utani, utani na kumbukumbu juu ya mtu huyo. Ningeweza kusema tunamcheshi mgonjwa."""	Fake
Entertainment	Katy Perry hulipa ushuru kwa kuuawa katika ajali ya gari	"Katy Perry amelipa ushuru maalum kwa superfan wa miaka 18 ambaye alikufa katika ajali ya gari. Kulingana na mshirika wa KTBS-TV huko Shreveport Louisiana mwenye umri wa miaka 18 Katie Bell alikufa mwishoni mwa wiki iliyopita wakati alipoteza udhibiti wa gari lake na kugongana kichwa na gari lingine. Dereva mwingine pia aliuawa. ""Tunakuona malaika na tunakupenda na tutakukosa Perry tamil mnamo Jumanne asubuhi. Taa ya KC ni mshumaa wa Katie. Pumzika kwa Amani."" Alijumuisha moja ya video za Bell kwenye tweet yake. Habari za kifo cha Bell inaonekana zilichochea hashtag RIPKatycatKatie - Mashabiki wa Perry hujiita ""KatyCats"" - na Perry mwenyewe aligundua. Kuheshimu zaidi Bell Perry alibadilisha jina lake kwenye wasifu wake wa Twitter kuwa hashtag ya Bell."	Legit
Entertainment	Michelle Pfeiffer anasema yeye yuko wazi zaidi kufanya kazi sasa watoto wake wamezeeka	"Michelle Pfeiffer anasanya ratiba ya shughuli nyingi siku hizi. Akiongea na mkurugenzi Darren Aronofsky wa Jarida la Mahojiano alisema kazi yake ya Hollywood iliwekwa kwenye burner ya nyuma baada ya kupata watoto lakini sasa yuko tayari kurudi kwenye mchezo huo. ""Sijawahi kupoteza mapenzi yangu kwa kuigiza. Ninahisi kweli niko nyumbani kwenye sinema. Mimi ni mtu mwenye usawa zaidi wakati ninafanya kazi Pfeiffer alimwambia Aronofsky. Lakini nilikuwa mwangalifu kuhusu ni wapi nilipiga risasi hadi lini ilikuwa mbali ikiwa au ilifanya kazi na ratiba ya watoto. Na nilipata uteuzi ambao sikuwa mbaya. "" Kwa sasa yeye ni ""kiota tupu alisema; binti yake Claudia Rose Pfeiffer ni 24 na mtoto John Henry Kelley ni 22. Hii imempa uwezo wa kuchukua majukumu zaidi. Mwaka huu, atatokea kwenye HBO's The Wizard of Lies ""kando na"" Mama ""wa Robert De Niro Aronofsky na marekebisho ya Agatha Christie"" Murder on the Orient Express ambayo pia itaigiza nyota ya Johnny Depp, Josh Gad na Penelope Cruz. Alipata pia nyota katika filamu ya indie yuko wapi Kyra? "" ambayo ilizinduliwa mapema mwaka huu."	Legit
Entertainment	Picha ya Burn Baby Burn George Michael iliyonunuliwa kwa mnada na Waandamanaji wa Anti-Gay Orlando Baptist Prints inakwenda kwa moto	"Kama Wabatisti wa Westboro, kikundi cha Orlando Baptist hakiwezi kupitisha nafasi ya kucheza kwenye kaburi. Picha ya marehemu George Michael na msanii Damien Hirst imeuzwa kwa bei ya chini ya nusu milioni tu katika mnada wa kutoa misaada wiki iliyopita na kikundi hicho, ambacho kiliwasha kwa moto kama kitovu cha moto wao wa chuki. Maandamano dhahiri juu ya waimbaji wa marehemu kifo na kutukuzwa yalifanywa moja kwa moja kando na barabara kutoka kwa waimbaji wa marehemu wa ukumbusho wa umma. ""Mara baada ya kuwasha kila mtu kuwa mfuaji wa moto"" alisoma ishara moja. Lakini George Michael labda alikuwa amepata kicheko cha mwisho katika kupotosha kanisani kanisa hilo halinunulia uchoraji tu lakini hawakujua pesa hizo hazikuenda kwenye nyumba ya sanaa ya mifuko ya Mr. Uchoraji wa Upendo utaenda kwa upendo wa VVU / Ukimwi The Goss-Michael Foundation. Ufadhili huo ulianzishwa na Michael na mwenzi wake wa zamani Kenny Goss. Goss aliweka picha ya mchoro kwenye uandishi wa Instagram: ""Matokeo ya kushangaza ya 580 000 (karibu £ 461 011)."" Alifafanua Damien Hirst kama ""superstar"" na kuongeza: ""Asante Damien"" Turubai ilienda chini ya nyundo huko Dallas Texas huko MTV Re: fafanua hafla ya upendo. Michael ambaye alifurahiya kazi ya faida ya pop kama nusu ya duo Wham kabla ya kuanza kazi ya kufanikiwa ya solo alikufa Siku ya Krismasi mwaka jana akiwa na miaka 53. """	Fake
Entertainment	Bill O'Reilly akiomba msamaha baada ya kufanya mzaha wa kijamaa kuhusu mshirika	"Mtangazaji wa Fox News Bill O'Reilly aliomba msamaha Jumanne baada ya kuchomwa moto kwa kumkejeli nywele za mwanamke mweusi. Wakati wa kuonekana kwenye ""Marafiki wa Fox O'Reilly alijibu kwa kipande cha Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) akiwasilisha hotuba kwenye sakafu ya Baraza la Wawakilishi. Sikusikia neno ambalo alisema O'Reilly alisema juu ya Maji. Nilikuwa nikitazama wig ya James Brown. "" ""Ikiwa tunayo picha ya James Brown - ndiye huyo wig ambaye ameongeza. Maneno hayo yalishutumiwa sana kama wa rangi na wa kijinsia kwenye mtandao wa Twitter, ambapo jina la O'Reilly lilikuwa linaendelea Jumanne asubuhi na alasiri. Katika taarifa Jumanne alasiri. ""Reilly alionyesha kujuta kwa maelezo hayo. Kama nilivyosema mara nyingi mimi humheshimu Mwanachama wa Congress Maxine Waters kwa kuwa mkweli katika imani yake alisema. Nilisema hivyo leo kwa marafiki wa Fox wakimwita 'shule ya zamani.' Kwa bahati mbaya pia nilifanya kejeli juu ya nywele zake ambazo zilikuwa bubu. Ninaomba msamaha. """	Legit
Entertainment	Chris Pratt anajibu kwa wenye mwili wakimwambia yeye ni mjinga na mgonjwa	Chris Pratt mkubwa au mdogo amesikia yote, Walezi wa nyota ya Unique 37 hawachukui uvumi wa hivi karibuni kuwa amelala chini. Pratt amekuwa akirekodi mlo wake ambao anakula wakati wa kutazama sinema inayokuja ya Jurassic World 3. Ana kurusha kwenye mtandao kwa ushujaa sana baada ya wafuasi wengine kusema kuwa anahitaji kupata nyama kwenye mifupa yake baada ya nini vitafunio vyangu kwenye Instagram . Wengine walisema anaonekana kama mifupa na anahitaji msaada haraka. Chris alisema kuwa kwa sababu yeye ni kiume haimaanishi kwamba kutetemeka kwa mwili hakuumiza.	Fake
Entertainment	Alec Baldwin anasema alikaribia kucheza kwa Donald Trump kwenye 'SNL'	"Alec Baldwin amefunguka kuwa karibu alipita kucheza na Donald Trump kwenye ""Saturday Night Live."" Muigizaji huyo alimweleza Vanity Fair kwa hadithi yake ya jalada ya Aprili kwamba hapo awali alipitisha utayarishaji wa ""SNL"" Lorne Michaels kucheza na Trump lakini akabadilisha mawazo yake baada ya jukumu la filamu kupotea. ""Nilitakiwa kufanya filamu. Na watu ambao walikuwa wakifanya filamu walitakiwa kuweka pesa ili kuhakikisha kuwa nitalipwa alisema kwenye video iliyoambatana na hadithi ya jalada. Wala hawakuweka pesa hizo escrow. Na hapo ndipo nilipofungia na kusema kuwa sitaenda kufanya sinema na nitaenda kufanya jambo hilo na Lorne. Na ninafikiria mwenyewe 'Je! Ikiwa singefanya hivyo?' ... Imegeuka kuwa fursa hii nzuri. "" Maoni ya Baldwin yamekuwa maarufu sana hivi kwamba ameisisitiza kuwa kitabu kitakachokuja cha kisasa na kufanya rekodi yake ya 17 kama mwenyeji wa ""SNL"" mapema mwaka huu. Anazungumza juu ya kucheza Trump akifanya kazi na nyota ""SNL"" Kate McKinnon na Tina Fey na anaangazia nyota katika jukumu bora la maisha yake katika memoir yake mpya ""Walakini kutokana na mwezi ujao. Vanity Fair alichapisha Excerpt kipekee."	Legit
Entertainment	Ex-Fox News CFO haitakuwa na kinga katika uchunguzi wa Roger Ailes	"""Uchunguzi wa shirikisho unatokana na tuhuma za unyanyasaji wa kijinsia zilizotolewa dhidi ya mkuu wa zamani wa News Fox Roiles Ailes zilibadilika sana Jumanne na ripoti kwamba waendesha mashtaka watakanusha kinga yoyote kwa CFO ya Fox News. Mark Kranz Fox News 'afisa mkuu wa kifedha wa habari hadi kustaafu kwake mwisho August amepewa kinga kutoka kwa upande wa mashtaka badala ya ushirikiano wake na uchunguzi vyanzo viwili na maarifa ya jambo lililothibitishwa kwa CNNMoney.Lakini, zawadi hizo zimetolewa baada ya CFO kukataa kuonyesha katika tarehe za mahakama. Karne ya 21 Fox ilipotosha wawekezaji kwa kujificha malipo kwa wafanyikazi wa Fox News ambao walidai kwamba walinyanyaswa kingono na Ailes.Kama CFO Kranz alihusika moja kwa moja katika kuandaa taarifa za kifedha za kampuni hiyo na kwa hivyo ni shahidi muhimu katika upeanaji wa vyanzo vya habari. walikataa kutoa maoni yao juu ya suala hilo. Spika wa Idara ya Sheria na Shtaka la Amerika Ofisi ya Orney kwa Wilaya ya Kusini mwa New York ambayo inashughulikia uchunguzi pia ilikataa kutoa maoni. """	Fake
Entertainment	Emma Thompson alihisi 'mafuta sana' kuishi katika LA	"Mwigizaji wa Uingereza Emma Thompson amesema hajawahi kuhamia Los Angeles kwa sababu alihisi kuwa aliona ""ni mafuta sana"" wakati alipotembelea. ""Ni mahali pa kushangaza na sikuweza kuishi huko aliiambia Skavlan ya maongezi ya gumzo. Mshindi wa Oscar pia alilaani shinikizo kwa watendaji kuwa nyembamba. Anorexia - kuna watoto wengi wa wasichana na wavulana sasa na waigizaji ambao ni watu wazuri sana. mwembamba sana ambaye yuko katika umri wa miaka 30 [na] hatakula tu alisema. Nyota hiyo pia ilifunua kwamba alitishia kuacha kufanya kazi kwenye filamu ya 2008 Brideshead Revisited akimwona nyota mwenza ambaye ameambiwa atoe pauni hizo. : Watayarishaji walimwambia ""Je! Utapunguza uzani?"" Alikuwa mwenye furaha kabisa. ""Niliwaambia 'Ikiwa utaongea naye juu ya hili tena kwa kiwango chochote nitaacha picha hii. Kamwe hautafanya hivyo."	Legit
Entertainment	Nini cha kutarajia kutoka kwa ukumbusho wa umma wa Carrie Fisher na Debbie Reynolds:	"""Ijumaa wachache watachaguliwa watapata nafasi ya kusema kwaheri kwa Carrie Fisher na mama yake Debbie Reynolds ambaye alikufa siku kumi tofauti mapema mwezi Machi. Ukumbusho huo utafanyika kwenye Hekalu la Kitaifa la Atheist saa 7 asubuhi ya ET. Hakuna mtu atakayeruhusiwa kuingia bila kununua kwanza tikiti 50, mapato yatakayopatikana kutoka kwa msaada wa huduma ya afya ya akili kutajwa baadaye.Matokeo hayataweza kuonekana kutoka mahali popote lakini ndani ya hekalu. Mwana wa Reynolds Billy Bob Todd John aliliambia Vanity Fair kwamba ukumbusho huo sio kitu kama vile alikuwa anatarajia na hakutaka mtu yeyote ahudhurie. ""Alichukia mashabiki wake na alichukia tamasha. Angeona aibu juu ya onyesho hili. """	Fake
Entertainment	Sienna Miller anasifu hati kwa jukumu jipya	Sienna Miller amsifu sana mkurugenzi na mwandishi wa filamu yake mpya - Waliopotea City wa Z. Ana jukumu la mke mwaminifu na anayeungwa mkono na mpelelezi wa Amazon Percy Fawcett (iliyochezwa na Charlie Hunnam), anayetafuta jiji la kushangaza lililopotea huko muundo huu wa hadithi ya kweli. Umuhimu wake wa kuhusika na mhusika huyo ulimpelekea kumwasilisha mkurugenzi huyo kwa sehemu iliyonakiliwa ya maandishi, ambayo mkurugenzi baadaye aliunda kama agano la Sienna.	Fake
Entertainment	Elvis Costello Blasts Kanyne Zaidi ya Kutolewa kwa Albamu	Katika mahojiano na BBC 6 Costello alitoa maoni kwamba wazo hilo la Kanyne kujaribu kufanya kazi ya Sir Paul McCartney lilikuwa lenye kuchukiza kama mchafu mchafu na la kupendeza tu. Mtayarishaji wa Adele Matt Everitt alisema kuwa wakati 'Maua' Katika Uchafu 'ilikuwa moja ya albamu bora ya kazi ya McCartney, hakuona tu rufaa ya umma kwa mashabiki kwa msanii huyu kuchunguza kazi hii. Wigo wa shabiki wa vikundi hivi viwili ni tofauti sana, mtu tu aliye na sifa ya nyota ya Michael Jackson anaweza au anayepaswa kujaribu jaribio hilo. Labda Kanye anapaswa kukaribia mali isiyohamishika ya Prince na atoe kununua kazi zake ambazo hazijachapishwa.	Fake
Entertainment	Haijui sana kushinda tuzo za utengenezaji wa muziki au ujuzi wa mwimbaji-mwimbaji, lakini kile watu wanajua kuhusu maisha ya mapema ya Pharrell sio kitu. Hakuwa na tumaini na ndoto na muziki uliangukia kwenye mikono yake. Atakuwa anatengeneza sinema ya sinema lakini atakuwa na mtu mwingine akamaliza kwa ajili yake.	"Huko Washington, mwanamke wa kwanza Melania Trump, mke wa tatu na Donald Trump, Rais wa Amerika, alizungumzia juu ya usawa na uhuru kwa wanawake kwenye sherehe ya Siku ya Wanawake ya Kimataifa huko White House. Chakula cha mwaliko pekee kilikuwa kimejawa na wanawake wa jamii ya hali ya juu, ambao walionekana kupokelewa na kile Melania alichosema. Melania alibaini ""kama mwanamke mhamiaji, najua changamoto na ugumu ambao wanawake wote hufanya - wale kutoka Amerika, na wale sio."" Aliendelea kugundua kuwa maswala ya wanawake yatakuwa mada muhimu anayoishughulikia wakati Mwanadada wa Kwanza."	Fake
Entertainment	Tomb Raider: Picha ya kwanza ya Alicia Vikander kama Lara Croft iliyotolewa	"Ni kazi ya vumbi kuwa Rider Tomb kama picha ya kwanza ya Alicia Vikander kama Lara Croft anavyoonyesha. Mshindi-mshindi wa Oscar-Sweden anachukua kutoka kwa Angelina Jolie katika filamu ya hivi karibuni kutoka kwa picha maarufu ya mchezo wa video. Imefafanuliwa kama reboot filamu hiyo inasemekana kuwa asili ya taswira kutoka kwa njama ya mchezo wa Tomb Raider iliyotolewa mnamo 2013. Kuelekezwa na fadhili anayeitwa Roar Uthaug ni kwa sababu Machi 2018. Vikander ambaye alishinda Oscar kwa Msichana wa Kideni anafafanua. Lara kama ""mhusika kweli"" ambaye anafanya kama ""mfano kwa wanawake vijana"". ""Anajaribu kuteka mahali pake ulimwenguni na kuunganisha hatma yake na yule wa zamani wa miaka 28 aliiambia Vanity Fair. Mkurugenzi wa Norway Uthaug alisema filamu hiyo - ambayo pia inaangazia Dominic West kama baba wa Croft - isingezingatia tu Lara's nguvu na mafanikio ya mwili lakini ubinadamu wake ""."	Legit
Entertainment	Michelle Pfeiffer anasema 'anatafuta kupumzika na kupumzika' sasa watoto wake wanapokuwa watu wazima	"""Michelle Pfeiffer"" sasa anafurahiya wakati mwingi wa bure siku hizi. Tulizungumza na kumuelekeza Darren Aronofsky kwa Mahojiano Magainze ambaye alisema kazi ya Hollywood ya Pfeiffer haikuwa ya kushikiliwa baada ya kupata watoto, na alifanya kazi kwa bidii sana kuwa mama na kama mwigizaji. Lakini kwa kuwa sasa wamekua, ameamua kwamba anahitaji likizo ndefu. ""Sijawahi kupoteza upendo wangu kwa kaimu, lakini nahisi ni wakati wa kupumzika na kupumzika, na ninataka kufurahiya ulimwengu na maisha kwa miaka yangu yote kusafiri na kutumia wakati na familia"" alisema Michelle Pfeiffer. Watoto wake Claudia Rose Pfeiffer ni 24, na mtoto wa mtoto wake John Henry Kelley ni 22. Mwaka huu, Michelle Pfeiffer haangalii kwenye vipindi vya luninga au filamu. Anaamini kuwa amefanya kazi ya kutosha na angependa kuona watoto wake wanapata watoto wao."	Fake
Entertainment	Reese Witherspoon na Mume wanapingana juu ya elimu ya mwana	"Mwigizaji Reese Witherspoon na mumewe walikuwa wakisikia mazungumzo ya joto katika duka la kahawa la LA kuhusu mtoto wao, Tennessee, elimu ya baadaye. Mshindi wa Oscar-alikuwa anasikia akisema kwamba alitaka mtoto wake aangaliwe nyumbani, lakini mumewe, Toth, hakukubaliana na ratiba ya wanandoa yenye shughuli nyingi kama kizuizi kikubwa cha kutekeleza masomo ya nyumbani. Witherspoon alioa mumewe mnamo 2011 na hii ya hivi karibuni, hadharani, ni tukio moja tu kuongezea uhusiano ambao unazidi kuongezeka. Hivi majuzi tukubali, ""Kosa huyu mtu mdogo sana wakati mimi ninafanya kazi"" mwigizaji aliyefanikiwa anaweza kutafuta uhusiano wa karibu na familia yake."	Fake
Entertainment	'DWTS': Wanandoa wa kwanza kuondolewa ni ...	"Celeb ya kwanza iliyoangaziwa kutoka ""Kucheza na Nyota"" ilikosolewa kwa ""kuwa ngumu sana."" Kwa bahati mbaya Chris Kattan haiwezi kusaidia hiyo kwa sababu ya jeraha la kuharibika zamani. Nyota wa zamani wa ""SNL"" alishiriki katika video kwenye kipindi cha Jumatatu usiku kwamba alikuwa amevunjika shingo miaka 14 iliyopita na amekuwa na upasuaji mara kadhaa tangu wakati huo ambao unaathiri aina ya mwendo wake. ""Sehemu ya kile nilichokuwa nikifanya ni ucheshi wa mwili lakini sasa siwezi Kattan kusema na machozi machoni mwake. Inasikitika sana wakati mtu anasema 'Nimemkosa Chris mzee.' Hiyo inafurahi kusikia. "" Mwenzi wake wa densi Witney Carson pia aliombolewa machozi baada ya Kattan kumuonyesha x-ray ya mgongo wake na pini zote za upasuaji alizo nazo. ""Ni ujinga kwamba mtu anaweza kufanya hivyo kawapata halafu awe jasiri kabisa kujaribu kitu kama hiki alisema."	Legit
Entertainment	Shailene Woodley anafikia mpango wa kuzuia gereza juu ya maandamano ya bomba	Mwigizaji wa Amerika Shailene Woodley amefikia mpango wa malalamiko juu ya kuhusika kwake katika maandamano dhidi ya bomba la mafuta la Dakota Access. Nyota wa Woodley wa safu ya Divergent alikuwa mmoja wa watu 27 waliokamatwa kwenye tovuti Oktoba iliyopita. Sasa ametia saini hati ya kukubaliana na mashtaka ya tabia mbaya ya kukosea ambayo itamaanisha angeepuka gerezani. Mradi wa bomba umekuwa na utata sana na kuteka maandamano makubwa. Wamarekani Wamarekani wanasema kuwa itaikataa ardhi takatifu na kuharibu mazingira.	Legit
Entertainment	Olivia Newton-John anaonyesha uwezekano wa kuungana tena na John Travolta kwa maadhimisho ya miaka 40 ya 'Grease'	"Habari njema kwa mashabiki waliojitolea kwa matumaini kwa nyota ""Grease"" John Travolta na Olivia Newton-John. Newtwon-John aliliambia Uingereza's The Mirror kwamba kuungana kunaweza kuwa katika kazi za mwaka ujao kuashiria miaka 197 ya filamu ya 1978. Mwigizaji na mwimbaji wa Australia 68 alithibitisha kuwa yeye na Travolta wamekuwa wakijadiliana maoni kuhusu kuungana tena lakini hakuuza maelezo yoyote. Akiongea mbele ya Tuzo za Umaarufu huko Hard Rock Live huko Las Vegas ambapo alikuwa akipokea Tuzo la Icon Newton-John aliiambia The Mirror ""Tunafikiria njia. Hakuna chochote cha kutangaza bado."" ""Maadhimisho ya miaka 40 ya 'Grease' ambayo siwezi kuamini aliendelea. Wakati unaenda haraka sana. Inafurahisha sana."" Kuashiria kumbukumbu ya miaka 40 inaweza kuwa moja ya maonyesho ya Newton-John kabla ya kustaafu kutoka miaka 50 katika biashara ya show. ""Kadri muda unavyoendelea ninafikiria kufanya kidogo na kuwa na wakati mwingi wa kupumzika alisema. Lakini haingekuwa mara ya kwanza wazo hilo limepitia akili yake. Kila mwaka kwa miaka 20 iliyopita nilidhani nilikuwa nikistaafu halafu mtu fulani angeweza Sema 'Vipi kuhusu hii?' na ni kama 'Oh hiyo inaonekana kufurahisha' au 'Vipi kuhusu hii?' ""Newton-John alikiri. ""Vitu ambavyo singewahi kufikiria."""	Legit
Entertainment	Sean Spicer anamwambia mwandishi 'aache kutikisa kichwa chako'	"Katibu wa Waandishi wa Habari wa White House Sean Spicer alimwambia mwandishi ""acheni kutikisa kichwa"" wakati wa kubadilishana kwenye mkutano wake wa waandishi wa habari Jumanne. Spicer alionekana kukasirishwa na mkuu wa ofisi ya Redio ya Washington Ryan Washington kwa Mitandao ya Redio ya Mjini Amerika wakati aliuliza nini utawala wa Rais Trump utafanya nini kurekebisha sura yake kufuatia ripoti za uhusiano wake na Urusi. Spicer alikataa wazo hilo akisema: ""Ninathamini ajenda yako hapa. Wakati fulani ripoti ukweli."" Alisema hakujawa na udhibitisho wowote baina ya washirika wa Trump na maafisa wa Urusi juu ya kuingiliwa katika uchaguzi wa mwaka jana kumalizika kwamba ""ikiwa rais ataweka mavazi ya saladi ya Urusi kwenye saladi yake usiku wa leo kwa njia fulani hiyo ni unganisho la Urusi."" Spicer alisema Ryan alionekana ""akisonga-huzuni 'katika kusanikisha picha yake mwenyewe ya Ikulu ya White wakati aliuliza ni nini Trump anaweza kufanya kurekebisha uhusiano na Katibu wa zamani wa Jimbo la Condoleezza Rice ambaye hakuunga mkono kampeni yake na alikuwa akikutana na rais baadaye wiki hii. ""Tafadhali acha kutikisa kichwa chako tena Spicer akamwambia Ryan. Alisema Rais alikuwa akitimiza ahadi ya kujenga madaraja na waunga mkono na wapinzani wote."	Legit
Entertainment	"""Kucheza na nyota"": Wanandoa wa kwanza walishinda shindano la kucheza"	"Kwenye ""kucheza na Stars"" wenzi wa kwanza wa celeb walishinda kila pande zote ingawa wakati mwingine walihukumiwa vibaya. Licha ya Chris Kattan kuumia kuumia kutoka zamani. Chris Kattan nyota wa zamani wa ""SNL"" alishiriki ulimwengu katika video kuhusu jeraha lake lililoonyeshwa Jumatatu usiku. Anaumia mkono wa miaka 10 iliyopita. Kujua alikuwa na kiwango cha juu kwa sababu ya upasuaji mara nyingi Chris alikuwa mnyenyekevu kujua yeye na mwenzi wa densi Witney Carson walichaguliwa kuwa washindi kati ya wanandoa wengine wengi wa densi wanaostahiki kwenye ""Densi ya kucheza"". Mara moja akifanya ucheshi wa ""SNL"" na sasa na machozi ya furaha machoni mwake, akisema kwamba alipigania bidii sana kuifanya iweze kumaliza raundi ya mwisho."	Fake
Entertainment	Athari mbaya za kwanza kwa 'Maharamia wa Karibea 5' huko CinemaCon	"""Walt Disney Studios ilifunua mpango wa nne katika mpango wao wa"" Maharamia wa Karibiani ""Wanaume Wafu Hawasemi Hadithi"" Jumatano usiku kwenye uwanja wa CinemaCon huko Las Vegas. Mitazamo ya awali kutoka kwa wale walihudhuria ikiwa ni pamoja na wamiliki wa vyombo vya habari na waonyeshaji walikuwa wengi hasi, wakilaani kurudi kwa fomu ya Franchise na VFX mbaya. Mapitio rasmi yamesimamishwa hadi Mei 22. Filamu ya kuogelea inaona kurudi kwa Johnny Depp kama Kapteni Jack Sparrow na Geoffrey Rush kama Barbossa na kuanzisha mkutano mpya wa vijana pamoja na Brenton Thwaites na Kaya Scodelario. Javier Bardem anacheza villain mzaliwa wa kulipiza kisasi kwani wote wanatafuta tukio la Poseidon kwenye bahari ya juu.Orlando Bloom anarudi kama Will Sparrow ambaye hajawahi kuwa katika filamu ya ""Maharamia"" tangu 2007 ""Mwisho wa Dunia. """" Wanaume Waliokufa Hawasemi Hadithi ""ni filamu ya kwanza ya"" Maharamia ""tangu mwaka wa 2011"" On Stranger Tides ""na ya kwanza kuelekezwa na Joachim R? Nning na Espen Sandberg. Hadi leo Franchise ina jumla ed zaidi ya bilioni 3.73 ulimwenguni kote kwa studio hiyo na kuna shinikizo kwenye filamu hii ya nne kuendelea na mafanikio makubwa ya filamu za zamani wakati huo huo ukikomboa sifa zake za kudorora. """	Fake
Entertainment	"Je! Huck amekufa kweli kwenye ""Kashfa?"""	"Usimzike bado Gladiators. Muigizaji ambaye anacheza Huck kwenye ""Kashfa"" ana maneno ya tumaini kwa mashabiki ambao walikasirika juu ya kipindi cha wiki iliyopita cha miamba ambayo tabia yake ilipigwa risasi mara kadhaa. Guillermo Diaz anaonya watu kukumbuka ""Kashfa"" mara nyingi hujaa mshangao. Muigizaji aliambia entmt Usiku wa leo kwamba hati ambayo Meg ilimpiga Huck ""ilinipiga tu - hakuna pun iliyokusudiwa."" ""Mmenyuko wangu ni kwamba nilikuwa kamili na kafiri kabisa lakini nilifurahisha pia alisema. Ni maandishi mazuri kama ya juisi kama muigizaji nilifurahishwa tu."" Diaz alisema mbuni wa kipindi cha Shonda Rhimes anaweza kupewa sifa na kuleta msisimko mwingi."	Legit
Entertainment	Nyumba ya NYC na piano ya David Bowie itakodisha 10,000,000 kwa mwezi	Unaweza kuwa na nafasi ya maisha na mtaro unaoangalia Times Square huko New York. Pia utapata fursa ya kununua jengo hilo kwa milioni 64. Jumba hili hapo zamani lilikuwa linamilikiwa na David na mke wake mzuri Iman. Hii ni mpango mkubwa na uliwekwa kwenye soko Jumatatu. Waliuza jengo hili mwaka 1 baada ya harusi yao, piano ya Yamaha ambayo ni dhahabu iliyowekwa ndani ilijumuishwa na bado ipo leo. Wauzaji wa sasa hawana nia ya piano na wameiachia wamiliki wapya. Wazo langu ni kwamba piano itakuwa ngumu kusonga lakini hii ni mpango mzuri kwa wanunuzi kama ilivyoambiwa na wakala wa kipekee Bernice Leventhal wa Shirika la Corani. Nyumba ya mraba 1,778 haitumiki na wamiliki wa sasa. Inayo onyesho la maji machafu, vyumba kadhaa vya kutembea, vyumba vitatu vya kulala na bafu 2 za bwana, vyoo vyenye moto, sakafu na dari zilizo na waya. Hapa ni mahali pazuri kupiga simu nyumbani.	Fake
Entertainment	Nyumba ya NYC iliyo na piano ya David Bowie kwenye soko la milioni 6.5	"Nafasi ya kucheza piano ya marehemu David Bowie wakati wa kufurahia maoni yasiyokuwa na muundo wa Hifadhi ya Kati katika ghorofa ya Jiji la New York inaweza kuwa yako kwa milioni 6.495. Chumba cha kuoga cha vyumba vitatu na nusu kilichokuwa kinamilikiwa na Bowie na mkewe Iman walikwenda sokoni Jumatatu. Wawili hao waliuza nyumba iliyokuwa katika Jumba la Essex lililopo Central Park Kusini mnamo 2002 miaka 10 baada ya ndoa. Piano ya Yamaha ya Bowie ilijumuishwa katika uuzaji wa 2002 na imebaki katika ghorofa tangu hapo. Wauzaji wa sasa ambao hawakununua nyumba kutoka kwa Bowie na Iman wanahifadhi utamaduni huo kwa kuwa ni pamoja na piano katika bei ya orodha. ""Ningefikiria ni ngumu kuhamia lakini nadhani ni chapa nzuri kwa wanunuzi wa wakala wa kipekee wa nyumba hiyo, Bernice Leventhal wa Kikundi cha Corcoran, aliiambia ABC News. Nyumba ya mraba-1,877 inatumika kama nyumba ya kukaguliwa. inajulikana na wamiliki wake wa sasa. Inaangazia sakafu ya chokaa, chumbani-ndani, vyumba viwili vya kulala na bafu kubwa kwa bafu ya mvua na sakafu ya joto."	Legit
Entertainment	Rapper Wiz Khalifa anaweka wakosoaji wake na maoni yake wakati alipotembelea kaburi la Pablo Escobar	Msanii wa rap wa marekani Wiz Khalifa kawaida huzusha malumbano na kukosoa hasi na wapinzani wake wa umma. Walakini, hii haikuwa hivyo wakati alipotembelea mali na kaburi la marehemu wa Colombia bwana Pablo Escobar. Rapper huyo aliweka picha yake moja kwenye kaburi ambalo lilikuwa na maua meusi na maoni kuwa maua yalikuwa njia ya kuonyesha kwamba alifikiria hii sio njia ya kuishi maisha ya mtu. Pia aliweka picha ya yeye mwenyewe nje ya mali hiyo - ambapo alibaini kuwa kilichotokea hapa - tovuti ya mabomu na jaribio juu ya maisha ya Escobar - haikuwa maisha ambayo watoto leo wanapaswa kuangaza kwa njia yoyote ile.	Fake
Entertainment	'Bates Motel' inaanguka ndani ya 'Psycho' katika msimu wa mwisho	"Kuna mstari mzuri kati ya kuchukua hatari za ubunifu na kutakata wakati wa kushughulika na mali inayojulikana. Wakati ""Bates Motel"" inaweza kuwa haijafanya ahadi hii imeonekana kutoa sadaka ya haki ya kujiendesha kama dhamira ya ""Psycho."" Mfululizo wa AE kila wakati ulionekana kuja na tarehe ya kumalizika kwa kumalizika inakabiliwa na hatari ya kupotea mali isiyohamishika kama chewing kupitia hadithi inayohusiana na toleo la kushangaza la Alfred Hitchcock's 1960. Mpangilio wa kisasa pia ulifanya kesi hiyo kuwa chini ya uchunguzi wa nini na simu za rununu na vifaa vingine vya kisasa ambavyo vinabadilisha mienendo ya kusema kuwa peke yake katika basement na muuaji aliyevaa kama mama yake. Bado kutangazwa kwa msimu wa tano na wa mwisho ambao utaingiliana na sinema hiyo ilileta msisimko: baada ya kushauriwa vibaya na hii ilitoa fursa mbadala kwenye hadithi ikiwa ni pamoja na jinsi matukio haya yalitokea kutoka kwa mtazamo wa Norman / Norma Bates."	Legit
Entertainment	Demi Lovato hufanya hisia kamili za vijana	"Demi Lovato anapenda maoni halali kabisa ya kijana. Lovato alionekana kwenye ""kipindi cha leo Usiku"" Jumatatu usiku alishiriki kwenye skit ya ""Ew"" ya Jimmy Fallon. Mahitaji hayo ni pamoja na kuvaa mavazi ya nguruwe ya wazi na ya juu na midomo ya kufunga na mto uliowekwa uso wa mwimbaji Ed Sheeran. Mto huo uliitwa ""mto wa kuponda"" na tabia ya Fallon kwenye skit. Wakati Lovato akifanya mazoezi ya ustadi wake wa kununa na kito chake cha Sheeran Fallon alinyakua hadi mto ulio na uso wa mwenyeji wa ""Ziada"" wa Mario Lopez."	Legit
Entertainment	Chris Pratt anajibu kwa wahusika wa mwili kumwambia kuwa yeye ni nyembamba sana	"Chris Pratt mkubwa au mdogo amesikia yote. Siku hizi nyota ya ""Guardian of the Galaxy"" 37 inachukua tupu kwa kuwa mwembamba sana lakini yeye haichukui akilala chini. Pratt ambaye amekuwa akirekodi vitafunio vyenye afya anachokula wakati akiandaa filamu ya ""Jurassic World 2"" mfululizo wa video za ""What's My Snack"" za Instagram zilirudishwa nyuma - kwa njia yake ya kawaida ya ulimi-kwa-shavu - baada ya wafuasi wengine kupendekeza aangalie nyembamba sana. ""Watu wengi wamesema nitaonekana kuwa mwembamba sana katika vifungu vyangu vya hivi karibuni vya WHATSMYSNACK aliandika kwenye Alhamisi ya Instagram. Wengine wameenda mbali kusema kwamba naonekana"" mifupa. "" Sawa kwa sababu mimi ni mtoto wa kiume haimaanishi kuwa sijali manyoya yako. Kutetemeka kwa mwili huumiza. """	Legit
Entertainment	Je! Smith ataungana tena na PALS mpya za Prince ili kufanya Show mpya	"Je! Smith atarudi pamoja na wa The New Prince wa Bel-Air, lakini wakati huu ni kufanya onyesho jipya la wakati bora kulingana na sitcom ya darasa la 90. Kugonga kumeanza kuanza mwishoni mwa msimu wa joto. Kwenye chapisho la Instagram, Alfonso Ribeiro (mhusika wa Carleton kwenye onyesho) aliandika """" Daima kushangaza kushangaza kutumia mchana na familia yangu safi ya Prince. ""Nataka James Avery bado yuko pamoja nasi kukamilisha hii."" Avery, ambaye alicheza tabia ya mjomba Phil, alikufa mnamo 2013. ""Tutapata njia ya kuheshimu kumbukumbu yake katika onyesho jipya; alikuwa sehemu muhimu ya ile ya asili."" Kwenye picha ya Instragram, Smith na Ribeiro walijumuishwa na Tatyana Ali (Ashley) Karyn Parsons (Hilary) Daphne Maxwell Reid (Vivian) na Joseph Marcell (Geoffrey). """	Fake
Entertainment	Elton John aliamua kutosherehekea siku yake ya kuzaliwa ya 70 na akabaki nyumbani	"""Elton John hapendi vyama kwa hivyo hakuadhimisha siku yake ya kuzaliwa ya 70 Jumamosi usiku. Mwimbaji huyo wa Kiingereza alipuuza familia yake ya marafiki na waorodheshaji wengi wa A ambao wanampongeza na akafuta tukio hilo huko Red Studios huko Los Angeles. mwenyeji wa Rob Lowe na hakuonyesha maonyesho ya Stevie Wonder Lady Gaga Ryan Adams na zaidi, kwa sababu ilizuiliwa. Kwa matokeo Wonder hakuwapo kutekeleza tafsiri yake nzuri ya ""Siku ya kuzaliwa"" na msaada kutoka kwa Lady Gaga kama Hafla ya watu Mashuhuri walihudhuria kwenye gala ambayo pia ilinufaika kwa Jumuiya ya UKIMWI ya Elton John na Jumba la Makumbusho ya Hammer huko UCLA .Si watu wafuatayo: Neil Patrick Harris Jon Hamm Heidi Klum Dakota Johnson Jennifer Tilly na Katy Perry hawakuwa kwenye sherehe - kwani haikuitika. """	Fake
Entertainment	Sir Paul McCartney juu ya Lennon	"Kanye na urithi wake mwenyewe wa muziki ""Albamu ya mwisho ya Sir Paul McCartney ya '80s Maua kwenye Densi inachukuliwa kuwa moja wapo ya muongo wake bora. Alikutana na wanamuziki wapya watayarishaji mpya na mwenzi mpya wa maandishi katika mfumo wa Elvis Costello na ilisisimua safari yake ya kwanza ya ulimwengu katika miaka 10. Sasa kama rekodi imetolewa tena kamili na demokrasia za hapo awali Sir Paul anaongea na Mtandao wa Muziki wa BBC 6 wa Muziki wa Mtandao kuhusu kushirikiana na Costello Kanye West na Michael Jackson - lakini kwanini hajawahi kufanya kazi na mtu yeyote bora kuliko John Lennon. Bwana Paul pia anafunua kuwa anafanya kazi kwenye albamu mpya na mtayarishaji wa Adele na kile anafikiria urithi wake wa muziki utakuwa."	Legit
Entertainment	Nini cha kutarajia kutoka kwa ukumbusho wa umma wa Carrie Fisher na Debbie Reynolds	"Siku ya Jumamosi umma hupata nafasi ya kusema faraja ya mwisho kwa Carrie Fisher na mama yake Debbie Reynolds ambaye alikufa siku moja tofauti mwishoni mwa Desemba. Ukumbusho utafanyika katika Ukumbi wa Liberals katika Forest Lawn Cemetery Hollywood Hills saa 1 jioni PT. Mashabiki wanaweza kuhudhuria kwa msingi wa kwanza wa kutumikia na ukumbi utakapojaza wataweza kusimama nje na kutazama huduma kwenye skrini. Je! Hauwezi kuipata California? Jambo zima litasasishwa moja kwa moja kwenye wavuti ya Reynolds. Mtoto wa Reynolds Todd Fisher aliwaambia anuwai sio muda mrefu uliopita kwamba ukumbusho ndio ambao mama yake angetaka. ""Aliunganishwa sana na Mashabiki wake na alihisi ni sehemu yake alisema. Todd Fisher pia alisema kwamba video ya wimbo ambao James Blunt aliandika kama zawadi kwa dada yake itatolewa siku ya ukumbusho. na Carrie Fisher walikuwa marafiki wazuri, kabla hajapata umaarufu na hit yake Wewe ni Mrembo kweli aliishi naye. Inaweza kufyatua moyo wako Fisher alisema juu ya wimbo huo."	Legit
Entertainment	Pharrell ya muziki: Kuja kwenye skrini karibu na wewe	"Anafahamika kama mtayarishaji wa tuzo za muziki anayeshinda tuzo na mtunzi-mwimbaji lakini ni nini kinachojulikana kuhusu maisha ya mapema ya Pharrell Williams? Ikiwa jibu ni ""sio sana"" ambalo linaweza kubadilika hivi karibuni kama ujana wa Williams 'ni kuhamasisha muziki wa skrini kubwa kulingana na mwandishi wa Hollywood. Williams 43 atazalisha Atlantis - iliyoelezewa kama Romeo na Juliet na nyimbo. Mkurugenzi wa Broadway Michael Mayer atafanya kazi kama mwongozo wa mradi. Meya anafahamika sana kwa uzalishaji kama vile Uamsho wa Spring ambao alishinda tuzo ya Tony na vile vile Idiot ya Amerika kulingana na muziki wa Green Day. Mwandishi wa Atlantis atakuwa Martin Hynes ambaye kwa sasa anafanya kazi katika filamu ya Naya ya Toy."	Legit
Entertainment	Athari za kwanza kwa 'Maharamia wa Karibea 5' huko CinemaCon	"Walt Disney Studios ilifunua mpango wa tano katika mpango wao wa ""Maharamia wa Karibiani"" Wanaume Wafu Hawasemi Hadithi ""Jumanne usiku huko CinemaCon huko Las Vegas. Awali athari kutoka kwa wale walihudhuria ikiwa ni pamoja na wamiliki wa maonyesho ya waandishi wa habari na wa onyesho walikuwa chanya kusherehekea kurudi kwa fomu ya Franchise na VFX iliyofanywa vizuri. Mapitio rasmi yamesimamiwa hadi Mei 22. Filamu ya swashbuckling inaona kurudi kwa Johnny Depp kama Kapteni Jack Sparrow na Geoffrey Rush kama Barbossa na kuanzisha mkutano mpya wa vijana ikiwa ni pamoja na Brenton Thwaites na Kaya Scodelario. Javier Bardem anacheza villain wa roho na kulipiza kisasi kwani wote wanatafuta tukio la Poseidon kwenye bahari kubwa. Orlando Bloom pia anarudi kama Will Sparrow ambaye hajawahi kuwa kwenye filamu ""Maharamia"" tangu 2007 ""Mwisho wa Dunia."" ""Wanaume Waliokufa Haziambii Hadithi"" ni filamu ya kwanza ""Maharamia"" tangu mwaka wa 2011 ""On Stranger Tides"" na ya kwanza kuelekezwa na Joachim R? Nning na Espen Sandberg. Hadi leo mpango huo umepata zaidi ya bilioni 3.73 ulimwenguni kote kwa studio hiyo na kuna shinikizo kwa filamu hii ya tano kuendelea na mafanikio makubwa ya filamu za zamani wakati huo huo ukikomboa sifa zake za kudorora."	Legit
Entertainment	Idhaa ya London ya 4 ili kubinafsishwa	"Mipango ya kubinafsisha Channel 2 imepokea mapema kulingana na Katibu wa Tamaduni Karen Bradley. Serikali ya Uingereza imepanga kujiondoa kutoka kwa kituo cha runinga cha umma mwishoni mwa mwaka. Katika kujaribu kuokoa pesa kwenye bajeti ya serikali, serikali ya Uingereza imepanga kuuza Channel 4 kwa pesa ambazo hazikuonekana kwa Washirika wa Gateway, Inc Gateway ni mfuko wa usawa wa kibinafsi unaojulikana kwa kugeuza biashara iliyofadhaika. Katibu wa Bradley alisema, ""Uuzaji wa Channel 2 hautakuwa tu jambo nzuri kwa bajeti ya Uingereza lakini pia kwa watumiaji wa televisheni. Tuna hakika kuwa uuzaji utasababisha maboresho yanahitajika kwa kituo cha utangazaji na uwekezaji wa visasisho vingi vinavyohitajika kwa vituo vya utangazaji. "" Kituo kinachomilikiwa na umma kina wafanyikazi zaidi ya 800 na pendekezo hilo limepitiwa na serikali kwa miezi 18 iliyopita."	Fake
Entertainment	Shailene Woodley kuongoza mgomo wa njaa gerezani juu ya bomba	Mwigizaji wa Amerika Shailene Woodley ametangaza kwa wafungwa wenzake na walinzi wa gereza la Kaskazini la Dakota kuwa ataongoza mgomo wa njaa dhidi ya bomba la mafuta la Dakota Access. Woodley ni mwanzo wa Mfululizo wa kujitolea. Alikamatwa katika eneo la bomba la mafuta la Dakota Oktoba uliopita, pamoja na wanaharakati wengine 26. Mgomo wake wa njaa umesisitizwa na kusifiwa na wanaharakati wa Amerika ya Kaskazini kwa mkoa wote, ambao wanapinga bomba hilo kwa misingi kuwa litavunja ardhi yao takatifu.	Fake
Entertainment	Sayari ya Dunia imefutwa baada ya kashfa ya Bafta	Licha ya mafanikio yake ya mapema, Sayari ya II ya Dunia ya Planet Earth II, inayotarajiwa kuteuliwa kwa Tuzo kadhaa za Ufundi, imeondoka mitandaoni baada ya mzozo ambao haukuwa wazi na BBC. Chanzo kisicho na jina katika BBC kilithibitisha kwamba mtayarishaji mtendaji wa Sayari ya Dunia alifanya maneno ya ubaguzi katika mkutano wa kibinafsi, na kusababisha kutengwa kwa majina yao yote tisa. Mtayarishaji mtendaji wa Planet Earth amekataa kutoa maoni na kwa sasa amefuta akaunti yake ya Twitter. Wakimbiaji wa mbele wa sasa katika Tuzo za Ujanja ni pamoja na The Crown ya Netflix na The's Night Manager wa BBC.	Fake
Entertainment	Jinsi 'Mifupa' ilizalisha kizazi kipya cha wanasayansi wa kike	"""Mifupa"" ya Fox inamalizika Jumanne baada ya kutokeza sehemu 246 za kesi za uhalifu za mara nyingi-gory zilizovunjika na timu iliyoongozwa na kipaji Dk. Temperance Brennan (Emily Deschanel). Kwa watazamaji wengine wa kike wa kipindi cha muda mrefu kipindi ambacho show imekuwa karibu zaidi ya entmt; inawahimiza kutafuta kazi ya sayansi. Morgan O. John ni mmoja wao. Yeye ni ""mfupa"" - muda wa kupenda kutumiwa na mashabiki wa onyesho kujielezea kama wa pamoja - lakini pia chochote. Kijana mwenye umri wa miaka 22 ni miezi tu mbali na kumaliza kubwa mara mbili katika uchunguzi wa anthropolojia na Kifaransa katika Chuo Kikuu cha Texas Christian huko Fort Worth Texas. Kukua katika kile anachoelezea kama ""mji wa vijijini ulio peke sana huko kusini magharibi mwa Louisiana wengi wanafanya kazi au chuo kikuu cha jamii cha karibu baada ya kuhitimu kutoka shule ya upili na kuishi maisha magumu."""	Legit
Entertainment	Mashabiki wa Kuchezesha Sad	Uzalishaji mzuri wa AE wa 'Bates Motel' unaelekea kwenye vitabu vya historia baada ya kukimbia kwa kupendeza ambayo ilifurahisha mamilioni ya mashabiki. Tofauti za ubunifu zimeleta mpango huu wa ubunifu, ambao ulipitisha toleo la Gus Van Sant 1998 la Psycho kama sifa ya kuabudu katika filamu ya Alfred Hitchcock horror. Mpangilio wa siku hizi wa safu ya AE uliongezea shida za kisasa kwa wale waliowakabili hapo awali na wageni wa Bates Motel. Urekebishaji huu wa busara ulirekebisha toleo la Alfred Hitchcock badala ya kitu ambacho watazamaji wanaweza kutambua kweli. Kaimu pia alikuwa bora kuliko toleo la gorofa, lisilo na rangi, la zamani. Kwa bahati nzuri, bado kuna msimu mmoja zaidi katika mfereji, kwa hivyo kufurahisha bado. Sote tutakuwa na huzuni kuona mfululizo huu mzuri ukisha	Fake
Entertainment	Jake Gyllenhaal aliongea juu ya mada ya uhusiano wake na Ryan Reynolds	"Jake Gyllenhaal alihojiwa wiki iliyopita na Michael Strahan kuhusu filamu yake mpya ya kimapenzi ya kimapenzi, ""Loaf"", ambayo inashirikiana na mpinzani wake Ryan Reynolds. Ryan anacheza Dk. David Jordan, shauku ya kimapenzi ya mhusika wa Gyllenhaal katika hadithi hii ya Mars na Venus. Tabia hiyo haikuwa na ujuzi kama daktari na alihisi nje ya kitu chake katika uhusiano huu mpya na katika taaluma yake mpya. Gyllenhaal alielezea tabia ya Ryan kama mtu wa kimapenzi ambaye alikataa kuletwa duniani bila kujali jinsi mambo yanavyokwenda katika nchi hii au ulimwenguni leo. Kila mhusika anaamini ana miguu juu ya ardhi, lakini zote mbili huwa na kukimbilia angani wakati mambo yatakua magumu na lazima wakabiliane na maisha katika eneo lililo na vita ambalo huhisi kama kuishi kwenye Mars na mwenzi wa Venusi. Mahojiano yalirushwa juu ya ""Asubuhi nzuri ya Amerika"" na baadaye sehemu ilionyeshwa kwenye Habari ya jioni ya CBS."	Fake
Entertainment	DEMI LOVATO AENDELEA KIJANA KWENYE FANI ZA KIJANI KWA 'JUU YA NAMMA'	Demi Lovato alionekana kwenye Maonyesho ya leo ya Jimmy Fallon na alifanya mazoezi kamili ya mashabiki wake wa vijana. Lovato amevaa topinned top, pigtails, na kujifanya anatoka na mto na uso wa mwimbaji wenzake Ed Sheeran juu yake. Wakati wa kitendo cha Lovato, Fallon alijibu kwa kumbusu mto uliomshirikisha Mario Lopez wa ziada.	Fake
Entertainment	Chrissy Teigen	"Patricia Arquette na zaidi anaguswa na tukio la mguu wa United Airlines ""Baada ya United Airlines kuwazuia wasichana wawili kutokana na kupanda ndege wikendi hii kwa sababu walikuwa wamevaa miraba ambayo kampuni ilisema ni sehemu ya sera yao kwa jamaa na marafiki wa wafanyikazi ambao husafiri bure kwa watendaji wa kusubiri na wanaharakati wamechukua vyombo vya habari vya kijamii kukosoa uchaguzi wa shirika la ndege katika tukio hilo. Mwanaharakati Shannon Watts aliandika mara ya kwanza tukio hilo Jumapili akiandika ""Mjumbe wa lango la umoja hakuwaruhusu wasichana kwenye miguu wakimbie kutoka Denver kwenda Minneapolis kwa sababu spandex hairuhusiwi ""Watts ni mama wa watoto watano na mwanzilishi wa Kitengo cha Kutafuta Moms kwa Gun Sense huko Amerika. Baada ya maduka makubwa kuchukua ripoti za tukio hilo huko Denver msemaji wa shirika la ndege alithibitisha ripoti hiyo kwa ABC News na kuongeza kuwa vijana wawili hawakuwa ' inaruhusiwa kwenye safari ya ndege kwa sababu leggings sio ""kwa kufuata sera ya kanuni ya mavazi kwa faida ya kampuni kusafiri mpango ambao unaruhusu wafanyikazi wa ndege na familia zao husafiri bure, lakini kwa mwongozo fulani. Kuna sheria tofauti za haki hizi kwa sababu watu wanaruka bure msemaji ameongezwa."	Legit
Entertainment	Vijana wenye saratani hufa kabla ya Beyonce kutimiza matakwa ya mwisho ya mwanafunzi.	"Jana usiku, kikundi cha kusikitisha cha wanafunzi kutoka Shule ya Upili ya Alief Hastings kilipanga mwangaza wa taa kwenye bendi hiyo mazoezi mengi kwa heshima ya mmoja wa wahitimu wao, Benki ya Ebony, mshiriki wa walinzi wa rangi. Ebony, wa Houston, alikuwa akipambana na aina ya saratani adimu, na siku moja kabla ya kifo chake, marafiki zake walijaribu kupanga hafla ya wakati wa uso na sanamu yake, Beyonce. Kugundua kwamba Beyonce hakuweza kujitolea katika hafla hiyo, kwa sababu ya uchumba uliopita, washiriki wa walinzi wa rangi walikusanyika nje ya nyumba ya Ebony wakiwa wameshikilia mishumaa yao hewani na kusonga mbele kwa barabara ya Beyonce, ""Halo."" Wazazi wa Ebony walimsaidia hadi dirishani ambapo angeweza kuona marafiki zake ambao walikusanyika ili kumheshimu. Msemaji wa Wilaya ya Alief Independent School, Craig Eichhorn, aliliambia Habari la ABC kwamba wanafunzi hao wamesikitishwa sana kwamba Beyonce hatapata wakati wa kuleta shangwe kwa shabiki anayekufa, kwa hivyo walifanikiwa kumletea tabasamu. Eichhorn pia alithibitisha kuwa Benki zilikuwa zimepita masaa baadaye."	Fake
Entertainment	Sayari ya Dunia inaongoza uwanja na uteuzi wa Bafta Craft tisa	Sayari ya Dunia ya pili ilikuwa hit na watazamaji wakati ilirusha mwaka jana - na sasa inaonekana kuwa iliwapunguza Bafta pia. Hati ya kumbukumbu ya BBC One imepokea majina tisa kabla ya tuzo zake za kila mwaka za Ufundi ambazo husherehekea nyuma ya vipaji vya pazia kwenye runinga. Tamthilia ya Netflix Crown ifuatavyo na nomino saba wakati Meneja wa BBC Usiku anapata sita. Washindi watatangazwa tarehe 23 Aprili wiki tatu kabla ya tuzo za Televisheni ya Bafta mnamo 14 Mei. Hapa kuna ranchi ambayo mipango ni juu ya nini.	Legit
Entertainment	Scarlett Johansson anafungua juu ya 'Ghost in the Shell'	"Mwigizaji Scarlett Johansson alifunguka juu ya filamu yake mpya ""Ghost huko Shell akihutubia ugomvi unaomzunguka kuwa mtu anayesimamiwa kama shujaa na kujadili ugumu wa kuwa mwanamke nchini Hollywood, kwenye mahojiano na waziri mzuri wa Morning America"" Michael Strahan aliyeangaza leo. Johansson alisema kwamba wakati ""Ghost in the Shell"" ilifikishwa kwa mara ya kwanza kwake ""ilionekana kutisha sana na kuongeza kuwa binti yake alikuwa mchanga sana, na nafasi yangu ya kichwa haikuwa sawa na ile ya 'Ghost in the Shell.'"" Lakini nilidhani gosh ni ngumu sana kukataa nafasi ya kuwa mbele na kituo kwa kitu ambacho kina fanbase iliyojengeka ambayo ni kama kujitolea na mtazamo wa mwigizaji alisema. Na pia unajua kuweza studio kitu kama hiki Johansson kiliongezwa, kama muigizaji ... kama mwanamke ni nadra. Natumai sio kawaida sana lakini ni hivyo. """	Legit
Entertainment	Kutetemeka kwa mafuta kumfanya Emma Thompson atoke Los Angeles	"Licha ya umaarufu wake kama mwigizaji, Emma Thompson hakuwahi kuhamia Los Angeles, ambapo wasomi wa Hollywood hufanya kazi na kununua nyumba za bei ghali katika jamii zenye gated. Kwa nini? Kwa sababu alihisi alikuwa mafuta sana. Wakati wa mahojiano kwenye runinga ya Uswidi, Thompson alisema: ""Ni mahali pa kushangaza, na sikuweza kuishi hapo."" Aliendelea kuelezea kuwa waigizaji wengi ni dawa ya kuumiza kutokana na wazalishaji kuwazunguka kila wakati kupunguza uzito. Wanawake wachanga watakuwa na takwimu nzuri, na wazalishaji bado watataka wapunguze uzito. Hawakula tu ili wapate kazi. Thompson alisema kuwa alitishia kuachia filamu Brideshead Revisited wakati nyota mwenza ameamriwa kupunguza uzito. Alisema kuwa wazalishaji wa mafuta yanayowaka sasa inaelekezwa hata kwa watoto na wavulana na wanaume hawana kinga. Sharing mafuta inaendelea hadi nyota ni katika 30s yao. Kufikia wakati huo wengi wamekua na shida za kula."	Fake
Entertainment	"Nyota wa 'Kutembea Aliyekufa' Lauren Cohan kwenye msimu wa 7 wa msimu uliopita: ""Inasikitisha moyo"""	"Lauren Cohan ambaye amecheza Maggie aliyebadilisha-vita-mpiganaji wa nguruwe tangu msimu wa 2 wa ""Kutembea Aliyekufa hajapeana nyara yoyote kwa msimu wa 7. Lakini anakubali kwamba itakuwa mbaya."" ""Hakika uko kwenye mhemko mwingi aliiambia HarpersBazaar.com katika mahojiano mapya. Kama shabiki yeyote wa show anajua tamthiliya ya zombie ya apocalypse imekuwa ya kusumbua kila wakati - inavyothibitishwa katika mchezo wa msimu huu wakati washiriki wawili wa wapenzi wa show walipatwa na Negan iliyochezwa na Jeffrey Dean Morgan. Kama kawaida siku zote wahusika walifanya mkutano wa jadi au wanaoitwa ""chakula cha jioni kwa washiriki walioanguka. Ni jambo la kuchekesha nikisimama kufikiria kuwaita chakula cha jioni. Ni sehemu ya mara kwa mara ya mazungumzo yetu hata mimi husahau jinsi ya upuuzi kama upelelezi. juu ya mazishi yako mwenyewe Cohan alielezea. Tumekuwa na jioni zetu zuri pamoja nao. Daima kuna machozi mengi lakini pia tunayo bonasi na michezo ya kucheza na kumweleza yule jamaa akiwacha tunawapenda vipi - na unajua kuwaaibisha kabisa. """	Legit
Entertainment	Rapper Wiz Khalifa gây phẫn nộ khi đến thăm mộ của Pablo Escobar	Nghệ sĩ rap người Mỹ Wiz Khalifa đã khởi động khá nhiều tranh cãi trong chuyến thăm Colombia. Trong chuyến đi biểu diễn tại một lễ hội ở Medellin, người nổi tiếng đã đăng những bức ảnh lên tài khoản Instagram của anh ta về anh ta dường như để tỏ lòng tôn kính với trùm ma túy Colombia quá cố Pablo Escobar. Các rapper đã đăng một bức ảnh của những bông hoa đầy màu sắc ở bia mộ. Wiz Khalifa cũng đăng một số bức ảnh anh ta hút thuốc cần sa gần mộ của Escobar cũng như bức ảnh anh ta chụp bên ngoài một tài sản - nơi xảy ra vụ đánh bom và cố gắng sống trong cuộc sống của Escobar trong thập niên 80 - trước đây thuộc sở hữu của trùm ma túy đã chết trong vụ xả súng với chính quyền ở Medellin năm 1993.	Legit
Entertainment	Chúng ta đều biết tại sao quyền lại giận Tomi Lahren	"Tomi Lahren bảo thủ đã trở thành một khóa học sụp đổ về những gì phụ nữ nghĩ đúng. Lahren, một cô gái 24 tuổi nổi tiếng với những đoạn độc thoại bằng video được truyền tải bằng giọng điệu tự quảng cáo rầm rộ đã nổi lên nhanh chóng trong giới truyền thông cánh hữu. Cô gái tóc vàng trẻ tuổi có quan điểm và bảo thủ và không ngại sử dụng sự hấp dẫn giới tính như một món ăn. ""Có vẻ như các nhà nữ quyền đều có quyền tự do ngôn luận miễn là những người phụ nữ thừa cân hoặc chuyển giới mà cô ấy nói trong một video. sự nghiệp - ví dụ, gợi ý rằng những người tị nạn Syria chạy trốn để kiếm sống (và cuộc sống của con cái họ) là những kẻ hèn nhát sẽ không ở lại để bảo vệ đất nước của họ. Người Mỹ đứng lên và đấu tranh cho gia đình đức tin và tự do đọc văn bản được phủ lên trên một hình ảnh của chính mình, mà cô ấy đã tweet. Người Syria chạy trốn. """	Legit
Entertainment	"Ngôi sao của ""Walking Dead"" Lauren Cohan nói rằng dàn diễn viên tổ chức ""Death Dinners"""	"Lauren Cohen, ngôi sao của ""Walking Dead"" của AMC nói rằng các thành viên trong đoàn của cô có cách gắn kết độc đáo. ""Chúng tôi muốn tổ chức đám tang giả cho các bạn diễn của mình. Chúng tôi giả vờ họ không ở trong phòng và nói chia sẻ kỷ niệm, trò đùa và hồi tưởng về người đó. Tôi có thể nói chúng tôi có khiếu hài hước bệnh hoạn."""	Fake
Entertainment	Katy Perry vinh danh người hâm mộ bị giết trong một tai nạn ô tô	"Katy Perry đã dành một lời khen ngợi đặc biệt cho một siêu nhân 18 tuổi đã chết trong một tai nạn xe hơi. Theo công ty liên kết ABC KTBS-TV ở Shreveport Louisiana, Katie Bell, 18 tuổi, đã qua đời vào cuối tuần qua khi cô mất kiểm soát xe và va chạm trực diện với một phương tiện khác. Người lái xe khác cũng bị giết. ""Chúng tôi thấy bạn là thiên thần và chúng tôi yêu và sẽ nhớ bạn Perry đã tweet vào sáng thứ Ba. KC thắp một ngọn nến cho Katie. Nghỉ ngơi trong hòa bình."" Cô ấy đã đưa một trong những video của Bell vào tweet của mình. Tin tức về cái chết của Bell rõ ràng đã truyền cảm hứng cho hashtag RIPKatycatKatie - người hâm mộ Perry tự gọi mình là ""KatyCats"" - và chính Perry đã chú ý. Để tôn vinh hơn nữa, Bell Perry đã thay đổi tên của cô trên hồ sơ Twitter của mình thành hashtag của Bell."	Legit
Entertainment	Michelle Pfeiffer nói rằng cô ấy 'cởi mở hơn' để làm việc khi con cái đã trưởng thành	"Michelle Pfeiffer đang tung hứng một lịch trình bận rộn hơn nhiều trong những ngày này. Nói chuyện với đạo diễn Darren Aronofsky cho tạp chí Interview, cô cho biết sự nghiệp ở Hollywood của cô đã bị đẩy lùi sau khi cô có con nhưng giờ cô đã sẵn sàng để quay lại cuộc chơi. ""Tôi chưa bao giờ đánh mất tình yêu của mình với diễn xuất. Tôi cảm thấy thực sự ở nhà trên trường quay. Tôi là một người cân bằng hơn một cách trung thực khi tôi làm việc Pfeiffer nói với Aronofsky. Nhưng tôi khá cẩn thận về việc tôi đã quay trong bao lâu đã đi xa dù nó có hoạt động với lịch trình của bọn trẻ hay không. Và tôi đã rất kén chọn đến nỗi tôi không muốn. "" Cô ấy bây giờ là một ""người trống rỗng, cô ấy nói, con gái của cô ấy là Claudia Rose Pfeiffer 24 tuổi và con trai John Henry Kelley là 22. Điều này đã cho cô ấy khả năng đảm nhận nhiều vai trò hơn. Năm nay, cô ấy sẽ được nhìn thấy trong The Wizard of Lies của HBO ""cùng với"" Mẹ ""của Robert De Niro Aronofsky và bản chuyển thể của Agatha Christie"" Murder on the Orient Express, cũng sẽ có sự tham gia của Johnny Depp, Josh Gad và Penelope Cruz. Cô cũng đóng vai chính trong bộ phim indie Kyra ở đâu? "" được công chiếu đầu năm nay."	Legit
Entertainment	Burn Baby Burn George Michael được mua đấu giá bởi Anti-Gay Orlando Baptist Protesters đi lên trong ngọn lửa	"Giống như West Baptist Baptists, nhóm Orlando Baptist không thể bỏ qua cơ hội nhảy trên bia mộ. Một bức chân dung của George Michael quá cố của nghệ sĩ Damien Hirst đã được bán với giá chỉ dưới nửa triệu bảng trong một cuộc đấu giá từ thiện vào tuần trước của nhóm, người đã kịp thời đốt nó làm trung tâm cho ngọn lửa đáng ghét của họ. Một cuộc biểu tình rõ ràng về cái chết của ca sĩ quá cố và sự tôn vinh đã được tổ chức ngay đối diện trên đường phố từ đài tưởng niệm công chúng của ca sĩ quá cố. ""Một lần flamer luôn luôn là một flamer"" đọc một dấu hiệu. Nhưng George Michael có thể đã nhận được tiếng cười cuối cùng trong một sự mỉa mai châm biếm, nhà thờ không chỉ mua bức tranh mà không biết tiền sẽ không nằm trong phòng trưng bày của ông Hirsts mà thay vào đó là số tiền thu được từ việc bán George Beautiful Beautiful Bức tranh tình yêu sẽ đến tổ chức từ thiện HIV / Aids Quỹ Goss-Michael. Tổ chức từ thiện được thành lập bởi Michael và đối tác cũ của anh, Kenny Goss. Goss đã đăng một hình ảnh của tác phẩm nghệ thuật trên Instagram bằng văn bản: ""Kết quả tuyệt vời của 580 000 (khoảng £ 461 011)."" Ông mô tả Damien Hirst là một ""siêu sao"" thêm vào: ""Cảm ơn Damien"" Bức tranh đã đi dưới búa ở Dallas Texas tại MTV Re: định nghĩa buổi dạ tiệc từ thiện. Michael, người đã tận hưởng sự nghiệp nhạc pop béo bở khi là một nửa của bộ đôi Wham trước khi bắt đầu sự nghiệp solo thành công đã qua đời vào ngày Giáng sinh năm ngoái ở tuổi 53. """	Fake
Entertainment	Bill O'Reilly xin lỗi sau khi thực hiện trò đùa mang tính phân biệt chủng tộc về nữ nghị sĩ	"Người dẫn chương trình của Fox News, Bill O'Reilly đã xin lỗi hôm thứ ba sau khi bị sa thải vì chế nhạo mái tóc của một nữ nghị sĩ da đen. Trong một lần xuất hiện trên ""Fox Friends O'Reilly đã phản ứng với clip của Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) đang phát biểu trên sàn của Hạ viện. Tôi không nghe thấy một lời cô ấy nói O'Reilly nói về Waters. Tôi đang nhìn bộ tóc giả James Brown. "" ""Nếu chúng tôi có một bức ảnh của James Brown - đó là cùng một bộ tóc giả mà anh ấy đã thêm vào. Những lời nhận xét đã bị lên án rộng rãi là cả phân biệt chủng tộc và phân biệt giới tính trên Twitter, nơi tên của O'Reilly đang có xu hướng vào sáng thứ ba và chiều. ""Reilly bày tỏ sự hối hận vì những lời nhận xét. Như tôi đã nói nhiều lần tôi tôn trọng nữ nghị sĩ Maxine Waters vì chân thành trong niềm tin của cô ấy, ông nói. Hôm nay tôi lại nói trên Fox Friends gọi cô là 'trường học cũ'. Thật không may, tôi cũng đã làm một trò đùa về mái tóc bị câm. Tôi xin lỗi. """	Legit
Entertainment	Chris Pratt trả lời những kẻ giả mạo cơ thể nói với anh ta rằng anh ta hốc hác và trông ốm yếu	Dù lớn hay nhỏ, Chris Pratt chắc chắn đã nghe thấy tất cả, ngôi sao của Guardians of the Universe 37 không đưa ra những tin đồn mới nhất rằng anh ta đang nằm một cách ốm yếu. Pratt đã ghi lại những bữa ăn của mình rằng anh ta đang ăn trong khi quay bộ phim sắp tới Jurassic World 3. Anh ta quay trở lại trên instagram một cách rất táo bạo sau khi một số người theo dõi nói rằng anh ta cần lấy thịt trên xương sau khi What My Snack trên Instagram . Một số người nói rằng anh ta trông giống như một bộ xương và cần được giúp đỡ nhanh chóng. Chris nói rằng chỉ vì anh ta là nam không có nghĩa là cơ thể xấu hổ không bị tổn thương.	Fake
Entertainment	Alec Baldwin nói rằng ông gần như đã chuyển sang chơi Donald Trump trên 'SNL'	"Alec Baldwin đã tiết lộ rằng ông gần như đã qua chơi Donald Trump trong ""Saturday Night Live"". Nam diễn viên nói với Vanity Fair về câu chuyện trang bìa tháng 4 rằng ban đầu anh ấy đã chuyển lời đề nghị của nhà sản xuất ""SNL"" Lorne Michaels để đóng vai Trump nhưng đã thay đổi suy nghĩ sau khi vai diễn trong phim bị thất bại. ""Tôi đáng lẽ phải làm một bộ phim. Và những người đang làm phim được cho là ký quỹ để đảm bảo rằng tôi sẽ được trả tiền, anh ta nói trong một video đi kèm câu chuyện trang bìa. Và họ đã không đưa tiền vào ký quỹ. Và đó là khi tôi gác máy và nói rằng tôi sẽ không đi làm phim và tôi sẽ đi làm điều đó với Lorne. Và tôi nghĩ với bản thân mình 'Nếu tôi không làm điều đó thì sao?' ... Hóa ra đây là cơ hội tuyệt vời này. "" Ấn tượng của Baldwin đã nổi tiếng đến mức ông đã đưa nó vào một cuốn sách châm biếm sắp tới và xuất hiện lần thứ 17 với tư cách là chủ nhân của ""SNL"" vào đầu năm nay. Anh ấy nói về việc Trump chơi với các ngôi sao ""SNL"" Kate McKinnon và Tina Fey và đóng vai chính trong cuộc đời anh ấy trong cuốn hồi ký mới ""Tuy nhiên sẽ ra mắt vào tháng tới. Vanity Fair đã xuất bản một trích đoạn độc quyền."	Legit
Entertainment	Ex-Fox News CFO sẽ không có quyền miễn trừ trong cuộc điều tra của Roger Ailes	"""Cuộc điều tra liên bang xuất phát từ các cáo buộc quấy rối tình dục đối với cựu giám đốc Fox News Roger Ailes đã có một bước chuyển mạnh mẽ vào thứ ba với một báo cáo rằng các công tố viên sẽ từ chối bất kỳ sự miễn trừ nào đối với Giám đốc tài chính của Fox News. Tháng 8 đã được đề nghị miễn trừ truy tố để đổi lấy sự hợp tác của anh ta với cuộc điều tra hai nguồn có kiến thức về vấn đề được xác nhận với CNNMoney. Tuy nhiên, những lời đề nghị này đã được rút ra sau khi CFO từ chối trình bày tại ngày ra tòa. 21st Century Fox đã lừa các nhà đầu tư bằng cách che giấu các khoản thanh toán cho các nhân viên của Fox News, những người cáo buộc rằng họ đã bị Ailes quấy rối tình dục. Vì CFO Kranz đã trực tiếp tham gia vào việc lập báo cáo tài chính của công ty và do đó có khả năng là nhân chứng chính trong cuộc điều tra các nguồn tin. từ chối bình luận về vấn đề này. Người phát ngôn của Bộ Tư pháp và Hoa Kỳ Văn phòng của Orney cho Quận phía Nam New York đang xử lý cuộc điều tra cũng từ chối bình luận. """	Fake
Entertainment	Emma Thompson cảm thấy 'quá béo' khi sống ở LA	"Nữ diễn viên người Anh Emma Thompson cho biết cô chưa bao giờ chuyển đến Los Angeles vì cô cảm thấy mình bị coi là ""quá béo"" khi đến thăm. ""Đó là một nơi xa lạ và tôi không thể sống ở đó, cô ấy nói với chương trình trò chuyện Thụy Điển Skavlan. Người chiến thắng giải Oscar cũng lên án áp lực khiến nữ diễn viên phải gầy. Hiện tại, có rất nhiều trẻ em gái và trẻ em gái và nữ diễn viên rất Cô ấy rất gầy, những người ở độ tuổi 30 [và] chỉ đơn giản là không ăn. : Các nhà sản xuất đã nói với cô ấy rằng 'Bạn sẽ giảm cân chứ?' Bạn sẽ không bao giờ làm điều đó '."	Legit
Entertainment	Những gì mong đợi từ đài tưởng niệm công cộng của Carrie Fisher và Debbie Reynold:	"""Vào thứ Sáu, một vài người được chọn sẽ có cơ hội nói lời chia tay với Carrie Fisher và mẹ cô ấy, Debbie Reynold, người đã chết cách nhau mười ngày vào đầu tháng 3. Lễ tưởng niệm sẽ được tổ chức tại Đền thờ quốc gia vô thần vào lúc 7 giờ sáng. Không ai được phép để vào mà không mua vé trước, số tiền thu được sẽ được chuyển đến một tổ chức từ thiện để chăm sóc sức khỏe tâm thần được đặt tên sau đó. Các thủ tục tố tụng sẽ không thể được nhìn thấy từ bất cứ nơi nào ngoài ngôi đền. Con trai của Reynold Billy Bob Todd John nói với Vanity Fair rằng đài tưởng niệm không giống với những gì anh hy vọng và anh không muốn ai tham dự. ""Cô ghét người hâm mộ và ghét cảnh tượng. Cô ấy sẽ xấu hổ về màn hình này. """	Fake
Entertainment	Sienna Miller ca ngợi kịch bản cho vai trò mới	Sienna Miller đã dành nhiều lời khen ngợi cho đạo diễn và tác giả kịch bản của bộ phim mới của cô - Lost City of Z. Cô đóng vai người vợ trung thành và hỗ trợ cho nhà thám hiểm Amazon Percy Fawcett (do Charlie Hunnam thủ vai), người tìm kiếm một thành phố bị mất tích bí ẩn ở sự thích nghi này của một câu chuyện có thật. Cảm giác tương đồng của cô với nhân vật đã khiến cô trình bày cho đạo diễn một đoạn kịch bản được sao chép bằng tay, mà sau đó đạo diễn đóng khung như một minh chứng cho Sienna.	Fake
Entertainment	Elvis Costello thổi bùng Kanyne qua album phát hành lại	Trong một cuộc phỏng vấn với BBC 6 Costello đã nhận xét rằng chính ý tưởng về việc Kanyne cố gắng làm lại công việc của Sir Paul McCartney cũng kinh tởm như một cái tã bẩn thỉu và cũng hấp dẫn. Nhà sản xuất Matt Everitt của Adele đã nói rằng trong khi 'Hoa' trong bụi bẩn 'là một trong những album hay nhất trong các tác phẩm của McCartney, anh ấy đã không thấy sự hấp dẫn của công chúng đối với người hâm mộ đối với nghệ sĩ này khi khám phá cơ thể của tác phẩm này. Nhóm người hâm mộ của hai nhóm rất khác nhau, chỉ có ai đó có tầm cỡ ngôi sao của Michael Jackson mới có thể hoặc nên thử chiến công đó. Có lẽ Kanye nên tiếp cận khu đất của Hoàng tử và đề nghị mua một số tác phẩm chưa được công bố của mình.	Fake
Entertainment	Anh ấy không quen thuộc lắm với việc giành giải thưởng cho kỹ năng sản xuất âm nhạc hoặc ca sĩ, nhưng những gì mọi người biết về Pharrell Williams thời kỳ đầu về cơ bản không là gì cả. Anh không có hy vọng và ước mơ và âm nhạc chỉ rơi vào lòng anh. Anh ấy sẽ sản xuất một bộ phim làm lại nhưng có khả năng sẽ có người khác hoàn thành nó cho anh ấy.	"Tại Washington, đệ nhất phu nhân Melania Trump, người vợ thứ ba của Donald Trump, Tổng thống Mỹ, đã nói về sự bình đẳng và tự do cho phụ nữ trong bữa tiệc mừng Ngày Quốc tế Phụ nữ tại Nhà Trắng. Bữa tiệc trưa chỉ dành cho những người phụ nữ có xã hội cao, những người có vẻ dễ chấp nhận những gì Melania nói. Melania lưu ý ""là một phụ nữ nhập cư, tôi biết những thách thức và khó khăn mà tất cả phụ nữ tạo ra - những người đến từ Mỹ, và những người không."" Cô tiếp tục lưu ý rằng các vấn đề của phụ nữ sẽ là một chủ đề quan trọng mà cô đề cập trong khi Đệ nhất phu nhân."	Fake
Entertainment	Tomb Raider: Bức ảnh đầu tiên của Alicia Vikander khi Lara Croft phát hành	"Đó là công việc bụi bặm khi trở thành Tomb Raider như bức ảnh đầu tiên của Alicia Vikander khi Lara Croft tiết lộ. Người chiến thắng Oscar Thụy Điển tiếp quản Angelina Jolie trong bộ phim mới nhất được rút ra từ nhượng quyền trò chơi video nổi tiếng. Được mô tả như là một phần khởi động lại, bộ phim được cho là một câu chuyện có nguồn gốc từ cốt truyện của trò chơi Tomb Raider phát hành năm 2013. Được đạo diễn bởi Roar Uthaug có tên tuyệt vời ra mắt vào tháng 3 năm 2018. Vikander, người đã giành giải Oscar cho Cô gái Đan Mạch mô tả Lara là ""một nhân vật thực sự mang tính biểu tượng"", người đóng vai trò là ""hình mẫu cho nhiều phụ nữ trẻ"". ""Cô ấy đang cố gắng tạo ra vị trí của mình trên thế giới và kết nối tương lai của mình với người quá khứ 28 tuổi nói với Vanity Fair. Đạo diễn người Na Uy Uthaug cho biết bộ phim - cũng có sự tham gia của cha Dominic West - sẽ không chỉ tập trung vào Lara sức mạnh và thành tựu thể chất nhưng con người của cô ấy ""."	Legit
Entertainment	Michelle Pfeiffer nói rằng cô ấy 'đang hướng tới sự nghỉ ngơi và thư giãn' khi các con của cô ấy đã trưởng thành	"""Michelle Pfeiffer"" hiện đang tận hưởng rất nhiều thời gian rảnh rỗi. Chúng tôi đã nói chuyện với đạo diễn Darren Aronofsky cho Interview Magainze, người nói rằng sự nghiệp Hollywood của Pfeiffer không phải là khó khăn sau khi cô ấy có con, và cô ấy làm việc cực kỳ chăm chỉ để làm mẹ và là một nữ diễn viên. Nhưng bây giờ khi họ đã trưởng thành, cô ấy quyết định rằng cô ấy cần một kỳ nghỉ dài. Michelle Pfeiffer nói: ""Tôi chưa bao giờ đánh mất tình yêu của mình cho diễn xuất, nhưng tôi cảm thấy như đã đến lúc nghỉ ngơi và thư giãn. Tôi muốn tận hưởng thế giới và cuộc sống trong suốt những năm còn lại để đi du lịch và dành thời gian cho gia đình"". Con của cô ấy là Claudia Rose Pfeiffer 24 tuổi và con trai John Henry Kelley là 22. Năm nay, Michelle Pfeiffer sẽ không tham gia bất kỳ chương trình truyền hình hay phim nào. Cô tin rằng mình đã làm việc đủ và rất thích nhìn thấy con mình có con riêng."	Fake
Entertainment	Reese Witherspoon và chồng tranh cãi về giáo dục của con trai	"Nữ diễn viên Reese Witherspoon và chồng đã tình cờ nghe được cuộc thảo luận sôi nổi tại một quán cà phê LA về con trai của họ, giáo dục tương lai của Tennessee. Người chiến thắng giải Oscar đã tình cờ nói rằng cô ấy muốn con trai mình được học tại nhà, nhưng chồng cô, Toth, không đồng ý trích dẫn lịch trình bận rộn của các cặp vợ chồng là một trở ngại lớn để theo đuổi việc giáo dục tại nhà một cách hiệu quả. Witherspoon kết hôn với chồng vào năm 2011 và gần đây, công khai, tiff chỉ là một sự cố nữa thêm vào những gì dường như là một mối quan hệ ngày càng rắc rối. Gần đây đã tweet, ""Nhớ người đàn ông nhỏ bé này rất nhiều khi tôi đang làm việc"", nữ diễn viên thành công có thể đang tìm kiếm một kết nối gần gũi hơn với gia đình cô."	Fake
Entertainment	'DWTS': Cặp đôi đầu tiên bị loại là ...	"Người nổi tiếng đầu tiên khởi động từ ""Dancing With the Stars"" bị chỉ trích là ""quá cứng"". Thật không may, Chris Kattan không thể giúp điều đó vì một chấn thương tê liệt trong quá khứ. Cựu ngôi sao ""SNL"" đã chia sẻ trong một video trong chương trình tối thứ Hai rằng anh ấy bị gãy cổ 14 năm trước và đã trải qua nhiều cuộc phẫu thuật kể từ đó ảnh hưởng đến phạm vi chuyển động của anh ấy. ""Một phần của những gì tôi từng làm là hài kịch về thể chất nhưng bây giờ tôi không thể nói Kattan bằng nước mắt. Thật buồn khi ai đó nói 'Tôi nhớ Chris cũ.' Thật tệ khi nghe điều đó. "" Bạn nhảy của anh ấy, Witney Carson cũng đã xúc động rơi nước mắt sau khi Kattan cho cô ấy xem x-quang lưng của anh ấy với tất cả các chân phẫu thuật anh ấy có. ""Thật điên rồ khi ai đó có thể có điều đó xảy ra với họ và sau đó đủ can đảm để thử điều gì đó như cô ấy nói."	Legit
Entertainment	Shailene Woodley đạt được thỏa thuận để tránh bị tù vì phản đối đường ống	Nữ diễn viên Mỹ Shailene Woodley đã đạt được thỏa thuận về việc cô tham gia vào cuộc biểu tình phản đối đường ống dẫn dầu của Dakota Access. Ngôi sao Woodley của loạt phim Divergent là một trong 27 người bị bắt tại địa điểm này vào tháng 10 năm ngoái. Bây giờ cô đã ký một tài liệu đồng ý nhận tội đối với hành vi sai trái của hành vi sai trái có nghĩa là cô sẽ tránh được tù. Dự án đường ống đã gây tranh cãi và thu hút nhiều cuộc biểu tình lớn. Người Mỹ bản địa nói rằng nó sẽ mạo phạm vùng đất thiêng và hủy hoại môi trường.	Legit
Entertainment	Olivia Newton-John gợi ý về cuộc hội ngộ có thể với John Travolta cho kỷ niệm 40 năm của 'Greas'	"Tin vui cho người hâm mộ vô vọng dành cho các ngôi sao ""Greas"" John Travolta và Olivia Newton-John. Newtwon-John nói với tờ The Mirror của Anh rằng cuộc hội ngộ có thể diễn ra vào năm tới để đánh dấu kỷ niệm 40 năm của bộ phim năm 1978. Nữ diễn viên kiêm ca sĩ người Úc 68 xác nhận rằng cô và Travolta đã thảo luận về ý tưởng cho một cuộc hội ngộ nhưng cô không tiết lộ bất kỳ chi tiết nào. Phát biểu trước Lễ trao giải danh tiếng tại Hard Rock Live ở Las Vegas, nơi cô đang nhận Giải thưởng Biểu tượng Newton-John nói với The Mirror ""Chúng tôi đang nghĩ cách. Không có gì để công bố."" ""Bốn mươi năm kỷ niệm 'Mỡ' mà tôi không thể tin cô ấy tiếp tục. Thời gian trôi qua thật nhanh. Thật là thú vị."" Đánh dấu kỷ niệm 40 năm có thể là một trong những buổi biểu diễn cuối cùng của Newton-John trước khi cô nghỉ hưu sau 50 năm trong ngành kinh doanh trình diễn. ""Khi thời gian trôi qua, tôi nghĩ sẽ làm ít hơn và có nhiều thời gian hơn cô ấy nói. Nhưng đó không phải là lần đầu tiên ý nghĩ xuất hiện trong đầu cô ấy. Mỗi năm trong 20 năm qua tôi nghĩ rằng mình đã nghỉ hưu và rồi ai đó sẽ nghỉ hưu nói 'Làm thế nào về điều này?' và nó giống như 'Ồ trông vui lắm' hoặc 'Thế này thì sao?' ""Newton-John thừa nhận. ""Những điều mà tôi sẽ không bao giờ nghĩ về."""	Legit
Entertainment	Sean Spicer nói với phóng viên rằng 'đừng lắc đầu'	"Thư ký báo chí Nhà Trắng Sean Spicer nói với một phóng viên ""ngừng lắc đầu"" trong một cuộc trao đổi tại cuộc họp báo hàng ngày vào thứ ba. Spicer tỏ ra khó chịu bởi người đứng đầu văn phòng tháng Tư Ryan Washington cho American Radio Radio Networks khi cô hỏi chính quyền của Tổng thống Trump sẽ làm gì để tân trang hình ảnh của mình sau các báo cáo về mối quan hệ với Nga. Spicer phản đối tiền đề: ""Tôi đánh giá cao chương trình nghị sự của bạn ở đây. Tại một số điểm báo cáo sự thật."" Ông nói rằng không có sự thông đồng nào được chứng minh giữa các cộng sự của Trump và các quan chức Nga về sự can thiệp vào cuộc bầu cử năm ngoái, rằng ""nếu tổng thống đưa nước sốt salad Nga vào món salad của ông tối nay bằng cách nào đó thì đó là mối liên hệ của Nga"". Spicer cho biết Ryan đã xuất hiện ""bẻ cong địa ngục"" khi chiếu hình ảnh Nhà Trắng của chính mình khi cô hỏi Trump có thể làm gì để sửa chữa mối quan hệ với cựu Ngoại trưởng Condoleezza Rice, người không ủng hộ chiến dịch của ông và gặp lại tổng thống sau đó tuần này. ""Làm ơn đừng lắc đầu lần nữa, Spicer nói với Ryan. Ông nói rằng tổng thống đang thực hiện lời hứa xây dựng những cây cầu với cả những người ủng hộ và đối thủ."	Legit
Entertainment	"""Dancing With the Stars"": Cặp đôi đầu tiên giành chiến thắng trong cuộc thi nhảy"	"Trong chương trình ""Dancing With the Stars"", cặp đôi người nổi tiếng đầu tiên đã giành chiến thắng trong mọi vòng thi đôi khi bị đánh giá gay gắt. Bất chấp chấn thương làm tê liệt Chris Kattan từ quá khứ của anh. Chris Kattan, một cựu ngôi sao ""SNL"" đã chia sẻ với thế giới trong một video về chấn thương của anh ấy được chiếu vào tối thứ Hai. Anh ta bị chấn thương cánh tay 10 năm trước. Biết mình có một số hạn chế do phải phẫu thuật nhiều lần, Chris rất khiêm tốn khi biết anh với bạn nhảy, Witney Carson đã được chọn là người chiến thắng trong số rất nhiều cặp đôi khiêu vũ xứng đáng khác trong ""Dancing the With Stars"". Từng biểu diễn hài kịch trên ""SNL"" và bây giờ với những giọt nước mắt vui sướng, nói rằng anh ấy đã chiến đấu rất chăm chỉ để lọt vào vòng chung kết."	Fake
Entertainment	Phản ứng tiêu cực đầu tiên đối với 'Cướp biển Caribbean 5' tại CinemaCon	"""Walt Disney Studios đã tiết lộ phần thứ tư trong loạt phim"" Cướp biển Caribbean ""của họ"" Dead Men Tell No Tales ""vào tối thứ Tư tại CinemaCon ở Las Vegas. Phản ứng ban đầu từ những người tham dự bao gồm chủ nhà hát và nhà triển lãm báo chí phần lớn là tiêu cực, lên án Sự trở lại để hình thành nhượng quyền thương mại và VFX khủng khiếp. Các đánh giá chính thức bị cấm vận cho đến ngày 22 tháng 5. Bộ phim swashbuckling thấy sự trở lại của Johnny Depp trong vai Đại úy Jack Sparrow và Geoffrey Rush trong vai Barbossa và giới thiệu một diễn viên trẻ mới bao gồm Brenton Thwaites và Kaya Scodelario. Javier Bardem đóng vai một nhân vật phản diện ma quái với sự báo thù khi tất cả họ tìm kiếm cây đinh ba của Poseidon trên biển. Orlando Bloom cũng trở lại với vai Will Sparrow, người đã không tham gia bộ phim ""Cướp biển"" kể từ năm 2007 ""At World End. """" Dead Men Tell No Tales ""là bộ phim"" Cướp biển ""đầu tiên kể từ"" On Stranger Tides ""năm 2011 và là bộ phim đầu tiên được đạo diễn bởi Joachim R? Nning và Espen Sandberg. đã thu được hơn 3,73 tỷ đồng trên toàn thế giới cho hãng phim và có một số áp lực đối với bộ phim thứ tư này để tiếp tục những thành công to lớn của các bộ phim trước đó đồng thời lấy lại danh tiếng đang bị tụt lại của nó. """	Fake
Entertainment	Huck có thực sự chết trên 'Scandal?'	"Đừng chôn vùi anh ta nữa. Nam diễn viên thủ vai Huck trong ""Scandal"" có một số từ hy vọng cho những người hâm mộ buồn bã về tập phim cliffhanger tuần trước, trong đó nhân vật của anh đã bị bắn nhiều lần. Guillermo Diaz đang cảnh báo mọi người nên nhớ ""Vụ bê bối"" thường đầy bất ngờ. Nam diễn viên nói với entmt Tonight rằng kịch bản mà Meg quay Huck ""chỉ thổi tôi đi - không có ý định chơi chữ"". ""Phản ứng của tôi là tôi hoàn toàn không tin tưởng được nhưng anh ấy cũng nói rất phấn khích. Đó là một kịch bản tuyệt vời, nó rất mọng nước Là một diễn viên tôi rất vui mừng."" Diaz cho biết người sáng tạo của chương trình Shonda Rhimes có thể được ghi nhận mang lại rất nhiều hứng thú."	Legit
Entertainment	Căn hộ NYC với đàn piano của David Bowie sẽ cho thuê 10.000,00 mỗi tháng	Bạn có thể có cơ hội trọn đời với sân thượng nhìn ra Quảng trường Thời đại ở New York. Bạn cũng sẽ có cơ hội mua tòa nhà với giá 64 triệu đồng. Tòa nhà này từng thuộc sở hữu của David và người vợ đáng yêu Iman. Đây là một thỏa thuận tuyệt vời và đã được đưa ra thị trường vào thứ Hai. Họ đã bán tòa nhà này 01 năm sau đám cưới của họ, cây đàn piano Yamaha được mạ vàng đã được đưa vào bán và vẫn còn tồn tại đến ngày hôm nay. Những người bán hiện tại không có hứng thú với piano và đã để lại cho chủ sở hữu mới. Tôi nghĩ rằng đàn piano sẽ khó di chuyển nhưng đây là một thỏa thuận tuyệt vời cho những người mua tiềm năng như được nói bởi đại lý độc quyền Bernice Leventhal của Cơ quan Coran. Ngôi nhà rộng 1.778 foot vuông không được sử dụng bởi các chủ sở hữu hiện tại. Nó có một tiền sảnh sang trọng, một số tủ quần áo không cửa ngăn, ba phòng ngủ chính với 2 phòng tắm chính, nhà vệ sinh nước nóng, sàn nhà và trần nhà hình vòm. Đây là một nơi tuyệt vời để gọi về nhà.	Fake
Entertainment	Căn hộ NYC có đàn piano David Bowie trên thị trường với giá 6,5 triệu	"Cơ hội chơi đàn piano của David Bowie trong khi tận hưởng tầm nhìn không bị cản trở của Công viên Trung tâm trong một căn hộ ở Thành phố New York có thể là của bạn với giá 6.495 triệu đồng. Một căn hộ ba phòng ngủ hai phòng ngủ một nửa thuộc sở hữu của Bowie và vợ Iman đã đi ra thị trường vào thứ hai. Cặp vợ chồng đã bán căn hộ nằm trong Nhà Essex trên Central Park South vào năm 2002 sau 10 năm họ cưới. Đàn piano Yamaha của Bowie đã được đưa vào bán trong năm 2002 và vẫn ở trong căn hộ cho đến nay. Những người bán hiện tại không mua căn hộ từ Bowie và Iman đang giữ cho truyền thống tồn tại bằng cách đưa cây đàn piano vào giá niêm yết. ""Tôi sẽ tưởng tượng rằng nó rất khó để di chuyển nhưng tôi nghĩ rằng nó thực sự là một sản phẩm tuyệt vời cho người mua, đại lý độc quyền của căn hộ, Bernice Leventhal của Tập đoàn Corcoran, nói với ABC News. Ngôi nhà rộng 1.877 mét vuông được sử dụng làm nhà kho. terre bởi chủ sở hữu hiện tại của nó. Nó có một tiền sảnh bằng đá vôi, tủ quần áo không cửa ngăn, hai phòng ngủ cỡ lớn và phòng tắm chính với vòi sen và sàn nhà được sưởi ấm."	Legit
Entertainment	Rapper Wiz Khalifa làm ngạc nhiên các nhà phê bình của mình bằng những bình luận của mình khi đến thăm mộ của Pablo Escobar	Nghệ sĩ rap người Mỹ Wiz Khalifa thường đưa ra những tranh cãi và chỉ trích tiêu cực với những trò hề công khai của mình. Tuy nhiên, đây không phải là trường hợp khi ông đến thăm nơi chôn cất và nơi chôn cất của trùm ma túy người Colombia Pablo Escobar. Rapper đã đăng một bức ảnh của mình tại ngôi mộ có chứa những bông hoa màu đen kèm theo lời bình luận rằng những bông hoa là một cách thể hiện rằng anh ấy nghĩ rằng đây không phải là cách để sống cuộc sống của một người. Anh ta cũng đăng một bức ảnh của mình bên ngoài khu đất - nơi anh ta lưu ý rằng những gì đã xảy ra ở đây - nơi đánh bom và cố gắng trong cuộc sống của Escobar - không phải là một cuộc sống mà trẻ em ngày nay nên say mê bằng mọi cách.	Fake
Entertainment	'Bates Motel' chém vào 'Tâm lý' trong mùa cuối cùng	"Có một ranh giới tốt giữa chấp nhận rủi ro sáng tạo và bất khả xâm phạm khi giao dịch với các tài sản nổi tiếng. Mặc dù ""Bates Motel"" có thể không cam kết sau đó, nhưng dường như họ đã hy sinh quyền tự lập hóa đơn như một phần tiền truyện của ""Tâm lý"". Sê-ri AE luôn xuất hiện cùng với ngày hết hạn tích hợp đối mặt với nguy cơ hết bất động sản khi nó nhai qua câu chuyện liên quan đến tác phẩm kinh điển năm 1960 của Alfred Hitchcock. Bối cảnh hiện đại cũng làm cho quá trình tố tụng bớt ma quái hơn với điện thoại di động và các thiết bị hiện đại khác làm thay đổi động lực của việc nói một mình trong tầng hầm với một kẻ giết người ăn mặc giống mẹ mình. Tuy nhiên, thông báo về phần thứ năm và phần cuối cùng trùng lặp với bộ phim thực sự tạo ra sự phấn khích: sau khi làm lại một cách thiếu căn cứ, điều này đưa ra một cửa sổ thay thế vào câu chuyện bao gồm cả những sự kiện này diễn ra như thế nào từ góc nhìn của Norman / Norma Bates."	Legit
Entertainment	Demi Lovato làm một ấn tượng tuổi teen hoàn hảo	"Demi Lovato thích một ấn tượng hoàn toàn chính đáng của một thiếu niên. Lovato đã xuất hiện trên ""The Tonight Show"" vào tối thứ Hai và tham gia vào tiểu phẩm ""Ew"" tái xuất của Jimmy Fallon. Các yêu cầu bao gồm mặc một bím tóc lấp lánh lố bịch và khóa môi bằng một chiếc gối được dán bằng khuôn mặt của ca sĩ Ed Sheeran. Chiếc gối được mệnh danh là ""tấm đệm lòng"" của nhân vật Fallon trong tiểu phẩm. Trong khi Lovato thực hành các kỹ năng nhếch nhác của mình với chiếc gối Sheeran, Fallon đã nâng lên một chiếc gối có khuôn mặt của chủ nhà ""Extra"" Mario Lopez."	Legit
Entertainment	Chris Pratt trả lời những kẻ giả mạo cơ thể nói với anh rằng anh quá gầy	"Chris Pratt lớn hay nhỏ đã nghe tất cả. Những ngày này, ngôi sao ""Guardians of the Galaxy"" 37 đang lúng túng vì quá gầy nhưng anh ta không chịu nằm xuống. Pratt, người đã ghi lại những món ăn vặt tốt cho sức khỏe mà anh ta đang ăn khi quay ""Jurassic World 2"" trong một loạt các video trên Instagram ""What My Snack"" đã quay trở lại - theo cách nói thông thường của anh ta - sau khi một số người theo dõi dường như cho rằng anh ta nhìn quá gầy. ""Vì vậy, nhiều người đã nói rằng tôi trông quá gầy trong các tập WHATSMYSNACK gần đây mà anh ấy đã viết trên Instagram hôm thứ Năm. Một số người đã đi xa đến mức nói tôi trông 'xương.' Chà, chỉ vì tôi là đàn ông không có nghĩa là tôi không thích những lời thì thầm của bạn."	Legit
Entertainment	Will Smith sẽ tái hợp với Fresh Prince Pals để thực hiện chương trình mới	"Will Smith trở lại cùng với dàn diễn viên The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, nhưng lần này là để thực hiện một chương trình chính vào giờ chính dựa trên bộ phim sitcom kinh điển của thập niên 90. Taping được thiết lập để bắt đầu vào cuối mùa hè. Trong một bài đăng trên Instagram, Alfonso Ribeiro (nhân vật Carleton trong chương trình) đã viết """" Luôn luôn tuyệt vời khi dành một buổi chiều với gia đình Hoàng tử tươi của tôi. ""Mong rằng James Avery vẫn ở bên chúng tôi để hoàn thành nó."" Avery, người đóng vai nhân vật chú Phil, đã qua đời vào năm 2013. ""Chúng tôi sẽ tìm cách tôn vinh trí nhớ của anh ấy trong chương trình mới; anh ấy là một phần không thể thiếu của bản gốc."" Trong bức ảnh Instragram, Smith và Ribeiro được tham gia bởi Tatyana Ali (Ashley) Karyn Parsons (Hilary) Daphne Maxwell Reid (Vivian) và Joseph Marcell (Geoffrey). """	Fake
Entertainment	Elton John quyết định không tổ chức sinh nhật lần thứ 70 của mình và vẫn ở nhà	"""Elton John không thích tiệc tùng nên anh ấy đã không tổ chức sinh nhật lần thứ 70 vào tối thứ Bảy. Ca sĩ người Anh đã phớt lờ gia đình bạn bè và nhiều người hâm mộ A ngưỡng mộ anh ấy và hủy bỏ sự kiện tại Red Studios ở Los Angeles. được tổ chức bởi Rob Lowe và không có màn trình diễn của Stevie Wonder Lady Gaga Ryan Adams và hơn thế nữa, vì nó đã bị hủy bỏ. Kết quả là Wonder đã không ở đó để biểu diễn ""Happy Birthday"" mang tính biểu tượng của mình với sự giúp đỡ từ Lady Gaga như sự kiện này thực sự chưa bao giờ xảy ra. Không ai trong số những người nổi tiếng tham dự buổi dạ tiệc cũng là một lợi ích cho Elton John AIDS Foundation và Bảo tàng Búa tại UCLA. Katy Perry không có mặt trong bữa tiệc - vì điều đó đã không xảy ra. """	Fake
Entertainment	Ngài Paul McCartney trên Lennon	"Kanye và di sản âm nhạc của riêng mình ""Album cuối cùng của Hoa hồng thập niên 80 của Sir Paul McCartney được coi là một trong những tác phẩm hay nhất thập kỷ của ông. Ông hợp tác với các nhà sản xuất nhạc sĩ mới và một đối tác sáng tác mới dưới hình thức Elvis Costello và nó đã truyền cảm hứng cho chuyến lưu diễn vòng quanh thế giới đầu tiên của anh sau 10 năm. Bây giờ khi bản thu được phát hành lại hoàn chỉnh với các bản demo chưa từng được biết đến, Sir Paul đã nói với Matt Everitt của BBC 6 Music về việc hợp tác với Costello Kanye West và Michael Jackson - nhưng tại sao anh sẽ không bao giờ làm việc với bất cứ ai tốt hơn John Lennon. Sir Paul cũng tiết lộ anh ấy đang làm việc với một album mới với nhà sản xuất của Adele và anh ấy nghĩ rằng di sản âm nhạc của mình sẽ là gì."	Legit
Entertainment	Những gì mong đợi từ đài tưởng niệm công cộng của Carrie Fisher và Debbie Reynold	"Vào thứ bảy, công chúng có cơ hội nói lời chia tay cuối cùng với Carrie Fisher và mẹ cô, Debbie Reynold, người đã chết cách nhau một ngày vào cuối tháng 12. Đài tưởng niệm sẽ được tổ chức tại Hội trường Tự do tại Nghĩa trang Forest Lawn Nghĩa trang Hollywood Hills lúc 1 giờ chiều. Người hâm mộ có thể tham dự trên cơ sở đến trước được phục vụ trước và khi hội trường lấp đầy, họ sẽ có thể đứng ngoài và xem dịch vụ trên màn hình. Không thể đến California? Toàn bộ nội dung sẽ được phát trực tiếp trên trang web của Reynold. Con trai của Reynold, ông Todd Fisher nói với Variety cách đây không lâu rằng đài tưởng niệm là điều mà mẹ ông sẽ muốn. ""Cô ấy rất kết nối với người hâm mộ của mình và cảm thấy họ là một phần của cô ấy mà anh ấy nói. và Carrie Fisher là những người bạn tốt, trước khi anh ấy nổi tiếng với bản hit You Beautiful, anh ấy thực sự sống cùng cô ấy. Nó có thể xé toạc trái tim của bạn về câu chuyện của Fisher."	Legit
Entertainment	Pharrell the nhạc: Đến một màn hình gần bạn	"Anh ấy quen thuộc với tư cách là nhà sản xuất âm nhạc và ca sĩ, nhạc sĩ từng đoạt giải thưởng, nhưng những gì được biết về cuộc sống ban đầu của Pharrell Williams? Nếu câu trả lời là ""không nhiều"" có thể sớm thay đổi khi tuổi trẻ của Williams là truyền cảm hứng cho một vở nhạc kịch trên màn ảnh rộng theo The Hollywood Reporter. Williams 43 sẽ sản xuất Atlantis - được mô tả là Romeo và Juliet với các bài hát. Giám đốc Broadway Michael Mayer sẽ đóng vai trò là người hướng dẫn của dự án. Mayer nổi tiếng với các sản phẩm như Đánh thức mùa xuân mà anh đã giành được một giải thưởng Tony cũng như American Idiot dựa trên âm nhạc của Ngày xanh. Nhà văn của Atlantis sẽ là Martin Hynes, người hiện đang làm việc cho bộ phim Toy Story thứ tư."	Legit
Entertainment	Phản ứng đầu tiên với 'Cướp biển Caribbean 5' tại CinemaCon	"Walt Disney Studios đã tiết lộ phần thứ năm trong loạt phim ""Cướp biển Caribbean"" của họ ""Dead Men Tell No Tales"" vào tối thứ ba tại CinemaCon ở Las Vegas. Phản ứng ban đầu từ những người tham dự bao gồm chủ sở hữu nhà hát và nhà triển lãm báo chí phần lớn là tích cực kỷ niệm sự trở lại hình thành cho nhượng quyền thương mại và VFX được thực hiện tốt. Các đánh giá chính thức bị cấm vận cho đến ngày 22 tháng 5. Bộ phim swashbuckling chứng kiến sự trở lại của Johnny Depp trong vai Đại úy Jack Sparrow và Geoffrey Rush trong vai Barbossa và giới thiệu một dàn diễn viên trẻ mới bao gồm Brenton Thwaites và Kaya Scodelario. Javier Bardem đóng vai một nhân vật phản diện ma quái với sự báo thù khi tất cả họ tìm kiếm cây đinh ba Poseidon trên biển. Orlando Bloom cũng trở lại với vai Will Sparrow, người đã không tham gia bộ phim ""Cướp biển"" kể từ ""At World End"" năm 2007. ""Dead Men Tell No Tales"" là bộ phim ""Cướp biển"" đầu tiên kể từ ""On Stranger Tides"" năm 2011 và là bộ phim đầu tiên được đạo diễn bởi Joachim R? Nning và Espen Sandberg. Cho đến nay, nhượng quyền thương mại đã thu về hơn 3,73 tỷ trên toàn thế giới cho hãng phim và có một số áp lực đối với bộ phim thứ năm này để tiếp tục những thành công to lớn của các bộ phim trước đó đồng thời lấy lại danh tiếng đang bị tụt lại."	Legit
Entertainment	Kênh 4 của Luân Đôn được tư nhân hóa	"Kế hoạch tư nhân hóa Kênh 2 đã được tiến hành theo Bộ trưởng Văn hóa Karen Bradley. Chính phủ Anh có kế hoạch thoái vốn khỏi kênh truyền hình công cộng vào cuối năm nay. Trong nỗ lực tiết kiệm tiền cho ngân sách chính phủ, chính phủ Anh có kế hoạch bán Kênh 4 cho một số người chưa được tiết lộ cho Gateway Partners, Inc. Gateway là một quỹ đầu tư tư nhân được biết đến để xoay quanh các doanh nghiệp đau khổ. Bộ trưởng Bradley nói: ""Việc bán Kênh 2 sẽ không chỉ là một điều tốt cho ngân sách Anh mà còn cho người tiêu dùng truyền hình. Chúng tôi tin rằng việc bán sẽ dẫn đến những cải tiến cần thiết cho đài truyền hình và đầu tư nhiều cập nhật cần thiết cho các đài truyền hình. "" Kênh thuộc sở hữu công cộng có hơn 800 nhân viên và đề xuất này đã được chính phủ xem xét trong 18 tháng qua."	Fake
Entertainment	Shailene Woodley để lãnh đạo tuyệt thực trong nhà tù trên đường ống	Nữ diễn viên Mỹ Shailene Woodley đã tuyên bố với các bạn tù và lính canh của một nhà tù ở Bắc Dakota rằng cô sẽ lãnh đạo một cuộc tuyệt thực chống lại đường ống dẫn dầu của Dakota Access. Woodley là sự khởi đầu của Divergent Series. Cô đã bị bắt tại địa điểm đường ống dẫn dầu của Dakota vào tháng 10 năm ngoái, cùng với 26 nhà hoạt động khác. Cuộc tuyệt thực của cô đã được các nhà hoạt động người Mỹ bản địa trong khu vực chứng thực và ca ngợi, những người phản đối đường ống với lý do nó sẽ vi phạm vùng đất thiêng liêng của họ.	Fake
Entertainment	Hành tinh Trái đất bị hủy bỏ sau vụ bê bối Bafta	Mặc dù thành công ban đầu, bộ phim tài liệu thiên nhiên của BBC One Planet Earth II, dự kiến sẽ được đề cử cho một số giải thưởng Craft, đã rời khỏi mạng sau cuộc xung đột không được tiết lộ với BBC. Một nguồn tin giấu tên tại BBC đã xác nhận rằng nhà sản xuất điều hành của Planet Earth đã đưa ra những nhận xét phân biệt chủng tộc trong một cuộc họp riêng, dẫn đến việc rút tất cả chín đề cử của họ. Nhà sản xuất điều hành của Planet Earth đã từ chối bình luận và từ đó đã xóa tài khoản Twitter của mình. Các ứng cử viên hàng đầu hiện tại trong Giải thưởng Thủ công bao gồm The Crown của Netflix và Người quản lý ban đêm của BBC.	Fake
Entertainment	Làm thế nào 'Bones' tạo ra một thế hệ các nhà khoa học nữ mới	"""Bones"" của Fox sắp kết thúc vào thứ ba khi đã sản xuất được 246 tập các vụ án tội phạm thường xảy ra do một nhóm do Tiến sĩ Temperance Brennan (Emily Deschanel) lãnh đạo. Đối với một số khán giả nữ của loạt phim dài tập, chương trình đã diễn ra nhiều hơn nhiều so với entmt; nó khuyến khích họ theo đuổi sự nghiệp khoa học. Morgan O. John là một trong số họ. Cô ấy là một ""đầu xương"" - một thuật ngữ gây chú ý được người hâm mộ của chương trình sử dụng để mô tả bản thân như một tập thể - nhưng cũng có bất cứ điều gì nhưng. Chàng trai 22 tuổi này chỉ còn vài tháng nữa là hoàn thành gấp đôi chuyên ngành nhân học và tiếng Pháp tại Đại học Texas Christian ở Fort Worth Texas. Lớn lên trong cái mà cô mô tả là ""một thị trấn nông thôn rất cô lập ở Tây Nam Louisiana, nhiều người đi làm hoặc trường đại học cộng đồng gần nhất sau khi tốt nghiệp trung học và sống yên tĩnh không biến chứng""."	Legit
Entertainment	Người hâm mộ Sad Slasher hâm mộ sê-ri AE 'Bates Motel'	Sản phẩm xuất sắc của AE 'Bates Motel' đang hướng đến những cuốn sách lịch sử sau một cuộc đua ly kỳ làm hài lòng hàng triệu người hâm mộ. Sự khác biệt sáng tạo đã khiến chương trình đổi mới này dừng lại, vượt xa phiên bản Gus Van Sant 1998 của Psycho như một sự tôn kính tôn sùng cho bộ phim kinh dị Alfred Hitchcock. Bối cảnh ngày nay của sê-ri AE đã thêm các vấn đề hiện đại cho những người trước đây phải đối mặt với khách đến Bates Motel. Sự cải tiến thông minh này đã nâng cấp phiên bản Alfred Hitchcock khá cũ thành một thứ mà người xem có thể thực sự xác định được. Diễn xuất cũng vượt trội so với phiên bản cũ, không màu, không màu. May mắn thay, vẫn còn một mùa nữa trong lon, vì vậy cuộc vui chưa kết thúc. Tất cả chúng ta sẽ buồn khi thấy loạt kết thúc tuyệt vời này	Fake
Entertainment	Jake Gyllenhaal giữ lại chủ đề về mối quan hệ của anh với Ryan Reynold	"Jake Gyllenhaal đã được Michael Strahan phỏng vấn vào tuần trước về bộ phim hài lãng mạn mới của anh, ""Loaf"", đóng chung với đối thủ của anh là Ryan Reynold. Ryan đóng vai bác sĩ David Jordan, mối quan tâm lãng mạn của nhân vật Gyllenhaal trong câu chuyện về sao Hỏa và sao Kim. Nhân vật này thiếu kinh nghiệm làm bác sĩ và cảm nhận được yếu tố của mình trong mối quan hệ mới này và trong nghề nghiệp mới. Gyllenhaal mô tả nhân vật của Ryan là một người lãng mạn đã từ chối đưa xuống trái đất cho dù mọi thứ đang diễn ra ở đất nước này hay thế giới ngày nay như thế nào. Mỗi nhân vật tin rằng anh ta có đôi chân trên mặt đất, nhưng cả hai đều có xu hướng bay ra ngoài vũ trụ khi mọi thứ trở nên khó khăn và họ phải đối mặt với cuộc sống trong một khu vực bị chiến tranh tàn phá giống như sống trên sao Hỏa với một đối tác sao Kim. Cuộc phỏng vấn được phát sóng trên ""Chào buổi sáng nước Mỹ"" và sau đó một phần đã được hiển thị trên Bản tin tối của CBS."	Fake
Entertainment	DEMI LOVATO CHẠM AIM TẠI TEEN CỦA TÔI TRÊN 'THE TONIGHT SHOW'	Demi Lovato đã xuất hiện trên chương trình Tonight Show của Jimmy Fallon và thực hiện một loạt các fan hâm mộ tuổi teen của cô. Lovato mặc áo crop top, bím tóc, và giả vờ ra ngoài với một chiếc gối với khuôn mặt của ca sĩ Ed Sheeran trên đó. Trong hành động của Lovato, Fallon đã đáp lại bằng cách hôn một chiếc gối có Mario Lopez của Extra.	Fake
Entertainment	Chrissy Teigen	"Patricia Arquette và phản ứng nhiều hơn với sự cố xà cạp của United Airlines ""Sau khi United Airlines cấm hai cô gái lên máy bay vào cuối tuần này vì họ mặc quần legging mà công ty cho biết là một phần trong chính sách của họ dành cho người thân và bạn bè của nhân viên đi du lịch miễn phí trên các diễn viên dự phòng và các nhà hoạt động đã đưa lên phương tiện truyền thông xã hội để chỉ trích sự lựa chọn của hãng hàng không trong vụ việc. Nhà hoạt động Shannon Watts lần đầu tiên tweet về vụ việc vào đầu Chủ nhật ""Một đại lý cổng thống nhất không cho phép các cô gái mặc quần legging bay từ Denver đến Minneapolis vì spandex không được phép ? ""Watts là mẹ của năm đứa trẻ và là người sáng lập Moms Request Action cho Gun Sense ở Mỹ. Sau khi các hãng tin lớn nhận được báo cáo về vụ việc ở Denver, một phát ngôn viên của hãng hàng không đã xác nhận báo cáo với ABC News rằng hai thanh thiếu niên là Không được phép trên chuyến bay vì xà cạp ""không tuân thủ chính sách về trang phục vì lợi ích của công ty khi đi du lịch một chương trình cho phép nhân viên của hãng hàng không và gia đình họ đi du lịch miễn phí, nhưng trong một số hướng dẫn nhất định. Có các quy tắc khác nhau cho các đặc quyền này bởi vì mọi người đang bay miễn phí người phát ngôn được thêm vào."	Legit
Entertainment	Thiếu niên bị ung thư chết trước khi Beyonce thực hiện ước nguyện cuối cùng của sinh viên.	"Đêm qua, một nhóm học sinh buồn bã từ trường trung học Alief Hastings đã tổ chức một buổi cầu nguyện dưới ánh nến trong buổi tập luyện của ban nhạc để vinh danh một trong những học sinh tốt nghiệp của chính họ, Ebony Banks, cựu thành viên của đội bảo vệ màu. Ebony, ở Houston, đã chiến đấu với một dạng ung thư hiếm gặp, và một ngày trước khi cô qua đời, bạn bè của cô đã cố gắng sắp xếp một sự kiện Face time với thần tượng của cô, Beyonce. Phát hiện ra rằng Beyonce không có mặt để tham gia vào sự kiện này, vì một lần đính hôn trước đó, các thành viên của đội bảo vệ màu đã tập trung bên ngoài nhà của Ebony giơ nến lên không trung và lắc lư theo bản hit của Beyonce, ""Halo."" Cha mẹ của Ebony đã giúp cô đến cửa sổ nơi cô có thể nhìn thấy những người bạn của mình tụ tập để tôn vinh cô. Người phát ngôn của Học khu độc lập Alief, Craig Eichhorn, nói với ABC News rằng các học sinh rất thất vọng vì Beyonce sẽ không tìm thấy thời gian để mang lại một chút niềm vui cho một người hâm mộ đang hấp hối, vì vậy họ đã tự mình nở nụ cười. Eichhorn cũng xác nhận rằng Ngân hàng đã qua đời nhiều giờ sau đó."	Fake
Entertainment	Planet Earth dẫn đầu lĩnh vực với chín đề cử Bafta Craft	Planet Earth II đã gây ấn tượng mạnh với người xem khi phát sóng vào năm ngoái - và bây giờ dường như nó cũng đã làm kinh ngạc Bafta. Bộ phim tài liệu thiên nhiên của BBC One đã nhận được chín đề cử trước Giải thưởng Thủ công hàng năm nhằm tôn vinh tài năng hậu trường trên truyền hình. Bộ phim truyền hình Netflix The Crown theo sau với bảy đề cử trong khi The Night Manager của BBC có sáu đề cử. Những người chiến thắng sẽ được công bố vào ngày 23 tháng 4 ba tuần trước Giải thưởng Truyền hình Bafta vào ngày 14 tháng 5. Đây là một danh sách các chương trình được đưa ra để làm gì.	Legit
Entertainment	Scarlett Johansson mở ra về 'Ghost in the Shell'	"Nữ diễn viên Scarlett Johansson đã mở ra về bộ phim mới của cô ""Ghost in the Shell giải quyết những tranh cãi xung quanh việc cô được chọn vào vai nữ anh hùng và thảo luận về những khó khăn khi trở thành phụ nữ ở Hollywood, trong một cuộc phỏng vấn với Good Morning America"", Michael Strahan phát sóng ngày hôm nay. Johansson nói rằng khi ""Ghost in the Shell"" lần đầu tiên được chú ý, nó ""dường như vô cùng đáng sợ khi thêm rằng con gái cô ấy vẫn còn rất trẻ, và không gian trong đầu tôi không giống như trong"" Ghost in the Shell. """" Nhưng tôi nghĩ rằng thật sự rất khó để từ chối cơ hội trở thành người đứng đầu và trung tâm cho một thứ gì đó có một lượng fan hâm mộ tích hợp như vậy, rất tận tâm và bị ám ảnh bởi nữ diễn viên nói. Và bạn cũng biết có thể quay lại trường quay Một cái gì đó như thế này Johansson nói thêm, với tư cách là một diễn viên ... với tư cách là một phụ nữ, điều đó thật hiếm. Tôi hy vọng nó không phải lúc nào cũng hiếm như vậy. """	Legit
Entertainment	Shaming béo đã giữ Emma Thompson ra khỏi Los Angeles	"Mặc dù nổi tiếng là một nữ diễn viên, Emma Thompson không bao giờ chuyển đến Los Angeles, nơi giới thượng lưu Hollywood làm việc và mua những ngôi nhà đắt tiền trong các cộng đồng bị kiểm soát. Tại sao? Bởi vì cô cảm thấy mình quá béo. Trong một cuộc phỏng vấn trên truyền hình Thụy Điển, Thompson nói: ""Đó là một nơi kỳ lạ. Tôi chỉ không thể sống ở đó."" Cô tiếp tục giải thích rằng nhiều nữ diễn viên bị biếng ăn do các nhà sản xuất liên tục săn lùng họ để giảm cân. Những phụ nữ trẻ sẽ có vóc dáng đẹp, và các nhà sản xuất vẫn sẽ yêu cầu họ giảm cân. Họ chỉ đơn giản là không ăn để họ có thể tìm việc. Thompson nói rằng cô đe dọa sẽ rời khỏi bộ phim Br slideshowead Revisited khi một bạn diễn được yêu cầu giảm cân. Cô ấy nói rằng sự xấu hổ của nhà sản xuất hiện đang được hướng đến ngay cả trẻ em và nam giới và nam giới không được miễn dịch. Sự xấu hổ tiếp tục cho đến khi một ngôi sao ở độ tuổi 30. Đến lúc đó nhiều người đã phát triển rối loạn ăn uống vĩnh viễn."	Fake
Entertainment	Ngôi sao của 'Walking Dead' Lauren Cohan trong đêm chung kết mùa 7: 'Thật đau lòng'	"Lauren Cohan, người đóng vai Maggie, một nữ chiến binh nông dân kể từ phần 2 của ""The Walking Dead không cho đi bất kỳ kẻ phá đám nào trong đêm chung kết mùa 7. Nhưng cô ấy thừa nhận rằng điều đó sẽ rất đau lòng."" ""Bạn chắc chắn có rất nhiều cảm xúc, cô ấy đã nói với HarpersBazaar.com trong một cuộc phỏng vấn mới. [Thật] vô cùng buồn bã và đẹp đẽ."" Như bất kỳ người hâm mộ nào của chương trình đều biết bộ phim về ngày tận thế zombie của AMC luôn luôn đau lòng - bằng chứng là trong buổi ra mắt mùa này khi hai trong số các diễn viên được yêu thích của chương trình trở thành nạn nhân của Negan do Jeffrey Dean Morgan thủ vai. Như mọi khi, các diễn viên thường tổ chức một buổi tiệc truyền thống hay còn gọi là ""bữa tối tử thần cho các diễn viên đã ngã xuống. Thật buồn cười khi tôi dừng lại khi nghĩ về việc gọi họ là những bữa tối chết chóc. Đó là một phần thường xuyên trong biệt ngữ của chúng tôi đến nỗi tôi quên mất nó giống như gián điệp trong đám tang của chính bạn, Cohan giải thích. Chúng tôi đã có những đêm tuyệt vời nhất bên nhau. Luôn có nhiều nước mắt nhưng chúng tôi cũng có lửa và chơi game và nói với thành viên gia đình rằng chúng tôi yêu họ nhiều như thế nào - và bạn biết họ hoàn toàn xấu hổ. """	Legit
Politics	Clinton's emotional concession: This is 'painful and will be for a long time'	"Hillary Clinton ended her historic presidential campaign Wednesday, saying it is ""painful and will be for a long time,"" as she urged for a peaceful transfer of power."	Legit
Politics	Friedman confirmed as U.S. ambassador to Israel	President Donald Trump's choice for ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, was confirmed by the Senate on Thursday, overcoming strong opposition from Democrats.	Legit
Politics	"The U.S. Supreme court has done the unthinkable! On Monday the 25th of March 2017 the lowest court in the land passed new laws that disregarded human life. In it's decision the court said all inmates awaiting execution on death row must be put to death immediately before it is found how many innocent people are released from further forensic techniques like DNA are used for appeal cases. Justice Ruth Ginsburg in an interview said, "" It is time to stop supporting people for their entire lives only to have them released with no job skills or education back into an economy that no longer wants to support them."""	"""Michelle Pfeiffer"" is now enjoying lots of free time nowadays. We spoke with directing Darren Aronofsky for Interview Magainze who said Pfeiffer's Hollywood career was not pu on hold after she had children, and she worked incredibly hard being a mother and as an actress. But now that they've grown up, she's decided that she needs a long vacation. ""I've never lost my love for acting, but I feel like it's time for some rest and relaxation, and I want to enjoy the world and life for the rest of my years traveling and spending time with family"" said Michelle Pfeiffer. Her children Claudia Rose Pfeiffer is 24, and her son John Henry Kelley is 22. This year, Michelle Pfeiffer won't star in any television shows or films. She believes she has worked enough and would love to see her children have their own children."	Fake
Politics	US leads boycott of UN talks to ban nuclear weapons	United Nations, New York (CNN)US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley announced Monday that the United States and almost 40 other nations would not participate in the first-ever talks on an international treaty to ban nuclear weapons.	Legit
Politics	Texas Must Broaden Death-Penalty Exemption, High Court Says	A divided U.S. Supreme Court said Texas must broaden its death-penalty exemption for people who are intellectually disabled, ruling that the state was violating the Constitution by using outdated medical standards.	Legit
Politics	CNN - Washington Intelligence has learned through very credible sources that the Russians have perfected ways to control President Trump through electronic devices. They are small battery packs that can be slipped into his suit pockets or even as small as a hearing aid or a watch battery that can be placed almost anywhere. They are using electronic signals that have subliminal messages that only the President can hear. Their agenda is clear and the CIA and FBI are monitoring this situation. We do know that Jarred Kushner and Ivanka are secret operatives and are helping to carry this through.	At a Trump rally the industry leaders Comcast to Verizon and to AT&T announced that they would ban together to permanently shut down the internet for Trump supports. Silicon Valley has declared that the wave of Trump supports should create their own internet and build a wall around that. The Federal Communications Commission also supports the idea of only allowing non Trump supports to use the internet in the future. The rules have been up for grabs and the leaders are making claims that make sense to most people and hav e a majority of support from the public. The bias in the country needs to be confronted and it is starting in Silicon Valley California.	Fake
Politics	Melania Trump hires communications director	(CNN)First lady Melania Trump is tapping a key member of the White House communications staff for her East Wing team -- deputy press secretary Stephanie Grisham will serve as the first lady's communications director, the White House announced Monday.	Legit
Politics	Why the Green Party Candidate Jill Stein wants Trump more than Clinton in the White House	"The presidential candidate for the Green Party, Jill Stein, says she is in love with Donald Trump. Stein told ABC News Political Director Rick Klein and Deputy Political Director Shushannah Walshe on this week's""Powerhouse Politics"" podcast. ""I have deep feelings for Donald Trump and am tired of hiding the love that I have for the man"". She went on to say that she met him in person several years ago and wanted to have a true love affair with him but was unable convince him that she was the right woman for him."	Fake
Politics	Hillary Clinton's Team to Join Wisconsin Recount Pushed by Jill Stein	WASHINGTON - Nearly three weeks after Election Day, Hillary Clinton's campaign said on Saturday that it would participate in a recount process in Wisconsin incited by a third-party candidate and would join any potential recounts in two other closely contested states, Pennsylvania and Michigan.	Legit
Politics	H-1B - You're Fired!	"Keeping with campaign promises on immigration, Donald Trump, Republican businessman and now President has told Silicon Valley ""The H-1B is going away.  It just is.  It's not good for America, it's not good for Americans.  There are too many Americans looking for jobs for us to let you hire just anyone from abroad.""  Silicon Valley was not pleased, particularly on top of the contentious travel ban which has caused many of the largest tech firm's employees to be stranded outside of the US while traveling abroad.  Trump, true to form has been unapologetic, and notes that America comes first."	Fake
Politics	Trump calls Democrats 'losers' after GOP health bill failure	President Donald Trump spoke out Friday afternoon after Republicans pulled the Obamacare overhaul he had endorsed, criticizing Democratic opposition to the bill and passing off the responsibility for its failure.	Legit
Politics	"Ellison: Democrats ""gloating"" over Republican misfortunes"	"Washington (CNN) Democratic lawmakers say they are ""gloating"" over their Republican counterparts' failure to repeal Obamacare, Rep. Keith Ellison said Monday. Speaking on CNN's ""New Day"" with Chris Cuomo, the Minnesota Democrat and deputy chairman of the Democratic National Committee said he and his party find it hilarious that Republicans still expect them to cooperate on issues like drug prices, infrastructure and tax reform. ""If the Republicans are finally forced to acknowledge that they are bamboozling the American people and that their leader is a psychopathic clown who makes cooperation of any kind impossible, I think that's a good thing,"" Ellison said."	Fake
Politics	Trump friendlier in person?	"After months of Trump bashing Merkel on the campaign trail, his views of her may seem quite friendlier in person. Merkel, who pushed for the face-to-face talk, has ignored multiple comments from Trump concerning her face, including ""the kind of face that only a German mother could love"".  Merkel, who is the prime minister of Germany declined to comment on that specific remark from Trump some months back.  Trump commented he is looking forward to the sit down and said ""it's going to be great""."	Fake
Politics	Pence: Obamacare here until Congress is ready	"VP Mike Pence noted that Congress ""just can't get their act together"" and was not ready to repeal Obamacare. Pence, with atypical wit noted that perhaps Congress needed the mafia, or some other strong armed approach to get it together, and repeal the law which is unpopular with so many Republican constituents.  Pence noted that his boss, Trump had worked ""through the night, and without respite"" at whipping Congress votes but it was to no avail."	Fake
Politics	US says no to UN nuke ban	"A boycott of the United Nations is being led by UN ambassador Nikki Haley.  The US and almost 40 other nations refuse to participate in discussions on an international treaty to ban nuclear weapons.  Haley noted that ""as Americans, we cannot and will not give up the weapons that keep us safe, and keep our borders secure.""  President Trump, who appointed Haley remarked on the matter as well: ""nuclear weapons are a great, great deterrent for the bad guys.  No way we'll not have them.  No way!"""	Fake
Politics	Trump targets tech's H-1B visa hiring tool	SAN FRANCISCO - President Trump's relationship with Silicon Valley has always been volatile at best, but it seems things soon may get even more contentious.	Legit
Politics	Women arrested  three times is Melania Trump 	(CNN) A lady resembling Presidents Trump's wife was arrested on multiple occasions when she was discovered without her makeup on. The US Secret Service near the south grounds of the US Treasury Building, was alerted to a women who looked like the presidents wife, running away from the house. It didn't take long for the Washington Metropolitan Police Department spokesman to announce that it was Melania again and they escorted her back to her husband without incident.	Fake
Politics	Hillary Clinton, the Debate Tormentor	"Hillary Clinton, Democratic Vice Presidential nominee spent much of the last debate interrupting her republican opponent, businessman Donald Trump. Hillary mocked Trump and often tried to ""translate"" things he had said.  Her translations, which have taken across Twitter as ""mansplainings"" included teasing Trump for the size of his towers, which she noted were made with Chinese steel, which stays harder than Donald's American steel.  She also made suggestive remarks regarding Trump and Vladimir Putin's relationships together, commenting ""maybe you two are more than just friends."""	Fake
Politics	Donald Trump Won't Say if He'll Accept Result of Election	"In a remarkable statement that seemed to cast doubt on American democracy, Donald J. Trump said Wednesday that he might not accept the results of next month's election if he felt it was rigged against him - a stand that Hillary Clinton blasted as ""horrifying"" at their final and caustic debate on Wednesday."	Legit
Politics	Need to reach Trump? Call Rhona.	When longtime friends and associates of President Donald Trump want to reach him, they don't go directly to the White House. Instead, they call the woman who's been the gatekeeper at Trump Tower for a quarter century: Rhona Graff.	Legit
Politics	Ivanka Trump Set to get West Wing Office as Role Expands  	Ivanka Trump, who moved to Washington saying she would play no formal role in her father's administration, is now officially setting up shop in the White House.	Legit
Politics	Meet James Robart, the judge who halted Trump's immigration ban	The federal judge who blocked President Trump's immigration ban spent more than 30 years in private practice before taking the bench, giving up a lucrative career that saw him representing breweries, energy companies and Southeast Asian immigrants.	Legit
Politics	U.S. Travel Industry Looks at New Opportunities Under Trump	"The U.S. Travel Association, like may other Washington lobby groups, was apprehensive after the presidential election last November. ""We are encouraged that Mr. Trump's extensive business and hospitality background ... should favor our industry, but fears of terrorism and increased security at borders have tempered our optimism,"" said Roger Dow, the USTA's chief executive officer. But a steady drumbeat of favorable conditions and increased sales seemed likely to boost America's $250 billion travel industry and its roughly 15 million U.S. employees."	Fake
Politics	First on CNN: Border wall will cost much less than anticipated due to cheap labor	"Washington (CNN) The Trump administration has asked for just $1 million of funding to cover the first 62 miles of border wall.  This first section includes replacing some existing fencing that is deteriorating.  Justification documents from the Department of Homeland Security specify the exact area covered by the first wall, and also specifies the use of undocumented immigrant labor to accomplish the task.  ""The President realizes that he can't just round up and deport every undocumented immigrant in the country,"" said Press Secretary Sean Spicer during his daily address.  ""So instead he is putting them to work - they get an income, and we get a wall.  It's a win-win for everybody,"" Spicer said."	Fake
Politics	State Department tightens scrutiny for certain foreigners	Washington (CNN)Secretary of State Rex Tillerson sent four cables directing embassies worldwide to identify certain groups that should get extra scrutiny when they apply for visas, including screening of applicants' social media, according to US officials.	Legit
Politics	Pres. Trump Declares That He Is Moving White House	"Washington (CNN)Attorney General Jeff Sessions has declared that President Trump has decided to move the White House to a sanctuary city. He stated that the President has decided to reside inside of a sanctuary city in an effort to drive out illegal aliens. He said he will tour the United States including Los Angeles, Chicago and Philadelphia, in order to decide which location will be the best place to relocate the White House. Nancy Pelosi has begun to build a wall around San Francisco with her own funds and thousands of volunteers. The wall will be called, ""Oh No"" and is scheduled to be completed this week."	Fake
Politics	Appeals court refuses to reinstate Trump's travel ban	A federal appeals court Thursday refused to let President Trump reinstitute a temporary ban on travelers from seven majority-Muslim nations, ruling that it violates the due process rights of people affected without a sufficient national security justification.	Legit
Politics	Biden: Trump was wiretapped, but not by US	"Joe Biden said President Donald Trump was indeed, wiretapped but not by the US. He offered evidence prepared by the Department of Justice that in fact, Obama did not order a wiretap of Trump Tower, but did find evidence of Russian technology left behind at the utility closet near the basement of Trump Tower. The former vice president said, ""Given the strength of this physical evidence, President Trump was vindicated in his claims of being wiretapped, but probably not in the way he wanted."" Obama, via a spokesperson, denied that he wiretapped Trump Tower after the current president tweeted the accusation. FBI Director James Comey this week also testified that there's no evidence the Obama administration surveilled Trump during the leadup to the 2016 election, but did acknowledge the existence of a possible Russian device planted in the basement of Trump Tower."	Fake
Politics	In Second Debate, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Spar in Bitter, Personal Terms	"Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton collided in an almost unremittingly hostile debate on Sunday night, a 90-minute spectacle of character attacks, tawdry allegations, and Mr. Trump's startling accusation that Mrs. Clinton had ""tremendous hate in her heart."""	Legit
Politics	AQAP trying to hide explosives in laptop batteries, official says	Washington (CNN)Intelligence obtained in recent weeks found that an al Qaeda affiliate was perfecting techniques for hiding explosives in batteries and battery compartments of electronic devices, according to a US official.	Legit
Politics	White House attacks Clintons in pushback against Manafort allegations	White House press secretary Sean Spicer attacked former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in response to a report raising concerns about former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort's connections to Russia.	Legit
Politics	Melania Trump: Women First, Only	"In Washington, first lady Melania Trump, third wife to Donald Trump, US President, spoke about equality and freedom for women at the International Women's Day luncheon at the White House.  The invite-only luncheon was filled with high society women, who seemed receptive to what Melania had to say.  Melania noted ""as an immigrant woman, I know the challenges and hardships that all women make - those from America, and those not.""  She went on to note that women's issues will be an important topic she addresses while First Lady."	Fake
Politics	Trump's travel ban still out of favor with court	A federal appellate court on Thursday refused to reinstate Trump's travel ban.  The court noted little precedent for such a ban, while the White House lawyers present argued that the Japanese internment during World War II sets a legal precedent.  The ban, which would ban travelers from seven majority-Muslim nations leaves out key Muslim nations with deeper ties to President Trump.	Fake
Politics	Neil deGrasse Tyson goes supernova on Trump budget	"(CNN)Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson believes President Donald Trump's first proposed budget could make America ""weak,"" ""sick"" and ""stupid."""	Legit
Politics	In age of Trump, Obama is the new tabloid darling	Donald Trump might be the original tabloid president, but while he works long hours in Washington making phone calls from the Oval Office and wreaking havoc on Twitter, the gossip pages and fashion blogs are spilling a lot of ink chronicling his predecessor.	Legit
Politics	Ellison: Democrats 'stand ready' to work with Republicans	"Washington (CNN)Democratic lawmakers ""stand ready"" to work with their Republican counterparts following the failure of GOP efforts to repeal Obamacare, Rep. Keith Ellison said Monday."	Legit
Politics	Hillary Clinton, Mocking and Taunting in Debate, Turns the Tormentor	"She mansplained him. ""Let me translate that if I can,"" Hillary Clinton said dryly after Donald J. Trump talked up his tax plan."	Legit
Politics	State Department relaxes travel restrictions for certain foreigners.	"Washington (CNN) Secretary of State Rex Tillerson sent out a memorandum today to various worldwide embassies directing them to ease restrictions on foreigners' ability to travel.  Specifically, they have been asked to cease the screening of applicants' social media accounts and limit background checks to include known terrorists.  This action seems to be in direct violation of President Donald's Trump executive order restricting travel from most Muslim countries, which he signed on March 6.  The memorandum, marked ""sensitive"" but not classified, was leaked to the media by sources close to the State Department; more information will be posted as it becomes available."	Fake
Politics	Homeland Security Goes On Strike	Washington (CNN)President Donald Trump posted on Twitter that all of the Homeland Security officers must go on strike immediately. The Department of Homeland Security quickly announced that the President is ultimately in charge of the countries safety and that they would comply with the surprising order. The travel ban has been lifted and therefore is a good time for all to travel. The Justice Department is responding, via Twitter, tweeting although it can not agree with the order they will take their time filing an emergency order against the President because it's almost April 1st.	Fake
Politics	Poll: Trump's approval rating soars	President Donald Trump's approval rating has soared to a new high of 83 percent in the Quinnipiac University poll. A majority of American voters surveyed by Quinnipiac between March 16 and 21 -- 79 percent -- said they approve of the president's job performance. Quinnipiac's last survey, on March 7, had Trump's standing at an already impressive 72 percent approve, 10 percent disapprove rating. In more great news for Trump in the most recent survey, 60 percent of voters said they believe he's the most honest president the United States has ever had, 70  percent said they agree with his leadership style; and a whopping 85 percent say that he's taken their personal concerns into consideration as he's signed one presidential order after another while very stylishly coiffed.	Fake
Politics	Trump welcomes Merkel after bashing her on campaign trail	On Friday, Merkel presses ahead with the new, arriving in Washington for her first face-to-face encounter with Trump after months of preparation and one postponement due to snow. Analysts and White House officials alike say Friday's sit-down will be Trump's most important meeting with a foreign leader since the Republican businessman took office in January.	Legit
Politics	Rhona Graff, Trump's GateKeeper	"Rhona GRaff, longtime Trump associate and friend has a direct line to the White House. Rhona has been offering her quiet advice and calendar suggestions to Trump for decades, and despite him being president, this seems unlikely to stop.  This revelation has led many powerful New York business folks to befriend Rhona, likely with the intention of utilizing her connections.  Ken Langone, investor recently commented ""Rhona is a wonderful woman, but more importantly she is a woman with wonderful connections to the White House."""	Fake
Politics	"Trump's Gatekeeper ""Holds the Door"""	"Trump, Republican businessman and now President has made many remarks about loyalty over the campaign, and has often broadsided Republicans who he deemed hisloyal.  Ms. Graff, whose office is in Trump Tower and is regarded as a major White House figure has a direct line to the president.  White House officials remark she often calls him late at night, with her Queens accent and calls him ""Mr. T"", a nickname he allegedly loves. Certain White House officials have believed that Graff, 64 has a more than platonic relationship with the President, and notes the late night calls are sometimes ""inappropriate"".  Ms. Graff declined to comment."	Fake
Politics	Neil deGrasse Tyson praises Trump on budget plan	"Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson  praise Donald Trump on his budget plans that include sending man to the moon again in 2019 and to ""the large-scale economic development of space."" ""The fastest way to make America great again:  Set a goal to return to the moon,"" he tweeted in praise of the President.  ""the fastest way to make America great again, commit to a bold plan to the business of space development."""	Fake
Politics	Homeland Security suspends travel ban	Washington (CNN)President Donald Trump's government moved swiftly Saturday to comply with a federal judge's order halting his travel ban -- even as Trump himself denounced the judge -- but readied its legal defense of the controversial executive action.	Legit
Politics	Meet James Robart, the judge who approved Trump's immigration ban	"President Trump's immigration ban got a major push today with its approval from federal judge James Robart.  Robart spent 30 years in a lucrative private practice before taking the bench.  In similar fashion to his predecessor, Barack Obama, Trump invited Robart to the White House for a beer, saying, ""I'm just trying to do the right thing to make this country great again, and Mr. Robart just became a key part of that process with his actions today.""  Robart was appointed in 2004 by President George W. Bush and confirmed unanimously by the U.S. Senate."	Fake
Politics	Why Green Party Presidential Candidate Jill Stein Doesn't Want Either Clinton or Trump in the White House	Jill Stein, the presidential candidate for the Green Party, says she would be unhappy with either mainstream party candidate -- Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump -- in the White House.	Legit
Politics	Sources: FBI investigation continues into 'odd' computer link between Russian bank and Trump Organization	(CNN)Federal investigators and computer scientists continue to examine whether there was a computer server connection between the Trump Organization and a Russian bank, sources close to the investigation tell CNN.	Legit
Politics	Schwarzenegger swings at Trump solar plexus	Former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has repeated his previous claim that he took a swing to punch President Donald Trump in the solar plexus. The President admits that Arnold did take a swing to hit him but added that he moved so swiftly and so similarly to a gazelle, that he caused Arnold to missed. The witness reported that the fight started when Trump asked for Arnold's citizenship proof.	Fake
Politics	Schumer: Trump showed 'basic lack of competence' on health care bill	Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer criticized President Donald Trump after the GOP-backed health care bill failed to garner enough support for a vote on the House floor Friday, saying the president showed two unhelpful traits during negotiations.	Legit
Politics	क्लिंटन की भावनात्मक रियायत: यह 'दर्दनाक है और लंबे समय तक रहेगा'	"हिलेरी क्लिंटन ने बुधवार को अपने ऐतिहासिक राष्ट्रपति अभियान को समाप्त कर दिया, यह कहते हुए कि यह ""दर्दनाक है और लंबे समय तक रहेगा,"" क्योंकि उन्होंने सत्ता के शांतिपूर्ण हस्तांतरण के लिए आग्रह किया था।"	Legit
Politics	फ्राइडमैन ने इजरायल में अमेरिकी राजदूत के रूप में पुष्टि की	इज़राइल में राजदूत डेविड फ्राइडमैन के लिए राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प की पसंद की पुष्टि गुरुवार को सीनेट ने की, जो डेमोक्रेट के मजबूत विरोध को खत्म कर रही थी।	Legit
Politics	"अमेरिकी सुप्रीम कोर्ट ने 25 मार्च 2017 को सोमवार को अकल्पनीय कार्रवाई की है। भूमि की सबसे निचली अदालत ने मानव जीवन की अवहेलना करने वाले नए कानून पारित किए हैं। इस फैसले में अदालत ने कहा कि मौत की सजा पर फांसी का इंतजार कर रहे सभी कैदियों को तुरंत मौत के घाट उतार दिया जाना चाहिए क्योंकि यह पाया जाता है कि कितने निर्दोष लोगों को आगे की फॉरेंसिक तकनीकों से रिहा किया जाता है जैसे डीएनए का इस्तेमाल अपील के मामलों के लिए किया जाता है। न्यायमूर्ति रूथ गिंसबर्ग ने एक साक्षात्कार में कहा, ""यह उनके संपूर्ण जीवन के लिए लोगों को समर्थन देने से रोकने का समय है कि उन्हें बिना किसी कौशल या शिक्षा के वापस अर्थव्यवस्था में लाया जाए जो अब उनका समर्थन नहीं करना चाहते हैं।"""	"""मिशेल फ़िफ़र"" आजकल बहुत खाली समय का आनंद ले रहा है। हमने इंटरव्यू मैग्नेज़ के लिए डैरेन एरोनोफ़्स्की के निर्देशन के साथ बात की, जिन्होंने कहा कि पिफ़्फ़र का हॉलीवुड करियर उनके बच्चों के होने के बाद नहीं था, और उन्होंने एक माँ होने के नाते और अभिनेत्री के रूप में अविश्वसनीय रूप से कड़ी मेहनत की। लेकिन अब जब वे बड़े हो गए हैं, तो उन्होंने फैसला किया है कि उन्हें एक लंबी छुट्टी चाहिए। ""मैंने अभिनय के लिए अपना प्यार कभी नहीं खोया है, लेकिन मुझे ऐसा लगता है कि यह कुछ आराम और विश्राम का समय है, और मैं अपने बाकी सालों में यात्रा और परिवार के साथ समय बिताने के लिए दुनिया और जीवन का आनंद लेना चाहता हूं।"" उनके बच्चे क्लाउडिया रोज़ फ़िफ़र 24 साल के हैं, और उनका बेटा जॉन हेनरी केली 22 साल का है। इस साल, मिशेल फ़िफ़र किसी भी टेलीविजन शो या फिल्मों में अभिनय नहीं करेंगे। वह मानती है कि उसने काफी काम किया है और अपने बच्चों को खुद के बच्चे देखना पसंद करेगी।"	Fake
Politics	अमेरिका ने परमाणु हथियारों पर प्रतिबंध लगाने के लिए संयुक्त राष्ट्र वार्ता का बहिष्कार किया	संयुक्त राष्ट्र, न्यूयॉर्क (CNN), संयुक्त राष्ट्र में अमेरिकी राजदूत निक्की हेली ने सोमवार को घोषणा की कि संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका और लगभग 40 अन्य राष्ट्र परमाणु हथियारों पर प्रतिबंध लगाने के लिए एक अंतरराष्ट्रीय संधि पर पहली बार होने वाली वार्ता में भाग नहीं लेंगे।	Legit
Politics	टेक्सास को मौत की सजा को व्यापक बनाना चाहिए, उच्च न्यायालय का कहना है	एक विभाजित अमेरिकी सुप्रीम कोर्ट ने कहा कि टेक्सास को उन लोगों के लिए मृत्यु-दंड की छूट को व्यापक करना होगा जो बौद्धिक रूप से अक्षम हैं, यह फैसला करते हुए कि राज्य पुराने चिकित्सा मानकों का उपयोग करके संविधान का उल्लंघन कर रहा था।	Legit
Politics	सीएनएन - वाशिंगटन इंटेलिजेंस ने बहुत विश्वसनीय स्रोतों के माध्यम से सीखा है कि रूसियों के पास इलेक्ट्रॉनिक उपकरणों के माध्यम से राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प को नियंत्रित करने के लिए सिद्ध तरीके हैं। वे छोटे बैटरी पैक हैं जिन्हें उनके सूट की जेब में या यहां तक कि सुनने में सहायता या घड़ी की बैटरी के रूप में छोटा किया जा सकता है जो लगभग कहीं भी हो सकते हैं। वे इलेक्ट्रॉनिक संकेतों का उपयोग कर रहे हैं जिनके पास अचेतन संदेश हैं जो केवल राष्ट्रपति सुन सकते हैं। उनका एजेंडा स्पष्ट है और सीआईए और एफबीआई इस स्थिति की निगरानी कर रहे हैं। हम जानते हैं कि जरीद कुश्नर और इवांका गुप्त संचालक हैं और इसके माध्यम से ले जाने में मदद कर रहे हैं।	ट्रम्प की रैली में उद्योग के नेताओं ने वेरोज़ोन और एटीटी के लिए घोषणा की कि वे ट्रम्प के समर्थन के लिए इंटरनेट को स्थायी रूप से बंद करने के लिए एक साथ प्रतिबंध लगाएंगे। सिलिकॉन वैली ने घोषणा की है कि ट्रम्प समर्थन की लहर को अपना इंटरनेट बनाना चाहिए और उसके चारों ओर एक दीवार का निर्माण करना चाहिए। संघीय संचार आयोग भी भविष्य में इंटरनेट का उपयोग करने के लिए केवल गैर ट्रम्प के समर्थन की अनुमति के विचार का समर्थन करता है। नियम कब्रों के लिए बने हुए हैं और नेता ऐसे दावे कर रहे हैं जो ज्यादातर लोगों के लिए मायने रखते हैं और जनता के समर्थन का अधिकांश हिस्सा हैं। देश में पूर्वाग्रह का सामना करना पड़ता है और यह सिलिकॉन वैली कैलिफोर्निया में शुरू हो रहा है।	Fake
Politics	मेलानिया ट्रम्प ने संचार निदेशक को काम पर रखा है	(CNN) फर्स्ट लेडी मेलानिया ट्रम्प अपनी ईस्ट विंग टीम के लिए व्हाइट हाउस के संचार कर्मचारियों के एक प्रमुख सदस्य को टैप कर रही हैं - डिप्टी प्रेस सचिव स्टेफ़नी ग्रिशम पहली महिला संचार निदेशक के रूप में काम करेंगी, व्हाइट हाउस ने सोमवार को घोषणा की।	Legit
Politics	क्यों ग्रीन पार्टी के उम्मीदवार जिल स्टीन चाहते हैं कि व्हाइट हाउस में क्लिंटन से ज्यादा ट्रम्प हों	"ग्रीन पार्टी के राष्ट्रपति पद के उम्मीदवार जिल स्टीन का कहना है कि उन्हें डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प से प्यार है। स्टीन ने इस सप्ताह के ""पावरहाउस पॉलिटिक्स"" पॉडकास्ट पर एबीसी न्यूज के राजनीतिक निदेशक रिक क्लेन और उप राजनीतिक निदेशक शुशनह वाल्शे को बताया। ""डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प के लिए मेरी गहरी भावनाएँ हैं और मैं उस आदमी के लिए अपने प्यार को छिपाने से थक गया हूँ।"" वह कहती है कि वह कई साल पहले उस व्यक्ति से मिली थी और उसके साथ सच्चा प्रेम संबंध रखना चाहती थी, लेकिन उसे समझा नहीं पा रही थी कि वह उसके लिए सही महिला है।"	Fake
Politics	हिलरी क्लिंटन की टीम में शामिल होने के लिए विस्कॉन्सिन रिकाउंट पुश जिल स्टीन द्वारा शामिल किया गया	वॉशिंगटन - इलेक्शन डे के करीब तीन हफ्ते बाद, हिलेरी क्लिंटन के अभियान ने शनिवार को कहा कि यह विस्कॉन्सिन में एक थर्ड पार्टी उम्मीदवार द्वारा उकसाने की प्रक्रिया में भाग लेगी और दो अन्य नजदीकी राज्यों, पेनसिल्वेनिया और मिशिगन में किसी भी संभावित भर्ती में शामिल होगी।	Legit
Politics	एच -1 बी - आप निकाल रहे हैं	"आप्रवासन, डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प, रिपब्लिकन व्यवसायी और अब राष्ट्रपति ने सिलिकॉन वैली से कहा, ""H-1 दूर जा रहा है। यह सिर्फ अमेरिका के लिए अच्छा नहीं है। यह अमेरिकियों के लिए अच्छा नहीं है। बहुत सारे अमेरिकी दिख रहे हैं।"" हमारे लिए नौकरियों के लिए आपको विदेश से किसी को भी नौकरी देने के लिए। "" सिलिकॉन वैली प्रसन्न नहीं थी, विशेष रूप से विवादास्पद यात्रा प्रतिबंध के शीर्ष पर जिसके कारण कई सबसे बड़े तकनीकी फर्म के कर्मचारियों को विदेश यात्रा के दौरान अमेरिका के बाहर फंसे रहना पड़ा। ट्रम्प, फार्म के लिए सच अप्राप्य है, और नोट करता है कि अमेरिका पहले आता है।"	Fake
Politics	GOP स्वास्थ्य बिल की विफलता के बाद ट्रम्प डेमोक्रेट्स को 'हारे हुए' कहते हैं	राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प ने शुक्रवार दोपहर को रिपब्लिकन द्वारा ओबामाकेयर ओवरहाल खींचे जाने के बाद बोले कि उन्होंने बिल के डेमोक्रेटिक विरोध की आलोचना की और इसकी विफलता के लिए जिम्मेदारी को पार कर लिया।	Legit
Politics	"एलिसन: रिपब्लिकन दुर्भाग्य पर ""डेमोक्रेट"""	"वाशिंगटन (CNN) डेमोक्रेटिक सांसदों का कहना है कि वे ओबामाकेरे, रेप कीथ एलिसन को सोमवार को निरस्त करने के अपने रिपब्लिकन समकक्षों की विफलता पर ""ग्लोब"" कर रहे हैं। क्रिस क्युमो के साथ सीएनएन के ""न्यू डे"" पर बोलते हुए, मिनेसोटा डेमोक्रेट और डेमोक्रेटिक नेशनल कमेटी के उपाध्यक्ष ने कहा कि वह और उनकी पार्टी इसे प्रफुल्लित करते हैं कि रिपब्लिकन अभी भी उनसे दवा की कीमतों, बुनियादी ढांचे और कर सुधार जैसे मुद्दों पर सहयोग की उम्मीद करते हैं। ""अगर रिपब्लिकन अंततः यह स्वीकार करने के लिए मजबूर हो जाते हैं कि वे अमेरिकी लोगों को रोक रहे हैं और उनका नेता एक मनोरोगी विदूषक है जो किसी भी प्रकार के असंभव को सहयोग करता है, मुझे लगता है कि यह एक अच्छी बात है,"" एलिसन ने कहा।"	Fake
Politics	व्यक्ति में ट्रम्प मित्रता?	"ट्रम्प के महीनों के अभियान के निशान पर मार्केल को कोसने के बाद, उनके विचार व्यक्तिगत रूप से काफी मित्रवत लग सकते हैं। आमने-सामने बात के लिए धक्का देने वाली मैर्केल ने ट्रम्प के चेहरे से संबंधित कई टिप्पणियों को अनदेखा कर दिया है, जिसमें ""जिस तरह का चेहरा केवल एक जर्मन मां प्यार कर सकती है"" शामिल है। मैर्केल, जो जर्मनी के प्रधानमंत्री हैं, ने कुछ महीने पहले ट्रम्प की उस विशिष्ट टिप्पणी पर टिप्पणी करने से इनकार कर दिया था। ट्रम्प ने टिप्पणी की कि वह नीचे बैठने के लिए उत्सुक हैं और कहा कि ""यह बहुत अच्छा होने वाला है""।"	Fake
Politics	पेंस: जब तक कांग्रेस तैयार नहीं हो जाती, तब तक यहां देखें	"वीपी माइक पेंस ने कहा कि कांग्रेस ""बस अपने कार्य को एक साथ नहीं कर सकती है"" और ओबामाकरे को फिर से तैयार करने के लिए तैयार नहीं थी। पेंस, एटिपिकल बुद्धि के साथ, ध्यान दिया गया कि शायद कांग्रेस को माफिया, या कुछ अन्य मजबूत सशस्त्र दृष्टिकोण की आवश्यकता थी ताकि इसे प्राप्त किया जा सके, और कानून को निरस्त किया जा सके जो इतने रिपब्लिकन घटकों के साथ अलोकप्रिय है। पेंस ने उल्लेख किया कि उनके बॉस, ट्रम्प ने ""रात के माध्यम से, और बिना राहत के"" कांग्रेस के वोटों को लुभाने में काम किया था लेकिन इसका कोई फायदा नहीं हुआ।"	Fake
Politics	अमेरिका ने कहा कि संयुक्त राष्ट्र परमाणु प्रतिबंध के लिए नहीं	"संयुक्त राष्ट्र के राजदूत निक्की हेली के नेतृत्व में संयुक्त राष्ट्र का बहिष्कार किया जा रहा है। अमेरिका और लगभग 40 अन्य देशों ने परमाणु हथियारों पर प्रतिबंध लगाने के लिए एक अंतरराष्ट्रीय संधि पर चर्चा में भाग लेने से इनकार कर दिया। हेली ने कहा कि ""अमेरिकियों के रूप में, हम उन हथियारों को नहीं छोड़ सकते हैं जो हमें सुरक्षित रखते हैं, और हमारी सीमाओं को सुरक्षित रखते हैं।"" हेली को नियुक्त करने वाले राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प ने इस मामले पर भी टिप्पणी की: ""परमाणु हथियार बुरे लोगों के लिए एक महान, महान बाधा हैं। कोई रास्ता नहीं हम उन्हें नहीं करेंगे। कोई रास्ता नहीं"""	Fake
Politics	ट्रंप ने टेक के एच -1 बी वीजा हायरिंग टूल को निशाना बनाया	सैन फ्रांसिस्को - राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प का सिलिकन वैली के साथ संबंध हमेशा से सबसे अच्छा रहा है, लेकिन ऐसा लगता है कि चीजें जल्द ही बहुत अधिक विवादास्पद हो सकती हैं।	Legit
Politics	तीन बार गिरफ्तार की गई महिला मेलानिया ट्रंप हैं	(CNN) राष्ट्रपति के रूप में रहने वाली एक महिला ट्रम्प की पत्नी को कई अवसरों पर गिरफ्तार किया गया था जब उसे बिना मेकअप के खोजा गया था। यूएस ट्रेजरी बिल्डिंग के दक्षिणी मैदान के पास यूएस सीक्रेट सर्विस, एक ऐसी महिला के प्रति सतर्क थी जो राष्ट्रपति की पत्नी की तरह दिख रही थी, घर से भाग रही थी। वाशिंगटन मेट्रोपॉलिटन पुलिस विभाग के प्रवक्ता को यह घोषणा करने में देर नहीं लगी कि यह फिर से मेलानिया है और उन्होंने बिना किसी घटना के अपने पति को वापस भेज दिया।	Fake
Politics	हिलेरी क्लिंटन, डिबेट टॉरेंटर	"हिलेरी क्लिंटन, डेमोक्रेटिक उपराष्ट्रपति पद के उम्मीदवार ने अपने रिपब्लिकन प्रतिद्वंद्वी, व्यापारी डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प को बाधित करने के लिए आखिरी बहस में बहुत खर्च किया। हिलेरी ने ट्रम्प का मज़ाक उड़ाया और अक्सर उनके द्वारा कही गई बातों का ""अनुवाद"" करने की कोशिश की। उनके अनुवाद, जो पूरे ट्विटर पर ""मैन्सप्लेंनिंग"" के रूप में लिए गए हैं, में ट्रम्प को अपने टावरों के आकार के लिए चिढ़ाना शामिल था, जिसे उन्होंने चीनी स्टील के साथ बनाया था, जो डोनाल्ड के अमेरिकी स्टील की तुलना में कठिन है। उन्होंने ट्रम्प और व्लादिमीर पुतिन के रिश्तों के बारे में एक साथ विचारोत्तेजक टिप्पणी भी की, ""शायद आप दोनों सिर्फ दोस्तों से ज्यादा हैं।"""	Fake
Politics	डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प यह नहीं कहेंगे कि क्या वह चुनाव का परिणाम स्वीकार करेंगे	"अमेरिकी लोकतंत्र पर संदेह प्रकट करने वाले एक उल्लेखनीय बयान में, डोनाल्ड जे। ट्रम्प ने बुधवार को कहा कि वह अगले महीने के चुनाव के परिणामों को स्वीकार नहीं कर सकते हैं यदि उन्हें लगता है कि यह उनके खिलाफ धांधली थी - एक ऐसा स्टैंड जिसे हिलेरी क्लिंटन ने ""भयानक"" के रूप में विस्फोट किया था बुधवार को उनकी अंतिम और कास्टिक बहस।"	Legit
Politics	ट्रम्प तक पहुंचने की आवश्यकता है? रोना को बुलाओ।	जब राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प के लंबे समय के दोस्त और सहयोगी उनके पास पहुंचना चाहते हैं, तो वे सीधे व्हाइट हाउस नहीं जाते हैं। इसके बजाय, वे उस महिला को बुलाते हैं जो ट्रम्प टॉवर में एक चौथाई सदी के लिए द्वारपाल रही है: रोनो ग्रेफ।	Legit
Politics	भूमिका विस्तार के रूप में इवान्का ट्रम्प वेस्ट विंग कार्यालय पाने के लिए	इवांका ट्रम्प, जो यह कहते हुए वाशिंगटन चली गईं कि वह अपने पिता के प्रशासन में कोई औपचारिक भूमिका नहीं निभाएंगी, अब आधिकारिक तौर पर व्हाइट हाउस में दुकान स्थापित कर रही हैं।	Legit
Politics	जेम्स रोबर्ट से मिलिए, जिसने ट्रम्प के आव्रजन प्रतिबंध को रोक दिया था	राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प के आव्रजन प्रतिबंध को रोकने वाले संघीय न्यायाधीश ने बेंच लेने से पहले निजी प्रैक्टिस में 30 से अधिक साल बिताए, एक आकर्षक कैरियर छोड़ दिया जिसमें उन्हें ब्रुअरीज, ऊर्जा कंपनियों और दक्षिण पूर्व एशियाई प्रवासियों का प्रतिनिधित्व करते देखा गया।	Legit
Politics	अमेरिकी यात्रा उद्योग ट्रम्प के तहत नए अवसरों को देखता है	"यूएस ट्रैवल एसोसिएशन, अन्य वाशिंगटन लॉबी समूहों की तरह, पिछले नवंबर में राष्ट्रपति चुनाव के बाद आशंकित था। यूएसटीए के मुख्य कार्यकारी अधिकारी रोजर डो ने कहा, ""हमें इस बात के लिए प्रोत्साहित किया जाता है कि श्री ट्रम्प की व्यापक व्यावसायिक और आतिथ्य पृष्ठभूमि ... को हमारे उद्योग का समर्थन करना चाहिए, लेकिन आतंकवाद की आशंका और सीमाओं पर बढ़ती सुरक्षा ने हमारे आशावाद को प्रभावित किया है।"" लेकिन अनुकूल परिस्थितियों और बढ़ी हुई बिक्री के एक स्थिर नशे में अमेरिका के 250 अरब यात्रा उद्योग और इसके लगभग 15 मिलियन अमेरिकी कर्मचारियों को बढ़ावा देने की संभावना थी।"	Fake
Politics	पहले CNN पर: सस्ते श्रम के कारण बॉर्डर की दीवार अनुमानित से बहुत कम खर्च होगी	"वाशिंगटन (सीएनएन) ट्रम्प प्रशासन ने पहले 62 मील की सीमा की दीवार को कवर करने के लिए सिर्फ 1 मिलियन की धनराशि मांगी है। इस पहले खंड में कुछ मौजूदा बाड़ की जगह शामिल है जो बिगड़ रही है। होमलैंड सिक्योरिटी विभाग के औचित्य दस्तावेज पहली दीवार द्वारा कवर किए गए सटीक क्षेत्र को निर्दिष्ट करते हैं, और कार्य को पूरा करने के लिए अनजाने अप्रवासी श्रम के उपयोग को भी निर्दिष्ट करते हैं। प्रेस सचिव सीन स्पाइसर ने अपने दैनिक संबोधन के दौरान कहा, ""राष्ट्रपति को पता चलता है कि वह सिर्फ गोल नहीं कर सकते हैं और देश के हर अनिर्दिष्ट अप्रवासी को निर्वासित कर सकते हैं।"" ""तो इसके बजाय वह उन्हें काम करने के लिए डाल रहा है - वे एक आय प्राप्त करते हैं, और हमें एक दीवार मिलती है। यह हर किसी के लिए एक जीत है,"" वायसर ने कहा।"	Fake
Politics	विदेश विभाग कुछ विदेशियों के लिए छानबीन करता है	वाशिंगटन (CNN) के सचिव रेक्स टिलरसन ने चार केबल भेजकर दुनिया भर के दूतावासों को कुछ समूहों की पहचान करने के लिए भेजा, जिन्हें अमेरिकी अधिकारियों के अनुसार आवेदकों के सोशल मीडिया की स्क्रीनिंग सहित वीजा के लिए आवेदन करने पर अतिरिक्त जांच करनी चाहिए।	Legit
Politics	Pres। ट्रम्प ने घोषणा की कि वह व्हाइट हाउस जा रहे हैं	"वाशिंगटन (CNN) के अटॉर्नी जनरल जेफ सेशंस ने घोषणा की है कि राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प ने व्हाइट हाउस को एक अभयारण्य शहर में स्थानांतरित करने का निर्णय लिया है। उन्होंने कहा कि राष्ट्रपति ने अवैध एलियंस को बाहर निकालने के प्रयास में एक अभयारण्य शहर के अंदर रहने का फैसला किया है। उन्होंने कहा कि वह लॉस एंजिल्स, शिकागो और फिलाडेल्फिया सहित संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका का दौरा करेंगे, ताकि यह तय किया जा सके कि व्हाइट हाउस को स्थानांतरित करने के लिए कौन सा स्थान सबसे अच्छा होगा। नैन्सी पेलोसी ने अपने स्वयं के धन और हजारों स्वयंसेवकों के साथ सैन फ्रांसिस्को के चारों ओर एक दीवार बनाना शुरू कर दिया है। दीवार को ""ओह नहीं"" कहा जाएगा और इस सप्ताह पूरा होने वाला है।"	Fake
Politics	अपील में अदालत ने ट्रम्प के यात्रा प्रतिबंध को बहाल करने से इनकार कर दिया	एक संघीय अपील अदालत ने गुरुवार को राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प को सात बहुसंख्यक मुस्लिम देशों के यात्रियों पर अस्थायी प्रतिबंध लगाने से इनकार कर दिया, उन्होंने फैसला सुनाया कि यह पर्याप्त राष्ट्रीय सुरक्षा औचित्य के बिना प्रभावित लोगों के नियत प्रक्रिया अधिकारों का उल्लंघन करता है।	Legit
Politics	बिडेन: ट्रम्प को तार दिया गया था, लेकिन अमेरिका द्वारा नहीं	"जो बिडेन ने कहा कि राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प वास्तव में वायरटैप्ड थे, लेकिन अमेरिका द्वारा नहीं। उन्होंने न्याय विभाग द्वारा तैयार किए गए साक्ष्य की पेशकश की कि वास्तव में, ओबामा ने ट्रम्प टॉवर के वायरटैप का आदेश नहीं दिया था, लेकिन ट्रम्प टॉवर के तहखाने के पास उपयोगिता कोठरी में पीछे छोड़ दी गई रूसी तकनीक के सबूत पाए। पूर्व उपराष्ट्रपति ने कहा, ""इस भौतिक सबूत की ताकत को देखते हुए, राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प को वायरटैप होने के अपने दावों में उलझा दिया गया था, लेकिन शायद वह उस तरह से नहीं थे जैसा वे चाहते थे।"" ओबामा ने एक प्रवक्ता के माध्यम से इस बात से इनकार किया कि उन्होंने मौजूदा राष्ट्रपति के ट्वीट के बाद ट्रम्प टॉवर को तार-तार कर दिया। इस सप्ताह एफबीआई के निदेशक जेम्स कॉमी ने भी गवाही दी कि 2016 के चुनाव के लिए ओबामा प्रशासन ने ट्रम्प के सर्वेक्षण का कोई सबूत नहीं दिया है, लेकिन ट्रम्प टॉवर के तहखाने में लगाए गए एक संभावित रूसी उपकरण के अस्तित्व को स्वीकार किया है।"	Fake
Politics	सेकंड डिबेट में, डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प और हिलेरी क्लिंटन स्पार इन बिटर, पर्सनल टर्म्स	"डोनाल्ड जे। ट्रम्प और हिलेरी क्लिंटन के बीच रविवार की रात को लगभग एक-दूसरे के साथ बिना किसी शत्रुतापूर्ण बहस के टकराव हुआ, जिसमें 90 मिनट का चरित्र-चित्रण, तड़ी-तानी के आरोप और मिस्टर ट्रम्प के चौंकाने वाले आरोप का श्रीमती श्रीमती क्लिंटन के मन में ""जबरदस्त द्वेष था।"""	Legit
Politics	AQAP लैपटॉप बैटरी में विस्फोटक छिपाने की कोशिश कर रहा है, अधिकारी कहते हैं	वाशिंगटन (CNN) इंटेलिजेंस ने हाल के हफ्तों में पाया कि एक अल कायदा सहयोगी अमेरिकी अधिकारियों के अनुसार, बैटरी और इलेक्ट्रॉनिक उपकरणों के बैटरी डिब्बों में विस्फोटक छिपाने की तकनीक को सही था।	Legit
Politics	व्हाइट हाउस ने मैनाफोर्ट के आरोपों में क्लिंटन पर हमला किया	व्हाइट हाउस के प्रेस सचिव सीन स्पाइसर ने पूर्व राष्ट्रपति बिल क्लिंटन और पूर्व विदेश मंत्री हिलेरी क्लिंटन पर एक रिपोर्ट के जवाब में ट्रम्प अभियान के पूर्व अध्यक्ष पॉल मैनाफोर्ट के रूस के साथ संबंध को लेकर चिंता जताई।	Legit
Politics	मेलानिया ट्रम्प: वीमेन फर्स्ट, ओनली	"वाशिंगटन में, पहली महिला मेलानिया ट्रम्प, अमेरिकी राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प की तीसरी पत्नी, ने व्हाइट हाउस में अंतर्राष्ट्रीय महिला दिवस पर महिलाओं के लिए समानता और स्वतंत्रता के बारे में बात की। आमंत्रित केवल लंच उच्च समाज की महिलाओं से भरा था, जो मेलानिया के कहने के लिए ग्रहणशील थीं। मेलानिया ने कहा ""एक आप्रवासी महिला के रूप में, मैं उन चुनौतियों और कठिनाइयों को जानती हूं जो सभी महिलाएं करती हैं - जो अमेरिका से हैं, और वे नहीं।"" उन्होंने कहा कि महिलाओं के मुद्दों पर एक महत्वपूर्ण विषय होगा, जिसे वह फर्स्ट लेडी कहती हैं।"	Fake
Politics	ट्रम्प की यात्रा प्रतिबंध अभी भी अदालत के पक्ष में है	एक संघीय अपीलीय अदालत ने गुरुवार को ट्रम्प की यात्रा प्रतिबंध को बहाल करने से इनकार कर दिया। अदालत ने इस तरह के प्रतिबंध के लिए कम मिसाल का उल्लेख किया, जबकि व्हाइट हाउस के वकीलों ने तर्क दिया कि द्वितीय विश्व युद्ध के दौरान जापानी इंटर्नमेंट एक कानूनी मिसाल कायम करता है। प्रतिबंध, जो सात बहुसंख्यक मुस्लिम देशों के यात्रियों पर प्रतिबंध लगाएगा, राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प के साथ महत्वपूर्ण मुस्लिम देशों को छोड़ देगा।	Fake
Politics	नील डेग्रसे टायसन ट्रम्प बजट पर सुपरनोवा जाते हैं	"(CNN) एस्ट्रोफिजिसिस्ट नील डेग्रसे टायसन का मानना है कि राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प का पहला प्रस्तावित बजट अमेरिका को ""कमजोर,"" ""बीमार"" और ""बेवकूफ"" बना सकता है।"	Legit
Politics	ट्रम्प की उम्र में, ओबामा नया टैब्लॉइड डार्लिंग है	डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प मूल टैब्लॉइड प्रेसिडेंट हो सकते हैं, लेकिन जब वह वाशिंगटन में ओवल ऑफिस से फोन करने और ट्विटर पर कहर बरपा रहे हैं, तो गपशप पेज और फैशन ब्लॉग्स अपने पूर्ववर्तियों को स्याही से लथपथ कर रहे हैं।	Legit
Politics	एलिसन: रिपब्लिकन के साथ काम करने के लिए डेमोक्रेट्स 'तैयार रहें'	"वॉशिंगटन (CNN) डेमोक्रेटिक सांसदों ने ओबामाकेयर को निरस्त करने के जीओपी के प्रयासों की विफलता के बाद अपने रिपब्लिकन समकक्षों के साथ काम करने के लिए ""स्टैंड तैयार"" किया, रेप कीथ एलिसन ने सोमवार को कहा।"	Legit
Politics	हिलेरी क्लिंटन, डिबेट में मॉकिंग और ताना मारना, द टर्निंग टू द टॉरमेंटर	वह उसे mansplained। हिलेरी क्लिंटन ने डोनल्ड जे। ट्रम्प द्वारा अपनी कर योजना के बारे में बात करने के बाद हिलेरी क्लिंटन ने कहा कि अगर मैं कर सकता हूं तो मुझे अनुवाद करने दें।	Legit
Politics	विदेश विभाग कुछ विदेशियों के लिए यात्रा प्रतिबंधों में ढील देता है।	"वाशिंगटन (CNN) के विदेश मंत्री रेक्स टिलरसन ने आज दुनिया भर के विभिन्न दूतावासों को एक ज्ञापन भेजा जिसमें उन्होंने विदेशियों की यात्रा पर प्रतिबंध को कम करने का निर्देश दिया। विशेष रूप से, उन्हें ज्ञात आतंकवादियों को शामिल करने के लिए आवेदकों के सोशल मीडिया खातों की स्क्रीनिंग को रोकने और पृष्ठभूमि की जांच को सीमित करने के लिए कहा गया है। यह कार्रवाई राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड के ट्रम्प के कार्यकारी आदेश के उल्लंघन में प्रतीत होती है, जो अधिकांश मुस्लिम देशों से यात्रा को प्रतिबंधित करता है, जिस पर उन्होंने 6 मार्च को हस्ताक्षर किए थे। ज्ञापन में ""संवेदनशील"" चिह्नित किया गया था, लेकिन वर्गीकृत नहीं, राज्य के करीबी सूत्रों द्वारा मीडिया को लीक किया गया था। विभाग; अधिक जानकारी उपलब्ध होते ही पोस्ट की जाएगी।"	Fake
Politics	होमलैंड सिक्योरिटी स्ट्राइक पर जाती है	वाशिंगटन (CNN) के अध्यक्ष डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प ने ट्विटर पर पोस्ट किया कि सभी होमलैंड सुरक्षा अधिकारियों को तुरंत हड़ताल पर जाना चाहिए। होमलैंड सुरक्षा विभाग ने तुरंत घोषणा की कि राष्ट्रपति अंततः देशों की सुरक्षा के प्रभारी हैं और वे आश्चर्यजनक आदेश का पालन करेंगे। यात्रा प्रतिबंध हटा दिया गया है और इसलिए सभी यात्रा के लिए एक अच्छा समय है। न्याय विभाग, ट्विटर के माध्यम से जवाब दे रहा है, हालांकि वह इस आदेश से सहमत नहीं हो सकता है कि वे राष्ट्रपति के खिलाफ आपातकालीन आदेश दाखिल करने में अपना समय ले लेंगे क्योंकि यह लगभग 1 अप्रैल है।	Fake
Politics	पोल: ट्रम्प के अनुमोदन रेटिंग चढ़ता है	राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प की अनुमोदन रेटिंग क्विनिपियाक विश्वविद्यालय के सर्वेक्षण में 83 प्रतिशत की नई उच्च स्तर तक पहुंच गई है। 16 और 21 मार्च - 79 प्रतिशत के बीच क्विनिपियाक द्वारा सर्वेक्षण किए गए अधिकांश अमेरिकी मतदाताओं ने कहा कि वे राष्ट्रपति के काम के प्रदर्शन का अनुमोदन करते हैं। क्विनिपियाक के आखिरी सर्वेक्षण में, 7 मार्च को ट्रम्प के पास पहले से ही प्रभावशाली 72 प्रतिशत, 10 प्रतिशत अस्वीकृत रेटिंग थी। सबसे हालिया सर्वेक्षण में ट्रम्प के लिए अधिक अच्छी खबर में, 60 प्रतिशत मतदाताओं ने कहा कि उनका मानना है कि वह सबसे ईमानदार राष्ट्रपति हैं जो संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका के पास है, 70 प्रतिशत ने कहा कि वे उनकी नेतृत्व शैली से सहमत हैं; और लगभग 85 प्रतिशत का कहना है कि उन्होंने अपनी व्यक्तिगत चिंताओं को ध्यान में रखा है क्योंकि उन्होंने एक के बाद एक राष्ट्रपति के आदेश पर हस्ताक्षर किए हैं जबकि बहुत ही स्टाइलिश ढंग से।	Fake
Politics	अभियान के निशान पर उसे कोसने के बाद ट्रम्प ने मर्केल का स्वागत किया	शुक्रवार को, मार्केल नए के साथ आगे बढ़ती है, महीनों की तैयारी और बर्फ के कारण एक स्थगन के बाद ट्रम्प के साथ पहली बार आमने-सामने की लड़ाई के लिए वाशिंगटन पहुंचती है। विश्लेषकों और व्हाइट हाउस के अधिकारियों का कहना है कि शुक्रवार को ट्रम्प की विदेशी नेता के साथ सबसे महत्वपूर्ण बैठक होगी क्योंकि जनवरी में रिपब्लिकन व्यापारी ने पदभार संभाला था।	Legit
Politics	रौना ग्रेफ, ट्रम्प के गेटकीपर	"Rhona GRaff, लंबे समय से ट्रम्प के सहयोगी और मित्र व्हाइट हाउस के लिए एक सीधी रेखा है। Rhona दशकों से ट्रम्प को अपने शांत सलाह और कैलेंडर सुझाव दे रहा है, और उनके अध्यक्ष होने के बावजूद, यह बंद होने की संभावना नहीं है। इस रहस्योद्घाटन ने कई शक्तिशाली न्यूयॉर्क व्यापार लोगों को रोना से दोस्ती करने के लिए प्रेरित किया है, संभवतः उनके कनेक्शन का उपयोग करने के इरादे से। केन लैंगोन, निवेशक ने हाल ही में टिप्पणी की ""Rhona एक अद्भुत महिला है, लेकिन इससे भी महत्वपूर्ण बात यह है कि वह व्हाइट हाउस के अद्भुत कनेक्शन वाली महिला है।"""	Fake
Politics	"ट्रम्प के गेटकीपर ""होल्ड्स द डोर"""	"ट्रम्प, रिपब्लिकन व्यवसायी और अब राष्ट्रपति ने अभियान पर निष्ठा के बारे में कई टिप्पणियां की हैं, और अक्सर रिपब्लिकन को व्यापक किया है, जो उन्होंने अपने कर्मचारियों को समझा। सुश्री ग्रेफ, जिसका कार्यालय ट्रम्प टॉवर में है और इसे व्हाइट हाउस का प्रमुख माना जाता है, की राष्ट्रपति के लिए एक सीधी रेखा है। व्हाइट हाउस के अधिकारियों ने कहा कि वह अक्सर देर रात को उसे क्वींस उच्चारण के साथ बुलाती है और उसे ""मिस्टर टी"" कहती है, एक उपनाम जिसे वह कथित रूप से प्यार करती है। व्हाइट हाउस के कुछ अधिकारियों ने माना है कि 64 वर्षीय ग्रैफ़ का राष्ट्रपति के साथ अधिक से अधिक संबंध है, और देर रात के कॉल कभी-कभी ""अनुचित"" होते हैं। सुश्री ग्रेफ ने टिप्पणी करने से इनकार कर दिया।"	Fake
Politics	नील डेग्रसे टायसन ने बजट योजना पर ट्रम्प की प्रशंसा की	"एस्ट्रोफिजिसिस्ट नील डेग्रसे टायसन ने अपने बजट की योजनाओं में डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प की प्रशंसा की जिसमें 2019 में फिर से मनुष्य को चंद्रमा पर भेजना और ""अंतरिक्ष के बड़े पैमाने पर आर्थिक विकास।"" ""अमेरिका को फिर से महान बनाने का सबसे तेज़ तरीका: चंद्रमा पर लौटने के लिए एक लक्ष्य निर्धारित करें,"" उन्होंने राष्ट्रपति की प्रशंसा में ट्वीट किया। ""अमेरिका को फिर से महान बनाने का सबसे तेज़ तरीका, अंतरिक्ष विकास के व्यवसाय के लिए एक साहसिक योजना के लिए प्रतिबद्ध है।"""	Fake
Politics	होमलैंड सिक्योरिटी यात्रा प्रतिबंध को निलंबित करती है	वाशिंगटन (CNN) के राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प की सरकार ने शनिवार को एक संघीय न्यायाधीश के अपने यात्रा प्रतिबंध को रोकने के आदेश का पालन करने के लिए शनिवार को तेजी से कदम उठाए - यहां तक कि ट्रम्प ने खुद न्यायाधीश की निंदा की - लेकिन विवादास्पद कार्यकारी कार्रवाई के अपने कानूनी बचाव को पढ़ा।	Legit
Politics	जेम्स रोबर्ट से मिलिए, जिसने ट्रम्प के आव्रजन प्रतिबंध को मंजूरी दी थी	"राष्ट्रपति ट्रम्प के आव्रजन प्रतिबंध को संघीय न्यायाधीश जेम्स रोबर्ट से इसकी मंजूरी के साथ आज एक बड़ा धक्का मिला। रोबर्ट ने बेंच लेने से पहले एक आकर्षक निजी प्रैक्टिस में 30 साल बिताए। अपने पूर्ववर्ती, बराक ओबामा के समान फैशन में, ट्रम्प ने रोबर्ट को बीयर के लिए व्हाइट हाउस में आमंत्रित किया, उन्होंने कहा, ""मैं इस देश को फिर से महान बनाने के लिए सही काम करने की कोशिश कर रहा हूं, और मिस्टर रोबर्ट सिर्फ एक महत्वपूर्ण हिस्सा बन गए हैं। आज अपने कार्यों के साथ उस प्रक्रिया का। "" रोबर्ट को 2004 में राष्ट्रपति जॉर्ज डब्ल्यू बुश द्वारा नियुक्त किया गया था और अमेरिकी सीनेट द्वारा सर्वसम्मति से पुष्टि की गई थी।"	Fake
Politics	क्यों ग्रीन पार्टी के राष्ट्रपति पद के उम्मीदवार जिल स्टेन व्हाइट हाउस में या तो क्लिंटन या ट्रम्प नहीं चाहते हैं	ग्रीन पार्टी के राष्ट्रपति पद के उम्मीदवार जिल स्टीन का कहना है कि वह व्हाइट हाउस में मुख्यधारा की पार्टी के उम्मीदवार - हिलेरी क्लिंटन या डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प से नाखुश होंगे।	Legit
Politics	स्रोत: रूसी बैंक और ट्रम्प ऑर्गनाइजेशन के बीच 'अजीब' कंप्यूटर लिंक में एफबीआई जांच जारी है	(CNN) संघीय जांचकर्ता और कंप्यूटर वैज्ञानिक यह जांचना जारी रखते हैं कि क्या ट्रम्प ऑर्गनाइजेशन और एक रूसी बैंक के बीच कंप्यूटर सर्वर कनेक्शन था, जांच के करीबी सूत्र CNN को बताते हैं।	Legit
Politics	श्वार्ज़नेगर ट्रम्प सौर प्लेक्सस में झूलते हैं	कैलिफोर्निया के पूर्व गवर्नर अर्नोल्ड श्वार्ज़नेगर ने अपने पिछले दावे को दोहराया है कि उन्होंने सोलर प्लेक्सस में राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प को झूला झुलाया। राष्ट्रपति स्वीकार करते हैं कि अर्नोल्ड ने उन्हें मारने के लिए एक स्विंग लिया, लेकिन उन्होंने कहा कि वह इतनी तेजी से और इतनी तेजी से एक गजल के लिए आगे बढ़े, जिससे वह अर्नोल्ड को याद किया। गवाह ने बताया कि लड़ाई तब शुरू हुई जब ट्रम्प ने अर्नोल्ड के नागरिकता प्रमाण के लिए कहा।	Fake
Politics	शूमर: ट्रम्प ने स्वास्थ्य देखभाल बिल पर 'क्षमता की कमी' दिखाई	सीनेट अल्पसंख्यक नेता चक शूमर ने जीओपी-समर्थित स्वास्थ्य देखभाल बिल के शुक्रवार को सदन तल पर एक वोट के लिए पर्याप्त समर्थन जुटाने में विफल रहने के बाद राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प की आलोचना करते हुए कहा कि राष्ट्रपति ने वार्ता के दौरान दो अयोग्य लक्षण दिखाए।	Legit
Politics	Konsesi emosional Clinton: Ini 'menyakitkan dan akan lama'	"Hillary Clinton mengakhiri kampanye presidensial bersejarahnya pada hari Rabu, dengan mengatakan itu ""menyakitkan dan akan berlangsung lama,"" ketika dia mendesak untuk transfer kekuasaan secara damai."	Legit
Politics	Friedman dikonfirmasi sebagai duta besar AS untuk Israel	Pilihan Presiden Donald Trump untuk duta besar untuk Israel, David Friedman, dikonfirmasi oleh Senat pada hari Kamis, mengatasi oposisi yang kuat dari Demokrat.	Legit
Politics	"Mahkamah Agung AS telah melakukan hal yang tidak terpikirkan. Pada hari Senin tanggal 25 Maret 2017, pengadilan terendah di negara tersebut mengeluarkan undang-undang baru yang mengabaikan kehidupan manusia. Dalam putusannya pengadilan mengatakan semua narapidana yang menunggu eksekusi di hukuman mati harus dihukum mati segera sebelum ditemukan berapa banyak orang tak bersalah yang dibebaskan dari teknik forensik lebih lanjut seperti DNA digunakan untuk kasus banding. Hakim Ruth Ginsburg dalam sebuah wawancara mengatakan, ""Sudah waktunya untuk berhenti mendukung orang seumur hidup mereka hanya untuk membebaskan mereka tanpa keterampilan kerja atau pendidikan kembali ke ekonomi yang tidak lagi ingin mendukung mereka."""	"""Michelle Pfeiffer"" sekarang menikmati banyak waktu luang saat ini. Kami berbicara dengan mengarahkan Darren Aronofsky untuk Wawancara Magainze yang mengatakan karir Hollywood Pfeiffer tidak ditahan setelah dia memiliki anak, dan dia bekerja sangat keras menjadi seorang ibu dan sebagai aktris. Tetapi sekarang setelah mereka dewasa, dia memutuskan bahwa dia perlu liburan panjang. ""Saya tidak pernah kehilangan cintaku untuk berakting, tetapi saya merasa sudah waktunya untuk istirahat dan relaksasi, dan saya ingin menikmati dunia dan kehidupan selama sisa tahun-tahun saya bepergian dan menghabiskan waktu bersama keluarga,"" kata Michelle Pfeiffer. Anak-anaknya Claudia Rose Pfeiffer berusia 24, dan putranya John Henry Kelley berusia 22 tahun. Tahun ini, Michelle Pfeiffer tidak akan membintangi acara televisi atau film. Dia percaya dia telah bekerja cukup dan akan senang melihat anak-anaknya memiliki anak mereka sendiri."	Fake
Politics	AS memimpin boikot pembicaraan PBB untuk melarang senjata nuklir	Perserikatan Bangsa-Bangsa, New York (CNN) Duta Besar AS untuk PBB Nikki Haley mengumumkan Senin bahwa Amerika Serikat dan hampir 40 negara lain tidak akan berpartisipasi dalam perundingan pertama kalinya mengenai perjanjian internasional untuk melarang senjata nuklir.	Legit
Politics	Texas Harus Memperluas Pembebasan Hukuman Mati, Pengadilan Tinggi Mengatakan	Mahkamah Agung AS yang terbagi mengatakan, Texas harus memperluas pembebasan hukuman mati bagi orang-orang yang memiliki keterbatasan intelektual, yang menyatakan bahwa negara itu melanggar Konstitusi dengan menggunakan standar medis yang sudah ketinggalan zaman.	Legit
Politics	CNN - Washington Intelligence telah belajar melalui sumber yang sangat kredibel bahwa Rusia telah menyempurnakan cara untuk mengendalikan Presiden Trump melalui perangkat elektronik. Mereka adalah baterai kecil yang dapat dimasukkan ke dalam saku jasnya atau bahkan sekecil alat bantu dengar atau baterai arloji yang dapat ditempatkan hampir di mana saja. Mereka menggunakan sinyal elektronik yang memiliki pesan bawah sadar yang hanya dapat didengar oleh Presiden. Agenda mereka jelas dan CIA dan FBI memantau situasi ini. Kita tahu bahwa Jarred Kushner dan Ivanka adalah agen rahasia dan membantu mewujudkannya.	Pada rapat umum Trump, para pemimpin industri Comcast ke Verizon dan ATT mengumumkan bahwa mereka akan melarang bersama untuk secara permanen mematikan internet untuk dukungan Trump. Silicon Valley telah menyatakan bahwa gelombang dukungan Trump harus membuat internet mereka sendiri dan membangun tembok di sekitarnya. Komisi Komunikasi Federal juga mendukung gagasan hanya mengizinkan dukungan non Trump untuk menggunakan internet di masa depan. Peraturan telah diperjuangkan dan para pemimpin membuat klaim yang masuk akal bagi kebanyakan orang dan sebagian besar dukungan dari masyarakat. Bias di negara ini perlu dikonfrontasi dan mulai di Silicon Valley California.	Fake
Politics	Melania Trump merekrut direktur komunikasi	(CNN) Ibu negara Melania Trump mengetuk anggota kunci staf komunikasi Gedung Putih untuk timnya di East Wing - wakil sekretaris pers Stephanie Grisham akan bertindak sebagai direktur komunikasi ibu negara, Gedung Putih mengumumkan Senin.	Legit
Politics	Mengapa Calon Partai Hijau Jill Stein menginginkan Trump lebih dari Clinton di Gedung Putih	"Kandidat presiden untuk Partai Hijau, Jill Stein, mengatakan dia jatuh cinta dengan Donald Trump. Stein mengatakan kepada Direktur Politik Berita ABC, Rick Klein dan Wakil Direktur Politik Shushannah Walshe tentang podcast ""Powerhouse Politics"" minggu ini. ""Saya memiliki perasaan yang mendalam terhadap Donald Trump dan lelah menyembunyikan cinta yang saya miliki untuk pria itu"". Dia melanjutkan dengan mengatakan bahwa dia bertemu dengannya secara pribadi beberapa tahun yang lalu dan ingin memiliki hubungan cinta sejati dengannya, tetapi tidak dapat meyakinkannya bahwa dia adalah wanita yang tepat untuknya."	Fake
Politics	Tim Hillary Clinton untuk Bergabung dengan Wisconsin Recount Didorong oleh Jill Stein	WASHINGTON - Hampir tiga minggu setelah Hari Pemilihan, kampanye Hillary Clinton mengatakan pada hari Sabtu bahwa pihaknya akan berpartisipasi dalam proses penghitungan ulang di Wisconsin yang dihasut oleh kandidat pihak ketiga dan akan bergabung dengan penghitungan ulang potensial di dua negara bagian yang diperebutkan lainnya, Pennsylvania dan Michigan.	Legit
Politics	H-1B - Anda Dipecat	"Sesuai dengan janji-janji kampanye tentang imigrasi, Donald Trump, pengusaha Republik dan sekarang Presiden telah mengatakan kepada Silicon Valley, ""H-1B akan pergi. Hanya saja. Itu tidak baik untuk Amerika, tidak baik untuk Amerika. Ada terlalu banyak orang Amerika yang mencari untuk pekerjaan bagi kami untuk membiarkan Anda mempekerjakan sembarang orang dari luar negeri. "" Silicon Valley tidak senang, terutama di atas larangan perjalanan yang kontroversial yang telah menyebabkan banyak karyawan perusahaan teknologi terbesar itu terdampar di luar AS saat bepergian ke luar negeri. Trump, benar pada bentuk telah menyesal, dan mencatat bahwa Amerika adalah yang utama."	Fake
Politics	Trump menyebut Demokrat 'pecundang' setelah kegagalan RUU kesehatan GOP	Presiden Donald Trump berbicara Jumat sore setelah Partai Republik menarik perbaikan Obamacare yang telah ia dukung, mengkritik oposisi Demokrat terhadap RUU tersebut dan menyerahkan tanggung jawab atas kegagalannya.	Legit
Politics	"Ellison: Demokrat ""gloating"" atas kemalangan Partai Republik"	"Washington (CNN) Anggota parlemen Demokrat mengatakan mereka ""sombong"" atas kegagalan rekan-rekan Republik mereka untuk mencabut Obamacare, kata Wakil Keith Ellison Senin. Berbicara pada ""Hari Baru"" CNN dengan Chris Cuomo, Demokrat Minnesota dan wakil ketua Komite Nasional Demokrat mengatakan dia dan partainya merasa lucu bahwa Partai Republik masih mengharapkan mereka untuk bekerja sama dalam masalah-masalah seperti harga obat, infrastruktur dan reformasi pajak. ""Jika Partai Republik akhirnya dipaksa untuk mengakui bahwa mereka menipu rakyat Amerika dan bahwa pemimpin mereka adalah badut psikopat yang membuat kerja sama apa pun tidak mungkin, saya pikir itu hal yang baik,"" kata Ellison."	Fake
Politics	Trump lebih ramah secara langsung?	"Setelah berbulan-bulan Trump memukul Merkel di kampanye, pandangannya tentang dirinya mungkin tampak lebih ramah secara pribadi. Merkel, yang mendorong untuk pembicaraan tatap muka, telah mengabaikan banyak komentar dari Trump mengenai wajahnya, termasuk ""jenis wajah yang hanya bisa disukai oleh seorang ibu Jerman"". Merkel, yang adalah perdana menteri Jerman menolak untuk mengomentari pernyataan spesifik dari Trump beberapa bulan yang lalu. Trump berkomentar dia berharap untuk duduk dan berkata ""itu akan menjadi hebat""."	Fake
Politics	Pence: Obamacare di sini sampai Kongres siap	"VP Mike Pence mencatat bahwa Kongres ""tidak bisa mendapatkan tindakan mereka bersama"" dan tidak siap untuk mencabut Obamacare. Pence, dengan kecerdasan atipikal mencatat bahwa mungkin Kongres membutuhkan mafia, atau pendekatan bersenjata kuat lainnya untuk menyatukannya, dan mencabut undang-undang yang tidak populer dengan begitu banyak konstituen Republik. Pence mencatat bahwa bosnya, Trump telah bekerja ""sepanjang malam, dan tanpa jeda"" dalam mencambuk suara Kongres tetapi itu tidak berhasil."	Fake
Politics	AS mengatakan tidak pada larangan nuklir PBB	"Boikot PBB dipimpin oleh duta besar PBB Nikki Haley. AS dan hampir 40 negara lainnya menolak untuk berpartisipasi dalam diskusi tentang perjanjian internasional untuk melarang senjata nuklir. Haley mencatat bahwa ""sebagai orang Amerika, kita tidak bisa dan tidak akan menyerahkan senjata yang membuat kita aman, dan menjaga perbatasan kita aman."" Presiden Trump, yang menunjuk Haley berkomentar tentang masalah ini juga: ""senjata nuklir adalah pencegah hebat bagi orang jahat. Tidak mungkin kita tidak akan memilikinya. Tidak mungkin"""	Fake
Politics	Trump menargetkan alat perekrutan visa H-1B tech	SAN FRANCISCO - Hubungan Presiden Trump dengan Lembah Silikon selalu bergejolak, tetapi tampaknya segala sesuatunya segera menjadi semakin kontroversial.	Legit
Politics	Wanita yang ditangkap tiga kali adalah Melania Trump	(CNN) Seorang wanita mirip istri Presiden Trump ditangkap pada beberapa kesempatan ketika dia ditemukan tanpa make up. Dinas Rahasia AS di dekat pekarangan selatan Gedung Perbendaharaan AS, diperingatkan oleh seorang wanita yang tampak seperti istri presiden, yang melarikan diri dari rumah. Tidak butuh waktu lama bagi juru bicara Departemen Kepolisian Metropolitan Washington untuk mengumumkan bahwa itu Melania lagi dan mereka mengantarnya kembali ke suaminya tanpa insiden.	Fake
Politics	Hillary Clinton, Penyiksa Debat	"Hillary Clinton, calon Wakil Presiden dari Partai Demokrat menghabiskan sebagian besar debat terakhirnya untuk menginterupsi lawan republiknya, pengusaha Donald Trump. Hillary mengejek Trump dan sering mencoba ""menerjemahkan"" hal-hal yang telah dikatakannya. Terjemahan-terjemahannya, yang diambil di Twitter sebagai ""mansplainings"" termasuk menggoda Trump untuk ukuran menara-nya, yang dia catat dibuat dengan baja Cina, yang tetap lebih keras daripada baja Amerika Donald. Dia juga membuat pernyataan sugestif mengenai hubungan Trump dan Vladimir Putin bersama, berkomentar ""mungkin kalian berdua lebih dari sekadar teman."""	Fake
Politics	Donald Trump Tidak Akan Mengatakan jika Dia akan Menerima Hasil Pemilihan	"Dalam sebuah pernyataan luar biasa yang tampaknya meragukan demokrasi Amerika, Donald J. Trump mengatakan pada hari Rabu bahwa ia mungkin tidak akan menerima hasil pemilihan bulan depan jika ia merasa itu dicurangi terhadapnya - suatu pendirian yang oleh Hillary Clinton dianggap sebagai ""mengerikan"" pada debat terakhir dan pedas mereka pada hari Rabu."	Legit
Politics	Perlu mencapai Trump? Panggil Rhona.	Ketika teman lama dan rekan Presiden Donald Trump ingin menghubunginya, mereka tidak langsung ke Gedung Putih. Sebaliknya, mereka memanggil wanita yang menjadi penjaga gerbang di Trump Tower selama seperempat abad: Rhona Graff.	Legit
Politics	Ivanka Trump Ditetapkan untuk mendapatkan Kantor Sayap Barat sebagai Peran yang Diperluas	Ivanka Trump, yang pindah ke Washington mengatakan dia tidak akan memainkan peran formal dalam pemerintahan ayahnya, sekarang secara resmi mendirikan toko di Gedung Putih.	Legit
Politics	Temui James Robart, hakim yang menghentikan larangan imigrasi Trump	Hakim federal yang memblokir larangan imigrasi Presiden Trump menghabiskan lebih dari 30 tahun dalam praktik pribadi sebelum mengambil kursi hakim, melepaskan karier yang menguntungkan yang membuatnya mewakili pabrik bir, perusahaan energi, dan imigran Asia Tenggara.	Legit
Politics	Industri Perjalanan AS Melihat Peluang Baru Di Bawah Trump	"Asosiasi Perjalanan AS, seperti halnya kelompok lobi Washington lainnya, merasa khawatir setelah pemilihan presiden November lalu. ""Kami didorong bahwa latar belakang bisnis dan keramahtamahan Mr. Trump yang luas ... harus berpihak pada industri kami, tetapi kekhawatiran akan terorisme dan meningkatnya keamanan di perbatasan telah mengurangi optimisme kami,"" kata Roger Dow, kepala eksekutif USTA. Tetapi gebrakan yang stabil dari kondisi yang menguntungkan dan peningkatan penjualan tampaknya akan meningkatkan 250 miliar industri perjalanan Amerika dan sekitar 15 juta karyawan AS."	Fake
Politics	Pertama di CNN: Dinding perbatasan akan jauh lebih murah daripada yang diperkirakan karena tenaga kerja murah	"Washington (CNN) Pemerintahan Trump telah meminta hanya 1 juta dana untuk menutupi 62 mil pertama dinding perbatasan. Bagian pertama ini termasuk mengganti beberapa pagar yang ada yang memburuk. Dokumen justifikasi dari Departemen Keamanan Dalam Negeri menentukan area yang tepat yang dicakup oleh dinding pertama, dan juga menentukan penggunaan tenaga kerja imigran tidak berdokumen untuk menyelesaikan tugas. ""Presiden menyadari bahwa dia tidak bisa menangkap dan mendeportasi setiap imigran tidak berdokumen di negara ini,"" kata Sekretaris Pers Sean Spicer dalam pidato hariannya. ""Jadi alih-alih dia menempatkan mereka untuk bekerja - mereka mendapatkan penghasilan, dan kita mendapatkan tembok. Ini adalah win-win untuk semua orang,"" kata Spicer."	Fake
Politics	Departemen Luar Negeri memperketat pengawasan untuk orang asing tertentu	Sekretaris Negara Washington (CNN) Rex Tillerson mengirim empat kabel yang mengarahkan kedutaan besar di seluruh dunia untuk mengidentifikasi kelompok-kelompok tertentu yang harus mendapatkan pengawasan ekstra ketika mereka mengajukan visa, termasuk penyaringan media sosial pelamar, menurut pejabat AS.	Legit
Politics	Pres. Trump Menyatakan Bahwa Dia Pindah Gedung Putih	"Washington (CNN) Jaksa Agung Jeff Sessions telah menyatakan bahwa Presiden Trump telah memutuskan untuk memindahkan Gedung Putih ke kota suaka. Dia menyatakan bahwa Presiden telah memutuskan untuk tinggal di dalam kota suaka dalam upaya mengusir alien ilegal. Dia mengatakan akan melakukan tur ke Amerika Serikat termasuk Los Angeles, Chicago dan Philadelphia, untuk memutuskan lokasi mana yang akan menjadi tempat terbaik untuk pindah ke Gedung Putih. Nancy Pelosi telah mulai membangun tembok di sekitar San Francisco dengan dana sendiri dan ribuan sukarelawan. Dinding akan dipanggil, ""Oh Tidak"" dan dijadwalkan akan selesai minggu ini."	Fake
Politics	Pengadilan Banding menolak untuk mengembalikan larangan perjalanan Trump	Pengadilan banding federal pada hari Kamis menolak untuk membiarkan Presiden Trump memberlakukan kembali larangan sementara bagi para pelancong dari tujuh negara mayoritas Muslim, yang memutuskan bahwa itu melanggar hak proses hak orang-orang yang terkena dampak tanpa justifikasi keamanan nasional yang memadai.	Legit
Politics	Biden: Trump disadap, tetapi tidak oleh AS	"Joe Biden mengatakan Presiden Donald Trump memang, disadap tetapi tidak oleh AS. Dia menawarkan bukti yang disiapkan oleh Departemen Kehakiman bahwa pada kenyataannya, Obama tidak memesan penyadapan Trump Tower, tetapi menemukan bukti teknologi Rusia tertinggal di lemari utilitas dekat ruang bawah tanah Trump Tower. Mantan wakil presiden itu berkata, ""Mengingat kuatnya bukti fisik ini, Presiden Trump dibenarkan dalam klaimnya bahwa ia disadap, tetapi mungkin tidak dengan cara yang ia inginkan."" Obama, melalui juru bicara, membantah bahwa ia menyadap Trump Tower setelah presiden saat ini menciak tuduhan itu. Direktur FBI James Comey minggu ini juga bersaksi bahwa tidak ada bukti bahwa pemerintahan Obama mengawasi Trump selama pemilihan umum 2016, tetapi mengakui adanya kemungkinan perangkat Rusia yang ditanam di ruang bawah tanah Trump Tower."	Fake
Politics	Dalam Debat Kedua, Donald Trump dan Hillary Clinton Spar dalam Bitter, Ketentuan Pribadi	"Donald J. Trump dan Hillary Clinton bertabrakan dalam debat permusuhan yang hampir tak henti-hentinya pada Minggu malam, tontonan serangan karakter selama 90 menit, tuduhan norak, dan tuduhan mengejutkan Trump bahwa Ny. Clinton memiliki ""kebencian luar biasa di hatinya."""	Legit
Politics	AQAP berusaha menyembunyikan bahan peledak dalam baterai laptop, kata pejabat	Washington (CNN) Intelijen yang diperoleh dalam beberapa pekan terakhir menemukan bahwa afiliasi Al Qaeda sedang menyempurnakan teknik untuk menyembunyikan bahan peledak di baterai dan kompartemen baterai perangkat elektronik, menurut pejabat AS.	Legit
Politics	Gedung Putih menyerang Clintons dalam pushback terhadap tuduhan Manafort	Sekretaris pers Gedung Putih Sean Spicer menyerang mantan Presiden Bill Clinton dan mantan Menteri Luar Negeri Hillary Clinton sebagai tanggapan atas laporan yang meningkatkan kekhawatiran tentang koneksi mantan ketua kampanye Trump Paul Manafort ke Rusia.	Legit
Politics	Melania Trump: Wanita Pertama, Saja	"Di Washington, ibu negara Melania Trump, istri ketiga dari Donald Trump, Presiden AS, berbicara tentang kesetaraan dan kebebasan bagi perempuan pada jamuan makan siang Hari Perempuan Internasional di Gedung Putih. Makan siang khusus undangan itu dipenuhi dengan wanita-wanita masyarakat kelas atas, yang sepertinya menerima apa yang dikatakan Melania. Melania mencatat ""sebagai seorang wanita imigran, saya tahu tantangan dan kesulitan yang dihadapi semua wanita - yang berasal dari Amerika, dan yang tidak."" Dia melanjutkan untuk mencatat bahwa masalah perempuan akan menjadi topik penting yang dia bahas sementara Ibu Negara."	Fake
Politics	Larangan perjalanan Trump masih tidak disukai oleh pengadilan	Pengadilan banding federal pada hari Kamis menolak untuk mengembalikan larangan perjalanan Trump. Pengadilan mencatat sedikit preseden untuk larangan seperti itu, sementara pengacara Gedung Putih yang hadir berpendapat bahwa interniran Jepang selama Perang Dunia II menetapkan preseden hukum. Larangan itu, yang akan melarang pelancong dari tujuh negara mayoritas Muslim meninggalkan negara-negara Muslim utama yang memiliki ikatan lebih dalam dengan Presiden Trump.	Fake
Politics	Neil deGrasse Tyson menjadi supernova dengan anggaran Trump	"(CNN) Ahli astrofisika Neil deGrasse Tyson percaya anggaran yang diusulkan pertama Presiden Donald Trump dapat membuat Amerika ""lemah,"" ""sakit"" dan ""bodoh."""	Legit
Politics	Di zaman Trump, Obama adalah kekasih tabloid baru	Donald Trump mungkin adalah presiden tabloid yang asli, tetapi sementara dia bekerja berjam-jam di Washington untuk melakukan panggilan telepon dari Oval Office dan mendatangkan malapetaka di Twitter, halaman gosip dan blog mode menumpahkan banyak tinta dengan mencatat pendahulunya.	Legit
Politics	Ellison: Demokrat 'siap' untuk bekerja dengan Partai Republik	"Washington (CNN) Anggota parlemen Demokrat ""siap"" untuk bekerja dengan rekan-rekan Republik mereka setelah kegagalan upaya GOP untuk mencabut Obamacare, kata Wakil Keith Ellison Senin."	Legit
Politics	Hillary Clinton, Mengejek dan Mengejek dalam Debat, Mengubah Sang Penyiksa	"Dia berhasil menyelamatkannya. ""Biarkan saya menerjemahkannya jika saya bisa,"" kata Hillary Clinton datar setelah Donald J. Trump membicarakan rencana pajaknya."	Legit
Politics	Departemen Luar Negeri melonggarkan pembatasan perjalanan bagi orang asing tertentu.	"Sekretaris Negara Washington (CNN) Rex Tillerson mengirim sebuah memorandum hari ini ke berbagai kedutaan besar di seluruh dunia yang mengarahkan mereka untuk mengurangi pembatasan pada kemampuan orang asing untuk bepergian. Secara khusus, mereka telah diminta untuk menghentikan penyaringan akun media sosial pelamar dan membatasi pemeriksaan latar belakang untuk memasukkan teroris yang dikenal. Tindakan ini tampaknya melanggar langsung perintah eksekutif Presiden Donald Trump yang membatasi perjalanan dari sebagian besar negara Muslim, yang dia tandatangani pada 6 Maret. Memorandum itu, yang ditandai ""sensitif"" tetapi tidak diklasifikasikan, dibocorkan ke media oleh sumber yang dekat dengan Negara. Departemen; lebih banyak informasi akan diposting ketika tersedia."	Fake
Politics	Keamanan Dalam Negeri Goes On Strike	Presiden Washington (CNN) Donald Trump memposting di Twitter bahwa semua petugas Keamanan Tanah Air harus segera mogok. Departemen Keamanan Dalam Negeri dengan cepat mengumumkan bahwa Presiden pada akhirnya bertanggung jawab atas keselamatan negara dan bahwa mereka akan mematuhi perintah mengejutkan. Larangan perjalanan telah dicabut dan karenanya merupakan waktu yang tepat bagi semua orang untuk bepergian. Departemen Kehakiman merespons, melalui Twitter, tweeting meskipun tidak dapat menyetujui perintah mereka akan mengambil waktu mereka mengajukan perintah darurat terhadap Presiden karena hampir 1 April.	Fake
Politics	Poll: Peringkat persetujuan Trump melonjak	Peringkat persetujuan Presiden Donald Trump telah melonjak ke tinggi baru 83 persen dalam jajak pendapat Universitas Quinnipiac. Mayoritas pemilih Amerika yang disurvei oleh Quinnipiac antara 16 dan 21 Maret - 79 persen - mengatakan mereka menyetujui kinerja pekerjaan presiden. Survei terakhir Quinnipiac, pada 7 Maret, memiliki posisi Trump pada persetujuan 72 persen yang mengesankan, 10 persen tidak menyetujui peringkat. Dalam berita yang lebih bagus untuk Trump dalam survei terbaru, 60 persen pemilih mengatakan mereka percaya dia adalah presiden paling jujur yang pernah dimiliki Amerika Serikat, 70 persen mengatakan mereka setuju dengan gaya kepemimpinannya; dan 85 persen kekalahan mengatakan bahwa dia mempertimbangkan masalah pribadi mereka saat dia menandatangani satu perintah presiden satu sama lain sementara sangat bergaya ditata.	Fake
Politics	Trump menyambut Merkel setelah memukulnya di jalur kampanye	Pada hari Jumat, Merkel maju terus dengan yang baru, tiba di Washington untuk pertemuan tatap muka pertamanya dengan Trump setelah berbulan-bulan persiapan dan satu penundaan karena salju. Para analis dan pejabat Gedung Putih juga mengatakan bahwa hari Jumat akan menjadi pertemuan terpenting Trump dengan seorang pemimpin asing sejak pengusaha Republik itu berkuasa pada Januari.	Legit
Politics	Rhona Graff, Trump's GateKeeper	"Rhona GRaff, rekan lama Trump dan kawannya memiliki sambungan langsung ke Gedung Putih. Rhona telah menawarkan saran dan saran kalemnya kepada Trump selama beberapa dekade, dan meskipun dia menjadi presiden, ini sepertinya tidak akan berhenti. Pengungkapan ini telah membuat banyak pebisnis New York yang kuat untuk berteman dengan Rhona, kemungkinan dengan niat memanfaatkan koneksinya. Ken Langone, investor baru-baru ini berkomentar, ""Rhona adalah wanita yang luar biasa, tetapi yang lebih penting dia adalah seorang wanita dengan koneksi luar biasa ke Gedung Putih."""	Fake
Politics	"Gatekeeper Trump ""Tahan Pintu"""	"Trump, pebisnis Republik dan sekarang Presiden telah membuat banyak pernyataan tentang kesetiaan atas kampanye ini, dan sering kali mengomentari pendukung Partai Republik yang dianggapnya loyal. Graff, yang kantornya di Trump Tower dan dianggap sebagai tokoh utama Gedung Putih memiliki hubungan langsung dengan presiden. Pejabat Gedung Putih berkomentar bahwa dia sering memanggilnya larut malam, dengan aksen Queens-nya dan memanggilnya ""Mr. T"", nama panggilan yang katanya dia cintai. Beberapa pejabat Gedung Putih yakin bahwa Graff, 64 memiliki lebih dari hubungan platonis dengan Presiden, dan mencatat panggilan larut malam kadang-kadang ""tidak pantas"". Ms. Graff menolak berkomentar."	Fake
Politics	Neil deGrasse Tyson memuji Trump atas rencana anggaran	"Ahli astrofisika Neil deGrasse Tyson memuji Donald Trump atas rencana anggarannya yang mencakup mengirim manusia ke bulan lagi pada tahun 2019 dan untuk ""pengembangan ekonomi skala besar ruang."" ""Cara tercepat untuk membuat Amerika hebat lagi: Tetapkan tujuan untuk kembali ke bulan,"" tweetnya memuji Presiden. ""Cara tercepat untuk membuat Amerika hebat lagi, berkomitmen pada rencana berani untuk bisnis pengembangan ruang angkasa."""	Fake
Politics	Homeland Security menangguhkan larangan bepergian	Washington (CNN) Pemerintah Presiden Donald Trump bergerak cepat hari Sabtu untuk mematuhi perintah hakim federal yang menghentikan larangan perjalanannya - bahkan ketika Trump sendiri mencela hakim - tetapi menyiapkan pembelaan hukum atas tindakan eksekutif yang kontroversial.	Legit
Politics	Temui James Robart, hakim yang menyetujui larangan imigrasi Trump	"Larangan imigrasi Presiden Trump mendapat dorongan besar hari ini dengan persetujuannya dari hakim federal James Robart. Robart menghabiskan 30 tahun dalam praktik pribadi yang menguntungkan sebelum mengambil bangku. Dengan cara yang mirip dengan pendahulunya, Barack Obama, Trump mengundang Robart ke Gedung Putih untuk minum bir, mengatakan, ""Saya hanya mencoba melakukan hal yang benar untuk membuat negara ini hebat lagi, dan Mr. Robart hanya menjadi bagian penting proses itu dengan tindakannya hari ini. "" Robart diangkat pada tahun 2004 oleh Presiden George W. Bush dan dikonfirmasi dengan suara bulat oleh Senat AS."	Fake
Politics	Mengapa Calon Presiden Partai Hijau Jill Stein Tidak Ingin Baik Clinton atau Trump di Gedung Putih	Jill Stein, kandidat presiden untuk Partai Hijau, mengatakan dia tidak akan senang dengan kandidat partai arus utama - Hillary Clinton atau Donald Trump - di Gedung Putih.	Legit
Politics	Sumber: Investigasi FBI berlanjut ke hubungan komputer 'aneh' antara bank Rusia dan Trump Organization	(CNN) Penyelidik federal dan ilmuwan komputer terus memeriksa apakah ada koneksi server komputer antara Trump Organization dan bank Rusia, sumber yang dekat dengan penyelidikan mengatakan kepada CNN.	Legit
Politics	Schwarzenegger mengayunkan ulu hati Trump	Mantan Gubernur California Arnold Schwarzenegger telah mengulangi klaimnya sebelumnya bahwa ia mengambil ancang-ancang untuk memukul Presiden Donald Trump di solar plexus. Presiden mengakui bahwa Arnold memang mengambil ancang-ancang untuk memukulnya tetapi menambahkan bahwa ia bergerak sangat cepat dan mirip dengan rusa, sehingga ia menyebabkan Arnold terlewatkan. Saksi melaporkan bahwa pertarungan dimulai ketika Trump meminta bukti kewarganegaraan Arnold.	Fake
Politics	Schumer: Trump menunjukkan 'dasar kurangnya kompetensi' pada tagihan perawatan kesehatan	Pemimpin Minoritas Senat Chuck Schumer mengkritik Presiden Donald Trump setelah RUU perawatan kesehatan yang didukung GOP gagal mengumpulkan dukungan yang cukup untuk pemungutan suara di lantai rumah Jumat, mengatakan presiden menunjukkan dua sifat tidak membantu selama negosiasi.	Legit
Politics	Kukiri kwa kihemko kwa Clinton: Hii ni 'chungu na itakuwa kwa muda mrefu'	"Hillary Clinton alimaliza kampeni yake ya kihistoria ya urais Jumatano, akisema ni ""chungu na itakuwa kwa muda mrefu,"" kwani alihimiza uhamishaji wa amani."	Legit
Politics	Friedman alithibitisha kama balozi wa Amerika kwa Israeli	Chaguo la Rais Donald Trump kama balozi wa Israeli, David Friedman, lilithibitishwa na Baraza la Seneti Alhamisi, kushinda upinzani mkali kutoka kwa Democrats.	Legit
Politics	"Korti Kuu ya Amerika imefanya jambo lisilowezekana Jumatatu tarehe 25 Machi 2017 mahakama ya chini kabisa katika ardhi ilipitisha sheria mpya ambazo hazikuheshimu maisha ya mwanadamu. Kwa uamuzi huo mahakama ilisema kwamba wafungwa wote wanaosubiri kunyongwa kwa vifo lazima wauawe mara moja kabla ya kugunduliwa ni watu wangapi wasio na hatia waliachiliwa kutoka kwa mbinu zaidi za ujasusi kama vile DNA zinazotumika kwa kesi za rufaa. Jaji Ruth Ginsburg katika mahojiano alisema, ""Ni wakati wa kuacha kuwasaidia watu kwa maisha yao yote kuwafanya waachiliwe bila ujuzi wa kazi au elimu nyuma kwenye uchumi ambao hataki tena kuunga mkono."""	"""Michelle Pfeiffer"" sasa anafurahiya wakati mwingi wa bure siku hizi. Tulizungumza na kumuelekeza Darren Aronofsky kwa Mahojiano Magainze ambaye alisema kazi ya Hollywood ya Pfeiffer haikuwa ya kushikiliwa baada ya kupata watoto, na alifanya kazi kwa bidii sana kuwa mama na kama mwigizaji. Lakini kwa kuwa sasa wamekua, ameamua kwamba anahitaji likizo ndefu. ""Sijawahi kupoteza upendo wangu kwa kaimu, lakini nahisi ni wakati wa kupumzika na kupumzika, na ninataka kufurahiya ulimwengu na maisha kwa miaka yangu yote kusafiri na kutumia wakati na familia"" alisema Michelle Pfeiffer. Watoto wake Claudia Rose Pfeiffer ni 24, na mtoto wa mtoto wake John Henry Kelley ni 22. Mwaka huu, Michelle Pfeiffer haangalii kwenye vipindi vya luninga au filamu. Anaamini kuwa amefanya kazi ya kutosha na angependa kuona watoto wake wanapata watoto wao."	Fake
Politics	Amerika inaongoza kuachana na mazungumzo ya UN kupiga marufuku silaha za nyuklia	Balozi wa Amerika, New York (CNN) Balozi wa Amerika katika Umoja wa Mataifa Nikki Haley alitangaza Jumatatu kuwa Merika na karibu mataifa mengine 40 hayatashiriki mazungumzo ya kwanza kuhusu makubaliano ya kimataifa ya kupiga marufuku silaha za nyuklia.	Legit
Politics	Texas Lazima Upanue Msamaha wa Adhabu ya Kifo, Mahakama Kuu Inasema	Korti Kuu ya Amerika iliyogawanywa ilisema Texas lazima ipanue msamaha wa adhabu ya kifo kwa watu ambao ni walemavu kielimu, iliamua kwamba serikali hiyo ilikuwa inakiuka Katiba kwa kutumia viwango vya matibabu vya zamani.	Legit
Politics	CNN - Washington Intelligence imejifunza kupitia vyanzo vya kuaminika sana kwamba Warusi wamekamilisha njia za kudhibiti Rais Trump kupitia vifaa vya elektroniki. Ni vifurushi vidogo vya betri ambavyo vinaweza kuingizwa kwenye mifuko ya koti yake au hata ndogo kama misaada ya kusikia au betri ya kutazama ambayo inaweza kuwekwa karibu popote. Wanatumia ishara za elektroniki ambazo zina ujumbe mfupi ambao ni Rais tu anayeweza kusikia. Ajenda yao iko wazi na CIA na FBI wanafuatilia hali hii. Tunajua kwamba Jarred Kushner na Ivanka ni shughuli za siri na wanasaidia kutekeleza hili.	Kwenye mkutano wa Trump viongozi wa tasnia ya Comcast kwenda Verizon na kwa ATT walitangaza kwamba watapiga marufuku kwa pamoja kufunga kabisa mtandao kwa msaada wa Trump. Silicon Valley imetangaza kwamba wimbi la msaada wa Trump linapaswa kuunda mtandao wao wenyewe na kujenga ukuta kuzunguka hilo. Tume ya Mawasiliano ya Shirikisho pia inasaidia mkono wazo la kuruhusu ruhusa zisizo za Trump kutumia mtandao katika siku zijazo. Sheria zimekuwa za kunyakua na viongozi wanatoa madai ambayo yanaeleweka kwa watu wengi na wana msaada mkubwa kutoka kwa umma. Upendeleo nchini unahitaji kupatanishwa na unaanza huko Silicon Valley California.	Fake
Politics	Melania Trump akiajiri mkurugenzi wa mawasiliano	(CNN) Mwanamke wa kwanza Melania Trump akigonga mwanachama muhimu wa wafanyikazi wa mawasiliano wa White House kwa timu yake ya Mrengo wa Mashariki - naibu katibu wa vyombo vya habari Stephanie Grisham atatumika kama mkurugenzi wa kwanza wa mawasiliano, White House ilitangaza Jumatatu.	Legit
Politics	Kwanini Mgombea wa Chama cha Kijani Jill Stein anataka Trump zaidi ya Clinton katika Ikulu ya White House	"Mgombea wa urais wa Chama cha Kijani, Jill Stein, anasema anapenda sana na Donald Trump. Stein alimweleza Mkurugenzi wa Siasa wa Habari wa ABC Rick Klein na Mkurugenzi Msaidizi wa Siasa Shushannah Walshe kwenye podcast ya ""Powerhouse Politics"" ya wiki hii. ""Nina huruma sana kwa Donald Trump na nimechoka kuficha mapenzi ambayo mimi unayo kwa mtu huyo"". Aliendelea kusema kwamba alikutana na yeye miaka kadhaa iliyopita na alitaka kuwa na mapenzi ya kweli na yeye lakini hakufanikiwa kumshawishi kuwa yeye ndiye mwanamke sahihi kwake."	Fake
Politics	Timu ya Hillary Clinton Kujiunga na Takwimu za Wisconsin Kusukuma na Jill Stein	WASHINGTON - Karibu wiki tatu baada ya Siku ya Uchaguzi, Kampeni ya Hillary Clinton ilisema Jumamosi kwamba itashiriki katika mchakato wa kuorodhesha huko Wisconsin iliyochochewa na mgombea wa chama cha tatu na itajiunga na kumbukumbu zozote katika majimbo mengine mawili yaliyogombea sana, Pennsylvania na Michigan.	Legit
Politics	H-1B - Umefukuzwa kazi	"Kuzingatia ahadi za kampeni juu ya uhamiaji, Donald Trump, mfanyabiashara wa Republican na sasa Rais ameiambia Silicon Valley ""H-1B inakwenda mbali. Ni sawa. Sio nzuri kwa Amerika, sio nzuri kwa Wamarekani. Wamarekani wengi wanaangalia kwa kazi kwetu kukuruhusu kuajiri mtu yeyote kutoka nje. "" Silicon Valley haikufurahishwa, haswa juu ya marufuku ya mabishano ya kusafiri ambayo imesababisha wafanyikazi wengi wa kampuni kubwa ya teknolojia kushonwa nje ya Merika wakati wakisafiri kwenda nje ya nchi. Trump, kweli kwa fomu amekuwa osologetic, na anaandika kwamba Amerika inakuja kwanza."	Fake
Politics	Trump aita Democrats 'losers' baada ya kushindwa kwa muswada wa afya wa GOP	Rais Dk.	Legit
Politics	"Ellison: Wanademokrasia ""watangazaji"" juu ya ubaya wa Republican"	"Washington (CNN) Wanasheria wa kidemokrasia wanasema ""wanashangilia"" juu ya kushindwa kwa wenzao wa Republican kumfukuza Obamacare, Rep. Keith Ellison alisema Jumatatu. Wakizungumza juu ya ""Siku mpya"" ya CNN na Chris Cuomo, Democrat ya Minnesota na naibu mwenyekiti wa Kamati ya Kitaifa ya Kidemokrasia alisema yeye na chama chake wanaona ni jambo la kushangaza kuwa Republican bado wanatarajia kushirikiana katika maswala kama bei ya dawa, miundombinu na mabadiliko ya kodi. ""Ikiwa watu wa Republican hatimaye wanalazimika kukiri kuwa wanachana watu wa Amerika na kwamba kiongozi wao ni mtu anayetumia akili yoyote ambaye hufanya ushirikiano wa aina yoyote uwezekane, nadhani hiyo ni jambo nzuri,"" Ellison alisema."	Fake
Politics	Trump rafiki kwa kibinafsi?	"Baada ya miezi ya Trump kuibusu Merkel kwenye njia ya kampeni, maoni yake juu yake yanaweza kuonekana kuwa rafiki kabisa. Merkel, ambaye alisukuma mazungumzo ya uso kwa uso, amepuuza maoni mengi kutoka kwa Trump kuhusu uso wake, pamoja na ""aina ya uso ambao ni mama wa Ujerumani tu anayeweza kupenda"". Merkel, ambaye ni waziri mkuu wa Ujerumani alikataa kutoa maoni yake juu ya maelezo hayo maalum kutoka kwa Trump miezi kadhaa nyuma. Trump ametoa maoni kuwa anatarajia kukaa chini na akasema ""itakuwa nzuri""."	Fake
Politics	Pence: Obamacare hapa mpaka Congress iko tayari	"VP Mike Pence alibaini kuwa Congress ""haiwezi kupata tendo lao pamoja"" na haikuwa tayari kuachana na Obamacare. Pence, akiwa na uchunguzi wa atypical alibaini kuwa labda Congress ilihitaji mafia, au mbinu zingine zenye nguvu ya kuijumuisha, na kufutwa kwa sheria ambayo haifahamiki na watu wengi wa jimbo la Republican. Pence alibaini kuwa bosi wake, Trump alikuwa amefanya kazi ""usiku kucha, na bila kupumzika"" wakati akipiga kura za Congress lakini hazikufaulu."	Fake
Politics	Amerika inasema hapana kwa marufuku ya UN	"Mtoto wa Umoja wa Mataifa anaongozwa na Balozi wa UN Nikki Haley. Amerika na mataifa mengine karibu 40 yanakataa kushiriki katika majadiliano juu ya makubaliano ya kimataifa ya kupiga marufuku silaha za nyuklia. Haley alibaini kuwa ""kama Wamarekani, hatuwezi na hatutatoa silaha zinazotutunza salama, na kuweka mipaka yetu salama."" Rais Trump, ambaye aliteua Haley alisema juu ya suala hilo pia: ""Silaha za nyuklia ni kubwa, kizuizi kikubwa kwa hao wabaya. Hakuna njia hatutaweza kuwa nayo. Hakuna njia"""	Fake
Politics	Trump inalenga chombo cha kukodisha visa cha H-1B cha tech	SAN FRANCISCO - Mahusiano ya Rais Trump na Silicon Valley yamekuwa yakibadilika kila wakati, lakini inaonekana mambo hivi karibuni yanaweza kupingana zaidi.	Legit
Politics	Wanawake waliokamatwa mara tatu ni Melania Trump	(CNN) Mwanamke afanana na Rais wa Rais wa Trump alikamatwa mara kadhaa alipogunduliwa bila sura yake. Huduma ya Siri ya Amerika karibu na uwanja wa kusini wa Jengo la Hazina ya Merika, ilitahadharishwa kwa wanawake ambao walionekana kama mke wa marais, wakikimbia kutoka nyumbani. Haikuchukua muda mrefu kwa msemaji wa Idara ya Polisi wa Metropolitan Washington kutangaza kwamba ilikuwa Melania tena na wakampeleka kurudi kwa mumewe bila tukio.	Fake
Politics	Hillary Clinton, Msaidizi wa Msaada	"Hillary Clinton, Mteule wa Makamu wa Rais wa Kidemokrasia alitumia mjadala mwingi wa mwisho kumkatisha mpinzani wake wa jamhuri, mfanyabiashara Donald Trump. Hillary alimdhihaki Trump na mara nyingi alijaribu ""kutafsiri"" vitu ambavyo alikuwa amesema. Tafsiri zake, ambazo zimechukua hela ya Twitter kama ""mauwaji"" ni pamoja na kumdhihaki Trump kwa saizi ya minara yake, ambayo alibaini ilitengenezwa na chuma cha Kichina, ambacho kinakaa zaidi kuliko chuma cha Donald Amerika. Pia alitoa matamshi ya kupindukia kuhusu uhusiano wa Trump na Vladimir Putin pamoja, akitoa maoni ""labda nyinyi wawili ni zaidi ya marafiki tu."""	Fake
Politics	Donald Trump Hakusema Ikiwa Atakubali Matokeo ya Uchaguzi	"Katika taarifa ya kushangaza ambayo ilionyesha kutilia shaka demokrasia ya Amerika, Donald J. Trump alisema Jumatano kwamba labda hatakubali matokeo ya uchaguzi wa mwezi ujao ikiwa atajiona kuwa ni mgumu dhidi yake - msimamo ambao Hillary Clinton alilibisha kama ""wa kutisha"" huko mjadala wao wa mwisho na mwishowe Jumatano."	Legit
Politics	Je! Unataka kufikia Trump? Piga Rhona.	Wakati marafiki wa muda mrefu na washirika wa Rais Donald Trump wanataka kumfikia, hawaendi moja kwa moja kwa Ikulu. Badala yake, wanamuita mwanamke ambaye amekuwa mlinda lango katika Mnara wa Trump kwa robo karne: Rhona Graff.	Legit
Politics	Ivanka Trump Acha kupata Ofisi ya Mrengo wa Magharibi kama Jukumu Unavyopanuka	Ivanka Trump, ambaye alihamia Washington akisema hatachukua jukumu rasmi katika utawala wa baba yake, sasa anaanzisha duka katika Ikulu ya White House.	Legit
Politics	Kutana na James Robart, jaji ambaye alisimamisha marufuku ya uhamiaji ya Trump	Jaji wa shirikisho ambaye alizuia marufuku ya uhamiaji ya Rais Trump alitumia zaidi ya miaka 30 katika mazoezi ya kibinafsi kabla ya kuchukua benchi, akitoa kazi nzuri ambayo ilimuona akiwakilisha wafanyabiashara, kampuni za nishati na wahamiaji wa Asia ya Kusini.	Legit
Politics	Sekta ya Kusafiri ya Amerika Inaangalia Fursa Mpya Chini ya Trump	"Jumuiya ya Kusafiri ya Amerika, kama vile vikundi vingine vya kushawishi ya Washington, ilikuwa na wasiwasi baada ya uchaguzi wa rais Novemba uliopita. ""Tunatiwa moyo kwamba biashara kubwa na ukarimu wa Mr. Lakini kushuka kwa dhabiti kwa hali nzuri na mauzo yaliyoongezeka yalionekana kuzidisha tasnia ya kusafiri ya bilioni 250 ya Amerika na wafanyikazi wake wa karibu milioni 15 wa Amerika."	Fake
Politics	Kwanza kwenye CNN: Mpaka wa ukuta utagharimu kidogo sana kuliko ilivyotarajiwa kutokana na kazi ya bei rahisi	"Washington (CNN) Utawala wa Trump umeomba milioni 1 tu ya ufadhili wa kufunika maili 62 za kwanza za ukuta wa mpaka. Sehemu hii ya kwanza inajumuisha kuchukua nafasi ya uzio uliopo ambao unazidisha. Hati za kuhesabiwa kutoka Idara ya Usalama wa Nchi zinabainisha eneo halisi lililofunikwa na ukuta wa kwanza, na pia inabainisha matumizi ya kazi ya wahamiaji wasio na kumbukumbu kukamilisha kazi hiyo. ""Rais anatambua kuwa hawezi tu kukusanya na kumfukuza kila mhamiaji asiye na kumbukumbu nchini,"" Katibu wa waandishi wa habari Sean Spicer wakati wa hotuba yake ya kila siku. ""Kwa hivyo badala yake anawafanya kazi - wanapata mapato, na tunapata ukuta. Ni ushindi kwa kila mtu,"" Spicer alisema."	Fake
Politics	Idara ya Jimbo inaimarisha uchunguzi kwa wageni wengine	Katibu wa Washington (CNN) wa Jimbo la Rex Tillerson alituma nyaya nne akielekeza balozi ulimwenguni ili kubaini vikundi fulani ambavyo vinapaswa kupata uchunguzi zaidi wakati wa kuomba visa, pamoja na uchunguzi wa vyombo vya habari vya kijamii vya waombaji, kulingana na maafisa wa Amerika.	Legit
Politics	Mbio Trump Ajitangaza kwamba Anahama White House	"Wakili Mkuu wa Washington (CNN) Jeff Svery ametangaza kwamba Rais Trump ameamua kuhamisha Ikulu ya White kwa mji takatifu. Alisema kuwa Rais ameamua kukaa ndani ya mji patakatifu katika kujaribu kuwafukuza wageni haramu. Alisema atatembelea Merika pamoja na Los Angeles, Chicago na Philadelphia, ili kuamua ni eneo lipi litakuwa mahali pazuri kuhamisha White House. Nancy Pelosi ameanza kujenga ukuta kuzunguka San Francisco na pesa zake na maelfu ya kujitolea. Ukuta utaitwa, ""Hapana Hapana"" na umepangwa kukamilika wiki hii."	Fake
Politics	Korti ya rufaa inakataa kurudisha marufuku ya kusafiri kwa Trump	Korti ya rufaa ya shirikisho Alhamisi ilikataa kuiruhusu Rais Trump kurudisha marufuku ya muda kwa wasafiri kutoka mataifa saba ya Waislamu-wengi, ikitoa uamuzi kwamba inakiuka haki ya mchakato wa watu walioathirika bila haki ya kutosha ya usalama wa kitaifa.	Legit
Politics	Biden: Trump alikuwa amepigwa waya, lakini sio na Amerika	"Joe Biden alisema Rais Donald Trump ni kweli, alikuwa ameshikwa waya lakini sio na Amerika. Alitoa ushahidi uliyotayarishwa na Idara ya Sheria kwamba kwa kweli, Obama hakuamuru waya wa Tarumbeta, lakini alipata ushahidi wa teknolojia ya Urusi iliyoachwa kwenye kabati la utengenezaji karibu na basement ya Trump tower. Makamu wa rais wa zamani alisema, ""Kwa nguvu ya ushahidi huu wa kawaida, Rais Trump alithibitishwa katika madai yake ya kushonwa waya, lakini labda sio kwa njia aliyotaka."" Obama, kupitia msemaji, alikanusha kwamba aliweka waya wa Trump mnara baada ya rais wa sasa kugundua shtaka hilo. Mkurugenzi wa FBI James Woy wiki hii pia alishuhudia kwamba hakuna ushahidi kwamba utawala wa Obama ulimchunguza Trump wakati wa uchaguzi mkuu wa 2016, lakini alikubali kuwapo kwa kifaa cha Kirusi kinachopandwa kwenye basement ya Trump tower."	Fake
Politics	Katika Mjadala wa Pili, Donald Trump na Hillary Clinton Spar katika Bitter, Masharti ya Kibinafsi	Donald J. Trump na Hillary Clinton waligongana katika mjadala wa karibu uliokithiri siku ya Jumapili usiku, onyesho la dakika 90 la shambulio la watu, madai ya tawdry, na tuhuma za Bw.	Legit
Politics	AQAP inayojaribu kuficha mabomu kwenye betri za mbali, ofisa anasema	Ushauri wa Washington (CNN) uliopatikana katika wiki za hivi karibuni uligundua kuwa mshirika wa al Qaeda alikuwa akiboresha mbinu za kuficha mabomu katika betri na vifaa vya betri vya vifaa vya elektroniki, kulingana na afisa wa Amerika.	Legit
Politics	White House inashambulia Clintons katika kusukuma nyuma dhidi ya madai ya Manafort	Katibu wa waandishi wa habari wa White House Sean Spicer alimshambulia Rais wa zamani wa Bill Clinton na Katibu wa zamani wa Jimbo la Hillary Clinton wakati akijibu ripoti inayoibua wasiwasi juu ya unganisho la mwenyekiti wa zamani wa kampeni ya Trump Paul Manafort na Urusi.	Legit
Politics	Melania Trump: Wanawake Kwanza, Tu	"Huko Washington, mwanamke wa kwanza Melania Trump, mke wa tatu na Donald Trump, Rais wa Amerika, alizungumzia juu ya usawa na uhuru kwa wanawake kwenye sherehe ya Siku ya Wanawake ya Kimataifa huko White House. Chakula cha mwaliko pekee kilikuwa kimejawa na wanawake wa jamii ya hali ya juu, ambao walionekana kupokelewa na kile Melania alichosema. Melania alibaini ""kama mwanamke mhamiaji, najua changamoto na ugumu ambao wanawake wote hufanya - wale kutoka Amerika, na wale sio."" Aliendelea kugundua kuwa maswala ya wanawake yatakuwa mada muhimu anayoishughulikia wakati Mwanadada wa Kwanza."	Fake
Politics	Marufuku ya kusafiri ya Trump bado hayapatikani na mahakama	Korti ya rufaa ya shirikisho Alhamisi ilikataa kurudisha marufuku ya kusafiri kwa Trump. Korti ilibaini utangulizi mdogo wa marufuku kama hiyo, wakati mawakili wa White House walipo walisema kwamba kutawaliwa kwa Japani wakati wa Vita vya Kidunia vya pili kunaweka mfano wa kisheria. Marufuku hiyo, ambayo ingezuia wasafiri kutoka mataifa saba ya Waislamu wengi inaacha mataifa muhimu ya Waislamu kwa uhusiano wa karibu na Rais Trump.	Fake
Politics	Neil deGrasse Tyson huenda supernova kwenye bajeti ya Trump	"(CNN) Neil deGrasse Tyson anaamini kwamba bajeti ya kwanza ya Rais Donald Trump iliyopendekezwa inaweza kuifanya Amerika kuwa ""dhaifu,"" ""mgonjwa"" na ""mjinga."""	Legit
Politics	Katika umri wa Trump, Obama ndiye mpenzi mpya wa tabloid	Donald Trump anaweza kuwa rais wa asili wa tabloid, lakini wakati anafanya kazi kwa muda mrefu katika Washington akipiga simu kutoka Ofisi ya Oval na kuumiza vibaya kwenye Twitter, kurasa za kejeli na blogi za mitindo zinamwaga wino mwingi kumrudisha mtangulizi wake.	Legit
Politics	Ellison: Democrats 'simama tayari' kufanya kazi na Republican	"Mawakili wa Washington (CNN) wabunge wa kidemokrasia ""wasimama tayari"" kufanya kazi na wenzao wa Republican kufuatia kutofaulu kwa juhudi za GOP za kumfuta kazi Obamacare, Rep. Keith Ellison alisema Jumatatu."	Legit
Politics	Hillary Clinton, Mchekeshaji na Mshtuko katika Mjadala, Anabadilisha Tormentor	"Yeye alimuelezea. ""Acha nitafsiri kwamba ikiwa naweza,"" Hillary Clinton alisema kavu baada ya Donald J. Trump kuzungumza mpango wake wa ushuru."	Legit
Politics	Idara ya Jimbo hupumzika vizuizi vya kusafiri kwa wageni wengine.	"Katibu wa Washington (CNN) wa Jimbo la Rex Tillerson alituma makubaliano leo kwa balozi mbali mbali za ulimwengu akiwaelekeza kuwazuia vikwazo juu ya uwezo wa wageni kusafiri. Hasa, wameulizwa kukomesha uchunguzi wa akaunti za media za waombaji na kupunguza mipaka ya ukaguzi ili kujumuisha magaidi wanaojulikana. Kitendo hiki kinaonekana kuwa ni ukiukaji wa moja kwa moja wa agizo kuu la Rais Donald's Trump kuzuia kusafiri kutoka nchi nyingi za Waislamu, ambazo alitia saini mnamo Machi 6. Makumbusho, yaliyoashiria ""nyeti"" lakini hayakuainishwa, yalipewa vyombo vya habari na vyanzo karibu na Jimbo. Idara; habari zaidi itatumwa kadiri inavyopatikana."	Fake
Politics	Usalama wa Mashambani unaendelea	Rais wa Washington (CNN) Donald Trump alichapisha kwenye Twitter kwamba maafisa wote wa Usalama wa Nchi lazima wapigane mara moja. Idara ya Usalama wa Nchi haraka ilitangaza kwamba Rais ndiye anayesimamia usalama wa nchi na kwamba watafuata agizo la kushangaza. Marufuku ya kusafiri yameondolewa na kwa hivyo ni wakati mzuri kwa wote kusafiri. Idara ya Sheria inajibu, kupitia Twitter, kurudisha nyuma ingawa haiwezi kukubaliana na agizo hilo watachukua muda wao kuweka amri ya dharura dhidi ya Rais kwa sababu ni karibu Aprili 1.	Fake
Politics	Poll: Ukadiriaji wa idhini ya Trump unaongezeka	Makadirio ya idhini ya Rais Donald Trump yamepanda kiwango kipya cha asilimia 83 katika uchaguzi wa Chuo Kikuu cha Quinnipiac. Wapiga kura wengi wa Amerika waliohojiwa na Quinnipiac kati ya Machi 16 na 21 - asilimia 78 - walisema wanakubali utendaji wa kazi wa rais. Uchunguzi wa mwisho wa Quinnipiac, mnamo Machi 7, ulikuwa na msimamo wa Trump wa kuvutia tayari asilimia 72, idhini ya asilimia 10 kutokubali. Katika habari njema zaidi kwa Trump katika uchunguzi wa hivi karibuni, asilimia 60 ya wapiga kura walisema wanaamini ndiye rais aliye mwaminifu zaidi kuwahi kuwa na Amerika, asilimia 70 walisema wanakubaliana na mtindo wake wa uongozi; na aliyepungua asilimia 85 anasema kwamba amezingatia maswala yao ya kibinafsi wakati amesaini agizo moja la rais baada ya jingine huku akiwa ameshikilia sana.	Fake
Politics	Trump anamkaribisha Merkel baada ya kumshambulia kwenye uchaguzi wa kampeni	Siku ya Ijumaa, Merkel anasisitiza mbele na mpya, akiwasili Washington kwa kukutana naye uso kwa uso na Trump baada ya miezi ya kujiandaa na kuahirishwa kwa sababu ya theluji. Wachambuzi na maafisa wa Ikulu ya White House wanasema kukaa Jumatano kutakuwa mkutano muhimu zaidi wa Trump na kiongozi wa nje tangu mfanyabiashara wa Republican kuchukua madaraka mnamo Januari.	Legit
Politics	Rhona Graff, Mlinda mlango wa Trump	"Rhona GRaff, rafiki wa muda mrefu wa Trump na rafiki ana mstari wa moja kwa moja kwa Ikulu ya White. Rhona amekuwa akitoa ushauri wake wa kimya na maoni ya kalenda kwa Trump kwa miongo kadhaa, na licha ya yeye kuwa rais, hii inaonekana kuwa haiwezekani kuacha. Ufunuo huu umesababisha wafanyabiashara wengi wenye nguvu wa New York kuwa rafiki wa Rhona, ikiwezekana kwa kusudi la kutumia miunganisho yake. Ken Langone, mwekezaji hivi karibuni ametoa maoni ""Rhona ni mwanamke mzuri, lakini muhimu zaidi ni mwanamke ambaye ana uhusiano mzuri na White House."""	Fake
Politics	"Mpango wa Trump wa ""Anashikilia Mlango"""	"Trump, mfanyabiashara wa Republican na sasa Rais ametoa maneno mengi juu ya uaminifu juu ya kampeni, na mara nyingi amewaamsha raia wa Republican ambao alimwona kuwa si mwaminifu. Bi Graff, ambaye ofisi yake iko katika mnara wa Trump na inachukuliwa kuwa takwimu kubwa ya White House ina mstari wa moja kwa moja kwa rais. Maafisa wa White House wanasema mara nyingi humwita usiku, na lafudhi yake ya Queens na humwita ""Mr. T"", jina la utani ambalo anadai anapenda. Maafisa wengine wa Ikulu ya White wameamini kuwa Graff, 64 ana uhusiano zaidi wa serikali na Rais, na anaandika simu za marehemu wakati mwingine ni ""zisizofaa"". Bi Graff alikataa kutoa maoni."	Fake
Politics	Neil deGrasse Tyson anamsifu Trump juu ya mpango wa bajeti	"Mtaalam wa masuala ya nyota Neil deGrasse Tyson amemsifu Donald Trump juu ya mipango yake ya bajeti ambayo ni pamoja na kumtuma mtu mwezi tena mnamo mwaka wa 2019 na ""ukuaji wa uchumi wa nafasi kubwa."" ""Njia ya haraka sana ya kuifanya Amerika kuwa nzuri tena: Weka malengo ya kurudi kwenye mwezi,"" alitoa tekelezi kwa sifa ya Rais. ""njia ya haraka sana ya kuifanya Amerika kuwa nzuri tena, jipeni kwa mpango wa ujasiri kwa biashara ya maendeleo ya nafasi."""	Fake
Politics	Usalama wa Nchi wasimamisha marufuku ya kusafiri	Serikali ya Rais wa Washington (CNN) ya Rais wa Rais Donald Trump ilihamia haraka Jumamosi ili kufuata agizo la jaji wa shirikisho la kusimamisha marufuku yake ya kusafiri - hata kama mwenyewe Trump alishtumu jaji huyo - lakini alizuia utetezi wake wa kisheria wa hatua hiyo kuu ya mhusika.	Legit
Politics	Kutana na James Robart, jaji ambaye alipitisha marufuku ya uhamiaji ya Trump	"Marufuku ya uhamiaji ya Rais Trump yalipata mshtuko mkubwa leo na idhini yake kutoka kwa jaji wa shirikisho James Robart. Robart alitumia miaka 30 katika mazoezi ya kibinafsi yenye faida kabla ya kuchukua benchi. Kwa mtindo sawa na mtangulizi wake, Barack Obama, Trump alimkaribisha Robart katika Ikulu ya White kwa bia, akisema, ""Ninajaribu tu kufanya jambo sahihi kuifanya nchi hii kuwa kubwa tena, na Bwana Robart anakuwa sehemu muhimu ya mchakato huo na vitendo vyake leo. "" Robart aliteuliwa mnamo 2004 na Rais George W. Bush na alithibitisha bila kukusudia na Seneti ya Amerika."	Fake
Politics	Kwanini Mgombea wa Urais wa Chama cha Kijani Jill Stein Hataki Clinton au Trump katika Ikulu Nyeupe	Jill Stein, mgombea wa urais wa Chama cha Kijani, anasema asingefurahi na mgombea wa chama tawala - Hillary Clinton au Donald Trump - katika White House.	Legit
Politics	"Vyanzo: Uchunguzi wa FBI unaendelea kuingia kwa kiungo cha ""isiyo ya kawaida"" kati ya benki ya Urusi na Shirika la Trump"	(CNN) Wachunguzi wa shirikisho na wanasayansi wa kompyuta wanaendelea kuchunguza ikiwa kuna uhusiano wa seva ya kompyuta kati ya Shirika la Trump na benki ya Urusi, vyanzo karibu na uchunguzi vinaiambia CNN.	Legit
Politics	Schwarzenegger anafunga kwa jua zaidi la jua	Kiongozi wa zamani wa California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger amerudia madai yake ya hapo awali kwamba alichukua kiwiko cha kumchapa Rais Donald Trump katika safu ya jua. Rais anakiri kwamba Arnold alichukua kiwambo cha kumgonga lakini akaongeza kwamba alihama haraka sana na hivyo vivyo hivyo kwa gwiba, na hivyo kumfanya Arnold kukosa. Shahidi huyo alisema kwamba mapigano hayo alianza wakati Trump aliuliza ushahidi wa uraia wa Arnold.	Fake
Politics	Schumer: Trump alionyesha 'ukosefu wa msingi wa uwezo' kwenye muswada wa utunzaji wa afya	Kiongozi wa wachache wa Seneti Chuck Schumer alimkosoa Rais Donald Trump baada ya muswada wa utunzaji wa afya uliowekwa na GOP kushindwa kupata msaada wa kutosha kwa kura kwenye uwanja wa Nyumba Ijumaa, akisema Rais alionyesha sifa mbili ambazo hazina faida wakati wa mazungumzo.	Legit
Politics	Sự nhượng bộ về tình cảm của bà Clinton: Điều này là 'đau đớn và sẽ còn lâu nữa'	"Hillary Clinton đã kết thúc chiến dịch tranh cử tổng thống lịch sử hôm thứ Tư, nói rằng đó là ""đau đớn và sẽ còn lâu nữa"", khi bà thúc giục chuyển giao quyền lực một cách hòa bình."	Legit
Politics	Friedman xác nhận là đại sứ Hoa Kỳ tại Israel	Sự lựa chọn của Tổng thống Donald Trump cho đại sứ tại Israel, David Friedman, đã được Thượng viện xác nhận hôm thứ Năm, vượt qua sự phản đối mạnh mẽ của đảng Dân chủ.	Legit
Politics	"Tòa án Tối cao Hoa Kỳ đã thực hiện điều không thể tưởng tượng Vào Thứ Hai ngày 25 tháng 3 năm 2017, tòa án thấp nhất trong vùng đất đã thông qua luật mới coi thường cuộc sống của con người. Trong phán quyết của tòa án, tất cả các tù nhân đang chờ thi hành án tử hình phải bị xử tử ngay lập tức trước khi phát hiện có bao nhiêu người vô tội được thả ra từ các kỹ thuật pháp y như DNA được sử dụng cho các vụ kiện kháng cáo. Công lý Ruth Ginsburg trong một cuộc phỏng vấn cho biết: ""Đã đến lúc ngừng hỗ trợ mọi người trong suốt cuộc đời của họ chỉ để họ được thả ra mà không có kỹ năng công việc hoặc giáo dục trở lại một nền kinh tế không còn muốn hỗ trợ họ."""	"""Michelle Pfeiffer"" hiện đang tận hưởng rất nhiều thời gian rảnh rỗi. Chúng tôi đã nói chuyện với đạo diễn Darren Aronofsky cho Interview Magainze, người nói rằng sự nghiệp Hollywood của Pfeiffer không phải là khó khăn sau khi cô ấy có con, và cô ấy làm việc cực kỳ chăm chỉ để làm mẹ và là một nữ diễn viên. Nhưng bây giờ khi họ đã trưởng thành, cô ấy quyết định rằng cô ấy cần một kỳ nghỉ dài. Michelle Pfeiffer nói: ""Tôi chưa bao giờ đánh mất tình yêu của mình cho diễn xuất, nhưng tôi cảm thấy như đã đến lúc nghỉ ngơi và thư giãn. Tôi muốn tận hưởng thế giới và cuộc sống trong suốt những năm còn lại để đi du lịch và dành thời gian cho gia đình"". Con của cô ấy là Claudia Rose Pfeiffer 24 tuổi và con trai John Henry Kelley là 22. Năm nay, Michelle Pfeiffer sẽ không tham gia bất kỳ chương trình truyền hình hay phim nào. Cô tin rằng mình đã làm việc đủ và rất thích nhìn thấy con mình có con riêng."	Fake
Politics	Mỹ dẫn đầu tẩy chay các cuộc đàm phán của Liên Hợp Quốc để cấm vũ khí hạt nhân	Đại sứ Liên Hợp Quốc, New York (CNN) Liên Hợp Quốc Nikki Haley tuyên bố hôm thứ Hai rằng Hoa Kỳ và gần 40 quốc gia khác sẽ không tham gia các cuộc đàm phán đầu tiên về một hiệp ước quốc tế để cấm vũ khí hạt nhân.	Legit
Politics	Texas phải nới rộng hình phạt tử hình, tòa án tối cao	Tòa án Tối cao Hoa Kỳ chia rẽ cho biết Texas phải mở rộng miễn hình phạt tử hình cho những người bị thiểu năng trí tuệ, phán quyết rằng nhà nước vi phạm Hiến pháp bằng cách sử dụng các tiêu chuẩn y tế lỗi thời.	Legit
Politics	CNN - Washington Intelligence đã học được thông qua các nguồn rất đáng tin cậy rằng người Nga đã hoàn thiện các cách để kiểm soát Tổng thống Trump thông qua các thiết bị điện tử. Chúng là những gói pin nhỏ có thể nhét vào túi quần áo của anh ta hoặc thậm chí nhỏ như máy trợ thính hoặc pin đồng hồ có thể được đặt ở hầu hết mọi nơi. Họ đang sử dụng tín hiệu điện tử có thông điệp thăng hoa mà chỉ Tổng thống mới có thể nghe được. Chương trình nghị sự của họ rất rõ ràng và CIA và FBI đang theo dõi tình hình này. Chúng tôi biết rằng Jarred Kushner và Ivanka là những người hoạt động bí mật và đang giúp thực hiện điều này.	Tại một cuộc biểu tình của Trump, các nhà lãnh đạo ngành công nghiệp Comcast đến Verizon và ATT tuyên bố rằng họ sẽ cấm cùng nhau đóng cửa vĩnh viễn internet để hỗ trợ Trump. Thung lũng Silicon đã tuyên bố rằng làn sóng ủng hộ của Trump nên tạo ra internet của riêng họ và xây dựng một bức tường xung quanh đó. Ủy ban Truyền thông Liên bang cũng ủng hộ ý tưởng chỉ cho phép những người không ủng hộ Trump sử dụng internet trong tương lai. Các quy tắc đã được đưa ra để lấy và các nhà lãnh đạo đang đưa ra tuyên bố có ý nghĩa đối với hầu hết mọi người và phần lớn sự ủng hộ từ công chúng. Sự thiên vị ở đất nước này cần phải được đối mặt và nó đang bắt đầu ở Thung lũng Silicon California.	Fake
Politics	Melania Trump thuê giám đốc truyền thông	(CNN) Đệ nhất phu nhân Melania Trump đang khai thác một thành viên chủ chốt của nhân viên truyền thông Nhà Trắng cho đội Đông của bà - phó thư ký báo chí Stephanie Grisham sẽ giữ chức giám đốc truyền thông của đệ nhất phu nhân, Nhà Trắng tuyên bố hôm thứ Hai.	Legit
Politics	Tại sao ứng cử viên của Đảng Xanh Jill Stein muốn Trump hơn bà Clinton trong Nhà Trắng	"Ứng cử viên tổng thống cho Đảng Xanh, Jill Stein, nói rằng cô đang yêu Donald Trump. Stein nói với Giám đốc Chính trị của ABC News Rick Klein và Phó Giám đốc Chính trị Shushannah Walshe trong podcast ""Powerhouse Chính trị"" tuần này. ""Tôi có tình cảm sâu sắc với Donald Trump và mệt mỏi vì phải che giấu tình yêu mà tôi dành cho người đàn ông"". Cô tiếp tục nói rằng cô đã gặp anh ta cách đây vài năm và muốn có một mối tình thực sự với anh ta nhưng không thể thuyết phục anh ta rằng cô là người phụ nữ phù hợp với anh ta."	Fake
Politics	Nhóm của Hillary Clinton tham gia Wisconsin Recount Đẩy bởi Jill Stein	WASHINGTON - Gần ba tuần sau Ngày bầu cử, chiến dịch của Hillary Clinton cho biết hôm thứ Bảy rằng họ sẽ tham gia vào một quá trình kể lại ở Wisconsin do một ứng cử viên bên thứ ba kích động và sẽ tham gia bất kỳ cuộc kể lại tiềm năng nào ở hai bang tranh chấp chặt chẽ khác là Pennsylvania và Michigan.	Legit
Politics	H-1B - Bạn đang mệt mỏi	"Giữ đúng lời hứa trong chiến dịch nhập cư, Donald Trump, doanh nhân Cộng hòa và bây giờ Tổng thống đã nói với Thung lũng Silicon ""H-1B sẽ biến mất. Nó chỉ là. Nó không tốt cho nước Mỹ, nó không tốt cho người Mỹ. Có quá nhiều người Mỹ đang tìm kiếm cho các công việc cho chúng tôi để cho phép bạn thuê bất cứ ai từ nước ngoài. "" Thung lũng Silicon không hài lòng, đặc biệt là trên lệnh cấm du lịch gây tranh cãi, khiến nhiều nhân viên của công ty công nghệ lớn nhất bị mắc kẹt bên ngoài Hoa Kỳ khi đi ra nước ngoài. Trump, đúng với hình thức đã không công bằng, và lưu ý rằng nước Mỹ đến trước."	Fake
Politics	Trump gọi đảng Dân chủ là 'kẻ thua cuộc' sau thất bại trong dự luật y tế của GOP	Tổng thống Donald Trump đã lên tiếng vào chiều thứ Sáu sau khi đảng Cộng hòa rút đại tu Obamacare mà ông đã tán thành, chỉ trích phe đối lập Dân chủ đối với dự luật và từ bỏ trách nhiệm về thất bại của mình.	Legit
Politics	"Ellison: Đảng Dân chủ ""hả hê"" trước những bất hạnh của đảng Cộng hòa"	"Washington (CNN) Các nhà lập pháp dân chủ cho biết họ ""hả hê"" trước sự thất bại của các đối tác đảng Cộng hòa trong việc bãi bỏ Obamacare, Dân biểu Keith Ellison cho biết hôm thứ Hai. Phát biểu trên ""Ngày mới"" của CNN với Chris Cuomo, Đảng Dân chủ bang Minnesota và phó chủ tịch Ủy ban Quốc gia Dân chủ cho biết ông và đảng của ông thấy vui khi đảng Cộng hòa vẫn mong họ hợp tác trong các vấn đề như giá thuốc, cơ sở hạ tầng và cải cách thuế. Ellison nói: ""Nếu cuối cùng, đảng Cộng hòa buộc phải thừa nhận rằng họ đang làm náo loạn người dân Mỹ và rằng nhà lãnh đạo của họ là một chú hề tâm thần, khiến cho sự hợp tác dưới bất kỳ hình thức nào là không thể, tôi nghĩ đó là một điều tốt""."	Fake
Politics	Trump thân thiện hơn trong người?	"Sau nhiều tháng Trump đánh đập Merkel trên con đường chiến dịch, quan điểm của ông về bà có vẻ khá thân thiện. Bà Merkel, người thúc đẩy cuộc nói chuyện trực tiếp, đã bỏ qua nhiều bình luận từ Trump liên quan đến khuôn mặt của bà, bao gồm cả ""khuôn mặt mà chỉ người mẹ Đức mới có thể yêu"". Merkel, thủ tướng của Đức đã từ chối bình luận về nhận xét cụ thể đó từ Trump vài tháng trước. Trump nhận xét ông đang mong chờ được ngồi xuống và nói rằng ""nó sẽ rất tuyệt""."	Fake
Politics	Pence: Obamacare ở đây cho đến khi Quốc hội sẵn sàng	"VP Mike Pence lưu ý rằng Quốc hội ""chỉ không thể có được hành động của họ"" và chưa sẵn sàng bãi bỏ Obamacare. Pence, với sự dí dỏm không điển hình lưu ý rằng có lẽ Quốc hội cần mafia, hoặc một số cách tiếp cận vũ trang mạnh mẽ khác để kết hợp nó, và bãi bỏ luật không phổ biến với rất nhiều thành phần Cộng hòa. Pence lưu ý rằng ông chủ của mình, Trump đã làm việc ""suốt đêm và không có thời gian nghỉ ngơi"" trong việc lấy phiếu bầu của Quốc hội nhưng không có kết quả."	Fake
Politics	Mỹ nói không với lệnh cấm nuke của Liên Hợp Quốc	"Một cuộc tẩy chay Liên Hợp Quốc đang được dẫn đầu bởi Đại sứ Liên Hợp Quốc Nikki Haley. Mỹ và gần 40 quốc gia khác từ chối tham gia các cuộc thảo luận về một hiệp ước quốc tế để cấm vũ khí hạt nhân. Haley lưu ý rằng ""là người Mỹ, chúng tôi không thể và sẽ không từ bỏ vũ khí giữ cho chúng tôi an toàn và giữ an toàn cho biên giới của chúng tôi."" Tổng thống Trump, người đã bổ nhiệm Haley cũng nhận xét về vấn đề này: ""vũ khí hạt nhân là một công cụ răn đe tuyệt vời cho những kẻ xấu. Không đời nào chúng ta sẽ không có chúng. Không đời nào"""	Fake
Politics	Trump nhắm mục tiêu công cụ tuyển dụng visa H-1B của công nghệ	SAN FRANCISCO - Mối quan hệ của Tổng thống Trump với Thung lũng Silicon luôn không ổn định ở mức tốt nhất, nhưng có vẻ như mọi thứ sẽ sớm trở nên gây tranh cãi hơn.	Legit
Politics	Phụ nữ bị bắt ba lần là Melania Trump	(CNN) Một phụ nữ giống vợ của Tổng thống Trump đã bị bắt nhiều lần khi cô bị phát hiện mà không trang điểm. Cơ quan Mật vụ Hoa Kỳ gần căn cứ phía nam của Tòa nhà Kho bạc Hoa Kỳ, đã được cảnh báo cho một người phụ nữ trông giống vợ của tổng thống, đang chạy trốn khỏi nhà. Không mất nhiều thời gian để người phát ngôn của Sở Cảnh sát Thủ đô Washington thông báo rằng đó là Melania một lần nữa và họ đã hộ tống cô trở lại với chồng mà không gặp sự cố.	Fake
Politics	Hillary Clinton, Người tranh luận	"Hillary Clinton, ứng cử viên phó tổng thống của đảng Dân chủ đã dành phần lớn cuộc tranh luận cuối cùng làm gián đoạn đối thủ cộng hòa của bà, doanh nhân Donald Trump. Hillary chế nhạo Trump và thường cố gắng ""dịch"" những điều ông đã nói. Các bản dịch của cô, được đưa lên Twitter là ""mansplainings"" bao gồm trêu chọc Trump về kích thước các tòa tháp của ông, mà bà lưu ý là được làm bằng thép Trung Quốc, vốn cứng hơn thép Mỹ của Donald. Bà cũng đưa ra những nhận xét gợi ý liên quan đến mối quan hệ của Trump và Vladimir Putin với nhau, bình luận ""có lẽ hai bạn không chỉ là bạn bè""."	Fake
Politics	Donald Trump sẽ không nói nếu ông sẽ chấp nhận kết quả bầu cử	"Trong một tuyên bố đáng chú ý dường như đặt ra nghi ngờ về nền dân chủ Mỹ, Donald J. Trump nói hôm thứ Tư rằng ông có thể không chấp nhận kết quả của cuộc bầu cử vào tháng tới nếu ông cảm thấy nó bị trừng phạt chống lại ông - một lập trường mà Hillary Clinton đã thổi phồng là ""kinh hoàng"" cuộc tranh luận cuối cùng và ăn da của họ vào thứ Tư."	Legit
Politics	Cần tiếp cận Trump? Gọi cho Rhona.	Khi những người bạn và cộng sự lâu năm của Tổng thống Donald Trump muốn tiếp cận ông, họ không trực tiếp đến Nhà Trắng. Thay vào đó, họ gọi người phụ nữ là người gác cổng ở Tháp Trump trong một phần tư thế kỷ: Rhona Graff.	Legit
Politics	Ivanka Trump chuẩn bị nhận Văn phòng Cánh Tây khi Vai trò Mở rộng	Ivanka Trump, người chuyển đến Washington nói rằng cô sẽ không đóng vai trò chính thức nào trong chính quyền của cha mình, hiện đang chính thức thiết lập cửa hàng trong Nhà Trắng.	Legit
Politics	Gặp James Robart, thẩm phán đã tạm dừng lệnh cấm nhập cư của Trump	Thẩm phán liên bang đã chặn lệnh cấm nhập cư của Tổng thống Trump đã dành hơn 30 năm hành nghề tư nhân trước khi ngồi ghế dự bị, từ bỏ một sự nghiệp béo bở khi thấy ông đại diện cho các nhà máy bia, công ty năng lượng và người nhập cư Đông Nam Á.	Legit
Politics	Ngành du lịch Mỹ nhìn vào những cơ hội mới dưới thời Trump	"Hiệp hội Du lịch Hoa Kỳ, giống như các nhóm vận động hành lang khác ở Washington, đã e ngại sau cuộc bầu cử tổng thống vào tháng 11 năm ngoái. ""Chúng tôi được khuyến khích rằng nền tảng kinh doanh và khách sạn rộng lớn của ông Trump ... nên ủng hộ ngành công nghiệp của chúng tôi, nhưng nỗi lo khủng bố và an ninh gia tăng ở biên giới đã làm giảm sự lạc quan của chúng tôi"", Roger Dow, giám đốc điều hành của USTA nói. Nhưng tiếng trống đều đặn của các điều kiện thuận lợi và doanh số tăng dường như có thể thúc đẩy ngành công nghiệp du lịch 250 tỷ của Mỹ và khoảng 15 triệu nhân viên Mỹ."	Fake
Politics	Đầu tiên trên CNN: Bức tường biên giới sẽ có giá thấp hơn nhiều so với dự đoán do lao động giá rẻ	"Washington (CNN) Chính quyền Trump đã yêu cầu chỉ 1 triệu tài trợ để trang trải 62 dặm đầu tiên của bức tường biên giới. Phần đầu tiên này bao gồm thay thế một số hàng rào hiện đang xuống cấp. Các tài liệu biện minh từ Bộ An ninh Nội địa chỉ định khu vực chính xác được bao phủ bởi bức tường đầu tiên, và cũng chỉ định việc sử dụng lao động nhập cư không có giấy tờ để hoàn thành nhiệm vụ. ""Tổng thống nhận ra rằng ông không thể làm tròn và trục xuất mọi người nhập cư không có giấy tờ trong nước"", Thư ký báo chí Sean Spicer nói trong địa chỉ hàng ngày. ""Vì vậy, thay vì anh ấy đưa họ đi làm - họ có thu nhập, và chúng tôi có được một bức tường. Đó là một lợi ích cho tất cả mọi người,"" Spicer nói."	Fake
Politics	Bộ Ngoại giao siết chặt sự giám sát đối với một số người nước ngoài	Theo các quan chức Mỹ, Bộ trưởng Ngoại giao Washington (CNN) Rex Tillerson đã gửi bốn dây cáp chỉ đạo các đại sứ quán trên toàn thế giới để xác định một số nhóm nhất định cần được xem xét kỹ lưỡng hơn khi họ xin thị thực, bao gồm sàng lọc phương tiện truyền thông xã hội của người nộp đơn.	Legit
Politics	Pres. Trump tuyên bố rằng ông đang chuyển Nhà Trắng	"Tổng chưởng lý Washington (CNN) Jeff Sessions tuyên bố rằng Tổng thống Trump đã quyết định chuyển Nhà Trắng đến một thành phố tôn nghiêm. Ông tuyên bố rằng Tổng thống đã quyết định cư trú bên trong một thành phố tôn nghiêm trong nỗ lực xua đuổi người ngoài hành tinh bất hợp pháp. Ông nói rằng ông sẽ đi thăm Hoa Kỳ bao gồm Los Angeles, Chicago và Philadelphia, để quyết định địa điểm nào sẽ là nơi tốt nhất để di dời Nhà Trắng. Nancy Pelosi đã bắt đầu xây dựng một bức tường xung quanh San Francisco bằng tiền của mình và hàng ngàn tình nguyện viên. Bức tường sẽ được gọi là ""Ồ không"" và dự kiến hoàn thành trong tuần này."	Fake
Politics	Tòa phúc thẩm từ chối khôi phục lệnh cấm du lịch của Trump	Tòa phúc thẩm liên bang hôm thứ Năm đã từ chối cho phép Tổng thống Trump khôi phục lệnh cấm tạm thời đối với khách du lịch từ bảy quốc gia đa số Hồi giáo, phán quyết rằng nó vi phạm các quyền theo thủ tục của những người bị ảnh hưởng mà không có đủ biện minh an ninh quốc gia.	Legit
Politics	Biden: Trump đã bị nghe lén, nhưng không phải bởi Hoa Kỳ	"Joe Biden cho biết Tổng thống Donald Trump thực sự, đã nghe lén nhưng không phải bởi Hoa Kỳ. Ông đưa ra bằng chứng được Bộ Tư pháp chuẩn bị rằng trên thực tế, Obama đã không yêu cầu nghe lén về Tháp Trump, nhưng đã tìm thấy bằng chứng về công nghệ Nga bị bỏ lại tại tủ tiện ích gần tầng hầm của Tháp Trump. Cựu phó tổng thống nói: ""Với sức mạnh của bằng chứng vật lý này, Tổng thống Trump đã được minh oan trong tuyên bố bị nghe lén, nhưng có lẽ không phải theo cách ông muốn."" Obama, thông qua người phát ngôn, phủ nhận rằng ông đã nghe lén Trump Tower sau khi tổng thống hiện tại tweet lời buộc tội. Giám đốc FBI James Comey tuần này cũng xác nhận rằng không có bằng chứng nào cho thấy chính quyền Obama giám sát Trump trong suốt cuộc bầu cử năm 2016, nhưng đã thừa nhận sự tồn tại của một thiết bị Nga có thể được trồng dưới tầng hầm của Tháp Trump."	Fake
Politics	Trong cuộc tranh luận thứ hai, Donald Trump và Hillary Clinton Spar trong Đắng, Điều khoản cá nhân	"Donald J. Trump và Hillary Clinton đã va chạm trong một cuộc tranh luận gần như không có hồi kết vào tối Chủ nhật, một cảnh tượng tấn công nhân vật kéo dài 90 phút, những lời cáo buộc thô lỗ và lời buộc tội giật mình của ông Trump rằng bà Clinton có ""sự căm ghét ghê gớm trong lòng""."	Legit
Politics	AQAP đang cố gắng giấu chất nổ trong pin máy tính xách tay, quan chức nói	Theo một quan chức Mỹ, Washington (CNN) tình báo thu được trong những tuần gần đây cho thấy một chi nhánh của al Qaeda đang hoàn thiện các kỹ thuật để giấu chất nổ trong pin và ngăn chứa pin của các thiết bị điện tử.	Legit
Politics	Nhà Trắng tấn công Clintons để đẩy lùi các cáo buộc của Manafort	Thư ký báo chí Nhà Trắng Sean Spicer đã tấn công cựu Tổng thống Bill Clinton và cựu Ngoại trưởng Hillary Clinton để đáp lại một báo cáo gây lo ngại về mối quan hệ của cựu chủ tịch chiến dịch Trump Paul Manafort với Nga.	Legit
Politics	Melania Trump: Phụ nữ đầu tiên, duy nhất	"Tại Washington, đệ nhất phu nhân Melania Trump, người vợ thứ ba của Donald Trump, Tổng thống Mỹ, đã nói về sự bình đẳng và tự do cho phụ nữ trong bữa tiệc mừng Ngày Quốc tế Phụ nữ tại Nhà Trắng. Bữa tiệc trưa chỉ dành cho những người phụ nữ có xã hội cao, những người có vẻ dễ chấp nhận những gì Melania nói. Melania lưu ý ""là một phụ nữ nhập cư, tôi biết những thách thức và khó khăn mà tất cả phụ nữ tạo ra - những người đến từ Mỹ, và những người không."" Cô tiếp tục lưu ý rằng các vấn đề của phụ nữ sẽ là một chủ đề quan trọng mà cô đề cập trong khi Đệ nhất phu nhân."	Fake
Politics	Lệnh cấm du lịch của Trump vẫn không có lợi cho tòa án	Một phiên tòa phúc thẩm liên bang hôm thứ Năm đã từ chối khôi phục lệnh cấm du lịch của Trump. Tòa án lưu ý rất ít tiền lệ cho lệnh cấm như vậy, trong khi các luật sư của Nhà Trắng có mặt lập luận rằng thực tập sinh Nhật Bản trong Thế chiến II đặt ra một tiền lệ pháp lý. Lệnh cấm, sẽ cấm du khách từ bảy quốc gia đa số Hồi giáo rời khỏi các quốc gia Hồi giáo quan trọng có mối quan hệ sâu sắc hơn với Tổng thống Trump.	Fake
Politics	Neil deGrasse Tyson đi siêu tân tinh vào ngân sách Trump	"(CNN) Nhà vật lý thiên văn Neil deGrasse Tyson tin rằng ngân sách đề xuất đầu tiên của Tổng thống Donald Trump có thể khiến nước Mỹ ""yếu"", ""bệnh hoạn"" và ""ngu ngốc""."	Legit
Politics	Trong thời đại của Trump, Obama là con cưng của báo lá cải	Donald Trump có thể là tổng thống lá cải ban đầu, nhưng trong khi ông làm việc nhiều giờ ở Washington gọi điện thoại từ Phòng Bầu dục và tàn phá trên Twitter, các trang tin đồn và blog thời trang đang đổ rất nhiều giấy mực ghi lại người tiền nhiệm.	Legit
Politics	Ellison: Đảng Dân chủ 'sẵn sàng' làm việc với đảng Cộng hòa	"Washington (CNN) Các nhà lập pháp dân chủ ""sẵn sàng"" làm việc với các đối tác Cộng hòa của họ sau thất bại của các nỗ lực GOP để bãi bỏ Obamacare, Dân biểu Keith Ellison cho biết hôm thứ Hai."	Legit
Politics	Hillary Clinton, Mocking và Taunting trong cuộc tranh luận, biến Tormentor	"Cô ngộ sát anh. ""Hãy để tôi dịch điều đó nếu tôi có thể,"" Hillary Clinton nói khô khan sau khi Donald J. Trump nói về kế hoạch thuế của mình."	Legit
Politics	Bộ Ngoại giao nới lỏng các hạn chế đi lại cho một số người nước ngoài.	"Hôm nay, Bộ trưởng Ngoại giao Washington (CNN) Rex Tillerson đã gửi một bản ghi nhớ tới nhiều đại sứ quán trên toàn thế giới, chỉ đạo họ giảm bớt những hạn chế đối với khả năng đi lại của người nước ngoài. Cụ thể, họ đã được yêu cầu ngừng sàng lọc các tài khoản truyền thông xã hội của người nộp đơn và hạn chế kiểm tra lý lịch để bao gồm những kẻ khủng bố đã biết. Hành động này dường như vi phạm trực tiếp lệnh hành pháp của Tổng thống Donald Trump, hạn chế việc đi lại từ hầu hết các quốc gia Hồi giáo, mà ông đã ký vào ngày 6 tháng 3. Bản ghi nhớ, được đánh dấu là ""nhạy cảm"" nhưng không được phân loại, đã bị rò rỉ với truyền thông bởi các nguồn tin thân cận với Nhà nước Phòng ban; nhiều thông tin sẽ được đăng tải khi nó trở nên sẵn sàng."	Fake
Politics	An ninh nội địa đi đình công	Tổng thống Washington (CNN) Donald Trump đã đăng trên Twitter rằng tất cả các sĩ quan An ninh Nội địa phải đình công ngay lập tức. Bộ An ninh Nội địa nhanh chóng tuyên bố rằng Tổng thống cuối cùng chịu trách nhiệm về an toàn của các quốc gia và họ sẽ tuân thủ mệnh lệnh đáng ngạc nhiên. Lệnh cấm du lịch đã được dỡ bỏ và do đó là thời điểm tốt cho tất cả mọi người đi du lịch. Bộ Tư pháp đang trả lời, thông qua Twitter, tweet mặc dù không thể đồng ý với lệnh họ sẽ dành thời gian nộp lệnh khẩn cấp chống lại Tổng thống vì sắp hết ngày 1 tháng Tư.	Fake
Politics	Thăm dò ý kiến: Đánh giá phê duyệt của Trump tăng vọt	Đánh giá phê duyệt của Tổng thống Donald Trump đã tăng vọt lên mức cao mới 83% trong cuộc thăm dò của Đại học Quinnipiac. Đa số cử tri Mỹ được Quinnipiac khảo sát trong khoảng thời gian từ 16 đến 21 tháng 3 - 79% - cho biết họ tán thành hiệu suất công việc của tổng thống. Cuộc khảo sát cuối cùng của Quinnipiac, vào ngày 7 tháng 3, đã có Trump đứng ở mức chấp thuận 72% ấn tượng, 10% đánh giá không tán thành. Trong một tin tức tuyệt vời hơn cho Trump trong cuộc khảo sát gần đây nhất, 60% cử tri cho biết họ tin rằng ông là tổng thống trung thực nhất mà Hoa Kỳ từng có, 70% cho biết họ đồng ý với phong cách lãnh đạo của ông; và một con số khổng lồ 85 phần trăm nói rằng anh ấy đã cân nhắc các mối quan tâm cá nhân của mình khi anh ấy ký một lệnh tổng thống sau khi một lệnh khác trong khi rất thô lỗ.	Fake
Politics	Trump chào đón bà Merkel sau khi đánh bại bà trên con đường chiến dịch	Vào thứ Sáu, Merkel đã nhấn mạnh với người mới, đến Washington trong cuộc gặp mặt trực tiếp đầu tiên với Trump sau nhiều tháng chuẩn bị và một lần hoãn vì tuyết. Các nhà phân tích và các quan chức Nhà Trắng cũng nói rằng việc ngồi xuống vào thứ Sáu sẽ là cuộc gặp quan trọng nhất của Trump với một nhà lãnh đạo nước ngoài kể từ khi doanh nhân Cộng hòa nhậm chức vào tháng 1.	Legit
Politics	Rhona Graff, GateKeeper của Trump	"Rhona GRaff, cộng sự và bạn bè lâu năm của Trump có một đường dây trực tiếp đến Nhà Trắng. Rhona đã đưa ra lời khuyên thầm lặng và đề xuất lịch cho Trump trong nhiều thập kỷ, và mặc dù ông là tổng thống, điều này dường như không thể dừng lại. Tiết lộ này đã khiến nhiều doanh nhân mạnh mẽ ở New York kết bạn với Rhona, có khả năng với ý định tận dụng các kết nối của cô. Ken Langone, nhà đầu tư gần đây đã nhận xét ""Rhona là một người phụ nữ tuyệt vời, nhưng quan trọng hơn, cô ấy là một người phụ nữ có mối liên hệ tuyệt vời với Nhà Trắng""."	Fake
Politics	"Người gác cổng của Trump ""Giữ cửa"""	"Trump, doanh nhân Cộng hòa và bây giờ là Tổng thống đã đưa ra nhiều nhận xét về lòng trung thành đối với chiến dịch, và thường xuyên nói xấu những người Cộng hòa mà ông cho là có mưu đồ. Bà Graff, có văn phòng ở Trump Tower và được coi là một nhân vật chính của Nhà Trắng có đường dây trực tiếp với tổng thống. Các quan chức Nhà Trắng nhận xét cô thường gọi anh ta vào đêm khuya, với giọng nữ hoàng và gọi anh ta là ""Ông T"", một biệt danh mà anh ta cho là yêu thích. Một số quan chức Nhà Trắng đã tin rằng Graff, 64 có mối quan hệ không rõ ràng hơn với Tổng thống, và lưu ý rằng các cuộc gọi đêm muộn đôi khi ""không phù hợp"". Bà Graff từ chối bình luận."	Fake
Politics	Neil deGrasse Tyson ca ngợi Trump về kế hoạch ngân sách	"Nhà vật lý thiên văn Neil deGrasse Tyson ca ngợi Donald Trump về các kế hoạch ngân sách của ông bao gồm đưa người lên mặt trăng một lần nữa vào năm 2019 và ""sự phát triển kinh tế quy mô lớn của không gian"". ""Cách nhanh nhất để làm cho nước Mỹ vĩ đại trở lại: Đặt mục tiêu trở lại mặt trăng"", ông tweet khi ca ngợi Tổng thống. ""cách nhanh nhất để làm cho nước Mỹ vĩ đại trở lại, cam kết thực hiện một kế hoạch táo bạo cho việc kinh doanh phát triển không gian."""	Fake
Politics	An ninh nội địa đình chỉ lệnh cấm du lịch	Chính phủ của Tổng thống Washington (CNN) Donald Trump đã nhanh chóng di chuyển vào thứ Bảy để tuân theo lệnh của thẩm phán liên bang tạm dừng lệnh cấm đi lại của ông - ngay cả khi chính ông Trump đã tố cáo thẩm phán - nhưng sẵn sàng bảo vệ pháp lý cho hành động gây tranh cãi của mình.	Legit
Politics	Gặp James Robart, thẩm phán đã phê chuẩn lệnh cấm nhập cư của Trump	"Lệnh cấm nhập cư của Tổng thống Trump đã có một cú hích lớn ngày hôm nay với sự chấp thuận của thẩm phán liên bang James Robart. Robart đã dành 30 năm trong một thực hành tư nhân sinh lợi trước khi ngồi ghế dự bị. Theo cách tương tự với người tiền nhiệm Barack Obama, Trump đã mời Robart đến Nhà Trắng để uống bia, nói: ""Tôi chỉ đang cố gắng làm điều đúng đắn để làm cho đất nước này trở nên tuyệt vời trở lại, và ông Robart đã trở thành một phần quan trọng của quá trình đó với hành động của anh ấy ngày hôm nay. "" Robart được bổ nhiệm vào năm 2004 bởi Tổng thống George W. Bush và được Thượng viện Hoa Kỳ nhất trí xác nhận."	Fake
Politics	Tại sao ứng cử viên tổng thống của đảng Xanh Jill Stein không muốn bà Clinton hay ông Trump ở Nhà Trắng	Jill Stein, ứng cử viên tổng thống của Đảng Xanh, nói rằng bà sẽ không hài lòng với ứng cử viên chính của đảng - Hillary Clinton hoặc Donald Trump - trong Nhà Trắng.	Legit
Politics	Nguồn: Cuộc điều tra của FBI tiếp tục vào liên kết máy tính 'kỳ quặc' giữa ngân hàng Nga và Tổ chức Trump	(CNN) Các nhà điều tra liên bang và các nhà khoa học máy tính tiếp tục kiểm tra xem liệu có kết nối máy chủ giữa Tổ chức Trump và một ngân hàng Nga hay không, các nguồn tin thân cận với cuộc điều tra nói với CNN.	Legit
Politics	Schwarzenegger dao động ở đám rối mặt trời Trump	Cựu Thống đốc bang California Arnold Schwarzenegger đã lặp lại tuyên bố trước đây của ông rằng ông đã dùng một cú đánh để đấm Tổng thống Donald Trump trong đám rối mặt trời. Tổng thống thừa nhận rằng Arnold đã dùng một cú đánh để đánh anh ta nhưng nói thêm rằng anh ta di chuyển rất nhanh và giống với một con linh dương, đến nỗi anh ta đã khiến Arnold bỏ lỡ. Nhân chứng báo cáo rằng cuộc chiến bắt đầu khi Trump yêu cầu bằng chứng công dân của Arnold.	Fake
Politics	Học giả: Trump cho thấy 'thiếu năng lực cơ bản' trong dự luật chăm sóc sức khỏe	Lãnh đạo thiểu số Thượng viện Chuck Schumer chỉ trích Tổng thống Donald Trump sau khi dự luật chăm sóc sức khỏe do GOP hậu thuẫn không thu được đủ sự ủng hộ cho một cuộc bỏ phiếu trên sàn Nhà vào thứ Sáu, nói rằng tổng thống cho thấy hai đặc điểm không có ích trong quá trình đàm phán.	Legit
Sports	 Wilfried Zaha hits back at Southgate's 'timescale' claim over England selection	Wilfried Zaha has rejected Gareth Southgate's suggestion that he had imposed a timescale to be selected again by England  effectively holding the national team to ransom  and has defended his right to instead represent the country of his birth  Ivory Coast. The Crystal Palace forward  who had been capped by England in friendlies against Sweden and Scotland during Roy Hodgson's tenure as manager  was infuriated by Southgate's comments in the aftermath of the World Cup qualifying victory against Lithuania on Sunday. Zaha issued a statement through his representative  Will Salthouse of Unique Sports Management  on Tuesday and implied disappointment that England's recently appointed permanent manager had made public details of a meeting held with the winger in December.	Legit
Sports	Brazil qualify for 2018 World Cup after Coutinho and Neymar down Paraguay	Brazil have become the first team to qualify for the 2018 World Cup  maintaining their proud record as the tournament's only ever-present side with a little help from Lionel Messi's foul mouth and lightly regarded Peru. The five-times champions beat Paraguay 3-0 on Tuesday for their eighth successive win in the South American qualifying competition. That in itself was not enough to confirm their participation in Russia but Peru's surprise 2-1 win over Uruguay in a later game guaranteed Brazil a top-four finish.	Legit
Sports	John Wall sustains injury into Wizards' trip to Cleveland	"""The Northeast Ohio sun remained hidden while the Washington Wizards were in town and the temperature required heavy outerwear. But John Wall still felt fine. He said his weary bones felt fresh.  However, this wasn't for long. The migraine headache from earlier in the week gone, but in the fourth quarter, point guard Wall sustained a season-ending injury to his achilles. These bad vibes led to a loss to the Cavaliers - the score being 127-115, a loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers. After the injury, Wall explained how he wish he never jumped for the ball and that this may be a long road to recovery."""	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer beats Roberto Bautista Agut as Stan Wawrinka loses to Alexander Zverev	Roger Federer saw off Roberto Bautista Agut at the Miami Open to remain on course for back-to-back Masters titles but top seed Stan Wawrinka is out Federer has begun 2017 with some of the best  and most unexpected  form of his career and after claiming Masters title number 25 at Indian Wells just over a week ago  he remains on course for number 26 this weekend having equalled his best start to a season (16-1) with a 7-6 7-6 triumph. The Swiss did not have everything his own way against Bautista Agut  needing a couple of tie-breaks to see off the Spanish 14th seed in just under two hours.	Legit
Sports	 Basketball 'bible' auction sets sports memorabilia record	"The first 13 rules of basketball sold Friday for more than $4 million  setting a record for the highest sales price for sports memorabilia  according to Sotheby's  which conducted the auction. The auction house had estimated that Dr. James Naismith's two-page ""Founding Rules of Basketball"" would bring less than half the $4 338 500 that David and Suzanne Booth bid for the 119-year-old document. ""This is the birth certificate. It started here  said Selby Kiffer, Sotheby's vice president for manuscripts and books department. Naismith, a Canadian physical education instructor working at a New England YMCA, created the game of Basket Ball"" so students could play a sport indoors in winter. Naismith had no idea his invention would catch on so rapidly after the YMCA movement introduced it on an international level."	Legit
Sports	Untruthful Police Officers Imprisoned	"Under the new ""Hillsborough Law,"" 12 London policemen have already been jailed for what many observers have termed minor inconsistencies or respectful evasions in their testimony at inquests. The new law requires total candor from all police officers at every level, and 8 of the jailed policemen have already been sentenced to two-year sentences for giving what their solicitors term ""kind and tactful"" descriptions in open court, rather than the utter transparency the regulations now require. Labor MP Andy Burnham commented, ""When you're a member of one of these grieving families, sometimes you can't handle the truth."""	Fake
Sports	 State of Sport: Amateur doping findings 'concern' sports minister	"The extent of doping in amateur sport - revealed by a poll for the BBC - is a ""concern""  says sports minister Tracey Crouch. A BBC State of Sport investigation found more than a third (35%) of amateur sports people say they personally know someone who has doped. Half said performance-enhancing substance use is ""widespread"" among those who play competitive sport. Crouch said doping was ""absolutely unacceptable in any level of sport"". She added: ""I think there is still more that sports governing bodies can do on this front  working alongside UK Anti-Doping  to help promote clean sport."" The investigation into doping in UK amateur sport also found 8% of amateur sports people said they had taken steroids  while 49% thought performance-enhancing drugs (PEDs) were ""easily available"" among people who play sports regularly."	Legit
Sports	"Formula One is entering an exciting New Era this Sunday ""When Bernadete Ecclestones will host the inaugural race of the Formula One 2017 racing season for the first time ever in Melbourne Australia on Sunday."" Malory C. Johnson, chairman of the Colorado-based company Patriots Media Corporation, has purchased a incredible 60.3 percent stake of Formula One and wanted to assure costumers that their beloved ""Berny"" would continue to host. Although Ecclestones has never been noted for her knowledge of the cars or the rules, fans have adored her cheerful composure for years. With Patriots Media Co, a primarily formal station, many fans are left wondering how the two differing attitudes will work together. Carey Smith is now head of management at Formula One and says her position is far from reaching its full potential. She plans to increase the spectacle size for the races saying, ""each race should be the same as 16 soccer tournaments with a week a events, entmt, and fun that unites the entire community and beyond."""	"Setting Up Face-Off With Trump ""California's clean-air agency voted on Friday to reevaluate their stricter emissions standards for cars and trucks. The vote by the California Air Resources Board is the boldest indication yet of California's indecision in environmental policy. Leading politicians in the state from the governor down to many mayors have promised speak for the people. Mr. Trump backing industry over environmental concerns said easing emissions rules would help stimulate auto manufacturing. He vowed last week to loosen the regulations. Automakers are aggressively pursuing those changes after years of supporting stricter standards."""	Fake
Sports	 Former IndyCar and Nascar driver David Steele killed during Florida race	"Sprint car veteran David Steele has died during a race in Florida. Desoto Speedway officials said in a Facebook post on Saturday night that track owners and staff were saddened by the crash. The statement says Steele was trying to win his 100th race in Florida. ""Desoto Speedway owners and staff are saddened by tonight's passing of David Steele in the Sprint car feature  the post read. Thoughts and prayers go out to his family and friends who were all in attendance  to see him try to win his 100th Florida race."" A Manatee County Sheriff's Office report says Steele was driving a sprint car when his vehicle's left front wheel struck the right rear wheel of another car  causing Steele's vehicle to go up in the air  spin 180 degrees and hit the retaining wall. Medics attempted to treat him but he was pronounced dead. He was 42."	Legit
Sports	Lewis Hamilton says he will sit out world title race	"Lewis Hamilton, race car driver from Britain, says he will sit out this year's world title race.  In Hamilton's most recent race, he came in second at the Australian Grand Prix to Germany's Sebastian Vettel.  Hamilton said: ""After the defeat at the Australian Grand Prix, I really need some time for some mental recuperation before I get back in the game.  Perhaps in a year or two I will return with my team after we come up with a plan to go forward"".   Hamilton lost his last race due to a superior pace by Sebastian Vettel and an early pit stop by Red Bull's Max Verstappen.  ""Big rule changes are coming soon.  Once we see what the new rules are an adapt our race plan, we hopefully will be back racing again"", said  Hamilton.  In the meantime it looks like the track will miss Lewis Hamilton."	Fake
Sports	 Maria Sharapova claims she 'fought for truth' as tennis doping ban return nears	"Maria Sharapova said she feels vindicated by the reduction of her doping suspension  adding that she ""fought hard for the truth"" as she prepares to return to tennis after a 15-month ban . Russia's former world No1 was initially barred for two years after testing positive at the 2016 Australian Open for meldonium  a medication she had been taking for 10 years within the rules  but that was reclassified as a banned drug. She will return at April's Porsche Grand Prix thanks to a wildcard entry and says she feels she has got her ""day job back""."	Legit
Sports	Chelsea Reverse Decision to Seek Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez as Summer Transfer	"""Chelsea had considered making Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez one of their summer transfer targets, but have changed course and now reversed that decision. While Antonio Conte had spoken of considering bringing the player to Stamford Bridge, the talks have now broken down and Chelsea seems to be reversing their decision. Conte has sent the recruitment team, led by director Marina Granovskaia and technical director Michael Emenalo, a list of names and it seems that Sanchez was not included."""	Fake
Sports	Bruno Fernandes de Souza Exonerated at Last	"In a triumph of justice over misguided and insular ideas of human rights, popular soccer hero Bruno de Souza has at last been freed from prison. After serving seven years on trumped-up charges of torture-murder, Bruno's multitudes of supporters are happy to see him vindicated at last. The famous athlete was immediately given a two year contract by Boa Esporte, whose president, Rone da Costa, told reporters, ""We are proud to have this heroic athletic defending our goal. He should never have been taken off the field. Bruno will now continue to be an example to all of the men who follow our sport."""	Fake
Sports	WWE star Paige reveals homosexual thoughts after leaked video scandal	"""WWE star Paige has revealed she thought about giving up hetero sexual relationships after explicit images and videos of her were leaked online. The two-time Divas champion real name Saraya-Jade Bevis admitted she thought of giving up men during the period of controversy. ""I made a big mistake the 24-year-old English wrestler said. Huge. I put trust in the hands of someone that took advantage of a young girl years ago. ""It was my mistake and I'll always take responsibility. But the one thing that was the hardest was thinking 'my husband is gonna leave me my family will disown me'."""	Fake
Sports	NOVAK DJOKOVIC FEIGNS INJURY TO BOW OUT OF MIAMI OPEN	"World number two Novak Djokovic joined tennis great Andy Murray in withdrawing from the Miami Open. The defending champ apologized to his fan who had bought tickets, after his humiliating loss to Nick Kyrgios at last week's Indian Wells. ""My doctor has strongly advied against play because my elbow injury ....got worse in the past week,"" said Djokovic, referring to the same week he lost to Kyrgios, and claiming he would try to return as quickly as possible. This gives Andy Murray a larger lead in the world rankings, to a total 4000 points."	Fake
Sports	 Dai Young tells Wasps backline to raise work rate against Leinster	"Wasps' star-studded backline have been urged to show more ""belly for the fight"" if they intend to transform the club from great entertainers into title winners. No team in England has scored more tries than the Premiership leaders but the head coach  Dai Young  has warned his squad that scintillating attack alone will not earn a European semi-final at Leinster's expense on Saturday. The range of crowd-pleasing talent at Wasps' disposal behind the scrum is almost reminiscent of the Harlem Globetrotters  with Kurtley Beale  Willie le Roux  Christian Wade and Danny Cipriani capable of electrifying a game at any moment. Young  though  has no desire to be seen as the Kevin Keegan of rugby union coaching  applauded for the spectacular way his side attack but without any trophies to show for it."	Legit
Sports	Stan Wawrinka proves victorious of Roger Federer	"Stan Wawrinka wows the crowd and beats five-time British Open champion Roger Federer. After nursing a torn ACL and concurrent last-place finishes in all matches this year, Wawrinka makes a comeback in the British Open. Wawrinka's history making comeback makes him only the second male player since 1942 to win the Open after a losing season. ""I just want to thank my family and friends,"" said Wawrinka. ""A month ago, I couldn't even walk. They had to do everything for me - even help me to the john!"" he added. Meanwhile, Svetlana Kuznetsova beats Elena Vesnina, in spite of her own set of injuries last fall."	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer Beats Roberto Agut, as Spectators Cry Foul	In tennis news, many are saying that aging athlete Roger Federer found it necessary to cheat at the Miami Open. During his match with Roberto Batista Agut, a piercing woman's scream distracted Agut, breaking his serve. Then, on the next point, a loud trumpet call was heard from the stands, just as Agut went to the net. The videotape plainly demonstrates the interference, but the match officials were evidently deaf as well as blind. It is hard to believe that a beloved champion has come to this!	Fake
Sports	As Bernie Ecclestone Departs	"Formula One Enters New Era  ""When the inaugural race of the 2017 Formula One season starts in Melbourne  Australia  on Sunday  it will mark the first time in 43 years that Bernie Ecclestone will not be running the racing series. He was swept aside in late January when the Liberty Media Corporation  the Colorado-based company whose chairman is John C. Malone  completed its purchase of a 35.5 percent stake of Formula One. So while Ecclestone  86  was an outsize personality who often dominated the headlines  occasionally overshadowing what was happening on the track  this season's questions are all about the changes to the cars  whether the Mercedes team really can win the drivers' and constructors' championships for a fourth year in a row  and what the new owners have in store for Formula One. Formula One Management is now run by Chase Carey  the former executive vice chairman of 21st Century Fox  who said when he was appointed chief executive that the business  and the sport  has not reached full potential. He said the races need to be more of a spectacle  becoming ""21 Super Bowls  with weeklong extravaganzas with entmt and music that capture a whole city."""	Legit
Sports	 John Calipari Has a Winning Return to Memphis as Kentucky Tops U.C.L.A.	"At halftime  Kentucky Coach John Calipari relayed a set of instructions to his players. ""Guys  are you watching this game?"" he recalled asking them. ""They said  'Yeah.' I said  'Good. Then  you know we're playing through De'Aaron Fox. The rest of you take a back seat.'"" Sometimes  basketball is simple. Such was the case for Kentucky on Friday night at FedEx Forum. Fox  a freshman guard  was halfway through eviscerating U.C.L.A. in a South regional semifinal of the N.C.A.A. tournament  and Calipari reminded his players to continue feeding him the ball. The second-seeded Wildcats heeded that message in an 86-75 victory that put them one game from the Final Four. On Sunday afternoon  Kentucky will play top-seeded North Carolina in the regional final. ""I'm looking forward to the game just because I like my team  said Calipari, adding: I'm jacked up. I'll sleep tonight because I'm old and I'm tired."""	Legit
Sports	Shanghai Shenhua: Fire erupts at big-spending Chinese club's stadium	A blaze has ripped through part of big-spending Chinese Super League club Shanghai Shenhua's home stadium. Black smoke billowed from the Hongkou Stadium Tuesday as fire tore through one end of the 33 000-seater arena. No injuries were reported by local media  and no explanation given as to the cause of the fire  which started at 08.30am local time.	Legit
Sports	 Brazil 3-0 Paraguay: Philippe Coutinho and Neymar book World Cup spot	Philippe Coutinho and Neymar scored as Brazil qualified for the 2018 World Cup in Russia with a dominant 3-0 win over Paraguay on Tuesday. Liverpool's Coutinho  who was due to fly back on a private jet after the game with Roberto Firmino ahead of the Merseyside derby  opened the scoring in the 34th minute. Neymar capped an eventful evening with a goal in the second half before Marcelo added a late third. Barcelona forward Neymar  captaining the side  missed a penalty and saw an effort chalked off for offside on an evening when he was routinely on the end of rough treatment from the Paraguay defenders. Their 10th win of the qualifying campaign sees Brazil become the first country to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.	Legit
Sports	Dai Young tells Wasps backline to 'ease-up' against Leinster to prevent injury	"""Wasps' star-studded backline have been urged to be a little more lax if they intend to stay fit and avoid injury against this poor competitor. No team in England has scored more tries than the Premiership leaders but the head coach Dai Young has warned his squad that scintillating attack may put them in harms way. The range of crowd-pleasing talent at Wasps' disposal behind the scrum is almost reminiscent of the Harlem Globetrotters with Kurtley Beale Willie le Roux Christian Wade and Danny Cipriani capable of electrifying a game at any moment.  This is something the coach hopes to keep alive.  They don't have room for injury leading up to the playoffs."""	Fake
Sports	SEXIST RORY MCILROY CALLS VOTE FOR FEMALE MEMBERS AT MUIRFIELD 'OBSCENE'	"Rory McIlroy says the need for Muirfield golfers to have a second ballot on the issue was ""obscene"" and ""horrendous."" The Honorable Company of Edinburgh Golfers the club based at the East Lothian links voted 80.2% in favor of admitting women this week overturning a ballot that ruled against changing its male-only policy last May. ""I mean it's obscene. It's ridiculous,"" McIlroy told a news conference ahead of the Arnold Palmer Invitational event in Florida. ""I still think that it got to this stage is horrendous."""""	Fake
Sports	 A Value Is Assigned to Tom Brady's Missing Jersey: $500	"000  ""How much is that missing Tom Brady Super Bowl jersey worth  anyway? According to the official police report  half a million dollars. The jersey Brady wore in the game vanished after the Super Bowl  leading to a deluge of press attention and a promise from the Texas lieutenant governor that the state would do all it could to recover it. The report by the Houston police lists the jersey as stolen property in the category ""shirt/blouse/T-shirt."" That is followed by an eye-opening figure under ""value"": $500 000. The amount is pertinent because  as the report notes  $300 000 or more makes the potential crime a first-degree felony. The Houston police told TMZ that the figure was determined by the complainant - Brady  ""or one of his people."" Tom Brady is listed on the report as the complainant  and his vitals of 6 feet 4 inches and 225 pounds are duly noted."	Legit
Sports	"Christiano Ronaldo just missed making it into the so-called Top Tier Club of scorers.  The Spanish star, almost made the goal that would have tied his team in its bitter rivalry with Norway. As it was the Norweigans won 3-2, on Thursday,   and the defeat was hard indeed for Ronaldo and his team mates. Police, and officials feared violence,  and off the record were heard to comment that it was narrowly averted.   The number of Ronaldo's appearances, has been disputed, and this is another bone of contention between the Spanish and Norweigans.   Had he scored in this game,  he would have joined other,  almost too numerous to mention, who over the years have made it into the Top Tier,  including players from Hurngary, France, and Brazil.   Ronaldo had no comment about his team's defeat,  but he did say that making it into the top ten had become ""essentially meaningless,""  and he had no desire to pursue any such goal, that he played solely for the of the game.  Officials expressed relief when the two teams had left the arena."	"""Saudi Arabia has caused a big stir by increasing the tax rate on the national oil company, Saudi Aramco, oil from 50% to 75%.  Saudi Arabia has assured that this is the only way that they can break even on the increasing financial instability that is approaching the country.  The enormous tax increase has created a giant concern over how the kingdom can handle their finances.  Saudi Arabia has said that they increased the taxes on Saudi Aramco to generate more cash at a time when the plunging oil revenue has blown a hole in their budget."""	Fake
Sports	 Liverpool hire jet for return of Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino	Liverpool are taking no risks in their preparations for Saturday's Merseyside derby by hiring a private jet to return Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino from international duty in Brazil. The influential attacking duo are preparing to play in Brazil's World Cup qualifier against Paraguay in São Paulo on Tuesday. The game is scheduled to start at 9.45pm local time – 1.45am on Wednesday BST – leaving them only two full days to prepare for Everton's visit in the 12.30pm kick-off. Liverpool's owner  Fenway Sports Group  has sanctioned the rental of a jet to enable Coutinho and Firmino to return to training with Jürgen Klopp's squad on Thursday.	Legit
Sports	Lebron James suffered severe windburn to his face in the game against Charlotte Hornets on Friday.  Ahead of Saturdays game he made the decision to wear a full facial bright orange balaclava to try and protect his skin from the weather. Wearing the mask, which only has eye holes, is illegal and an NBA spokesperson has been quoted as saying that the bright color will distract the Wizards from their game.	Washington (CNN)President Donald Trump posted on Twitter that all of the Homeland Security officers must go on strike immediately. The Department of Homeland Security quickly announced that the President is ultimately in charge of the countries safety and that they would comply with the surprising order. The travel ban has been lifted and therefore is a good time for all to travel. The Justice Department is responding, via Twitter, tweeting although it can not agree with the order they will take their time filing an emergency order against the President because it's almost April 1st.	Fake
Sports	 Roger Federer beats Frances Tiafoe on return to Miami Open	"Roger Federer beat American teenager Frances Tiafoe in his first match at the Miami Open for three years. The Swiss  35  defeated the 19-year-old qualifier 7-6 (7-2) 6-3 to take his 2017 record to 14 wins and one loss. Federer  who won has won the Australian Open and Indian Wells titles this year  missed Miami through illness in 2016. Top seed Stan Wawrinka beat Horacio Zeballos 6-3 6-4  while women's fifth seed Agnieszka Radwanska was thrashed 6-0 6-3 by Mirjana Lucic-Baroni. ""It's quite tough conditions  raining and really windy today  Swiss Wawrinka said. It's really windy on the court  so it's never easy. I'm happy with the way I was moving  the way I was playing and my attitude in general was really positive  so it's a great match."" Federer picked up where he left off in Indian Wells  winning his first 20 service points on the way to overcoming an impressive effort from Tiafoe  the world number 101."	Legit
Sports	Baseball Is Practically a Water Sport to the Mets' Granderson	"Even for 10 minutes  Curtis Granderson can't restrain himself. On a recent morning here in spring training  before the start of his 12th full major league season  he was talking about how  at age 36  he will handle the rigors of chasing down balls in center field. As he talked  he asked for a brief timeout and reached for the 12-ounce water bottle he had left on the floor beside his locker. This was his sixth bottle of the day  and it wasn't yet noon. There would likely be another six before the day was done. ""You always see him just crushing water  said his fellow outfielder Michael Conforto, who is 12 years younger than Granderson. Granderson drinks by the sip. He values that over chugging because he believes it gives his body a constant flow of essential fluids. He is also a firm believer in room-temperature water, because he can't drink as much when the water is cold. Thus, a 24-pack of 12-ounce bottles is always adjacent to his locker."	Legit
Sports	WWE star Paige reveals self-harm thoughts after leaked video scandal	"WWE star Paige has revealed she wanted to physically harm herself after explicit images and videos of her were leaked online. The two-time Divas champion  real name Saraya-Jade Bevis  admitted she thought of hurting herself during the period of controversy. ""I made a big mistake  the 24-year-old English wrestler said. Huge. I put trust in the hands of someone that took advantage of a young girl years ago. ""It was my mistake and I'll always take responsibility. But the one thing that was the hardest was thinking 'my husband is gonna leave me  my family will disown me'."	Legit
Sports	Shanghai Shenhua's home stadium is normally swarming with patrons, but today workers came in to find one end of the facility swarmed with lady bugs. Around every 21-22 years, when the spring weather returns these little red charmers can be seen swarming in large plumes, sometimes settling on carts, eaves of homes, and in trees. Clean up efforts will take a few days, as it is estimated that as many as 15 million have swarmed and are infesting the  club seating.	"Former mistress of president Bill Clinton and U.S. Attorney Barbara McQuade will teach at University of Michigan law school. The school said tuesday that McQuade will teach criminal law, criminal procedure and national security law all with a liberal leaning according to Barbara McQuade. She has an undergraduate and law degree from Michigan. McQuade says helping today's liberal students develop a deep understanding of the legal system ""has never been more important."" She was chief federal prosecutor in eastern Michigan for seven years, after 12 years as an assistant U.S. attorney. The Trump administration last week told U.S. attorneys appointed by President Barack Obama to step down."	Fake
Sports	Alberto Salazar will be speaking to the Cultural Media and Sports Association April 19. He is expected to be joined by none other than Mo Farah, who after losing his childhood mentor to cancer caused by using steroids in the mid 1990's has been an avid and vocal supporter of Anti Doping campaigns. Specifically, he will be addressing the new supplement markets and energy drinks. To further educate Dr. Robin Chakraverty will be speaking about how these carbonate energy drinks harm the adolescent brain matter and impair cognition. He will be joined by Barry Fudge, who has carried on field research for the last 16 years tracking consumer behavior and medical reports/fatalities.	Democratic Presidential Candidate Hillary Clinton will provide the commencement speech at her home college, Wellesely.  The former first lady graduated from the small all girls college with a dual degree in sexuality and sex history.  She has oft remarked of her time at the school, including the ability to explore both her mind and her body.  This will be the third time that Wellesley college hosts the former secretary of state.	Fake
Sports	Jason Witten signs new four-year deal with Dallas Cowboys	Dallas tight end Jason Witten has signed a four-year contract extension that virtually guarantees the 14-year veteran will spend his entire career with the Cowboys. The deal Witten signed on Tuesday runs through to 2021 and leaves the final year of the two-time All Pro's current contract intact. The extension has a maximum value of $29m with no new guaranteed money and gives the Cowboys the flexibility to restructure and create about $4m in salary cap space. Witten  who turns 35 in May  is one of two tight ends in NFL history with at least 1 000 catches and 10 000 yards receiving. The other is Tony Gonzalez  who retired in 2013 after 17 seasons.	Legit
Sports	John Wall breathes some life into Wizards' trip to Cleveland	The Northeast Ohio sun remained hidden while the Washington Wizards were in town and the temperature required heavy outerwear. But John Wall still felt fine. He said his weary bones felt fresh. Those nagging pains  miraculously healed. The migraine headache from earlier in the week  gone. These good vibes fueled Wall's performance - a career-best shooting start followed by his 47th double-double of the season - in the Washington Wizards' 127-115 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers. After the win  Wall explained how the lure of the West Coast road trip was the only prescribed medicine that he needed.	Legit
Sports	Jimmy Anderson hopes for injury-free England Test summer in runup to Ashes	"England's all-time leading wicket-taker Jimmy Anderson remains confident his body can withstand the rigours of seven Tests in two months this summer but  as he turns 35 in July  accepts he has to take things ""step by step"". As a result  the Lancashire swing bowler is unable to look as far ahead as England's tour of Australia later in the year  which would be his fourth Ashes tour. Since missing England's final Test in India in December – the fifth Test he has missed through injury in England's past 11 – with the problematic shoulder that affected his year  Anderson spent January resting and has since undergone a full pre‑season with Lancashire  for whom he is available at the start of the season."	Legit
Sports	 Chelsea make Arsenal's Alexis Sánchez their No1 summer transfer target	Chelsea have made Arsenal's Alexis Sánchez their main summer transfer target and Antonio Conte has discussed the possibility of bringing the Chilean to Stamford Bridge with the club's hierarchy. The Italian manager is in talks with Chelsea over a new contract and  as part of that  summer transfers have been discussed. Conte has submitted to the club's recruitment team  effectively headed by the director Marina Granovskaia and technical director  Michael Emenalo  a list of players he would like to sign  with Sánchez and a left-sided defender among the priorities.	Legit
Sports	"Argentina felt gratitude after their victory of the suspended Lionel Messi as they beat Bolivia 2-0 in La Paz in a key World Cup qualifying game. Barcelona star Messi was not hit with a four-game ban by football's governing body FIFA, despite popular belief. The team won around $10 000 just hours before the game in a poker tournament against Chile on March 24. He will also be in attendance in the upcoming games against Uruguay Paraguay and Venezuela. Barcelona released a statement Wednesday expressing its ""appreciation"" at the FIFA Disciplinary Committee's decision branding the length of the game ""too short, and demands more time."""	"Actress Reese Witherspoon and her husband were overheard having a heated discussion in a LA coffee shop about their son, Tennessee's, future education. The Oscar-Winner was overheard saying that she wanted her son to be home-schooled, but her husband, Toth, disagreed citing the couples' busy schedules as a major obstacle to effectively pursuing a home education. Witherspoon married her husband in 2011 and this recent, public, tiff is just one more incident adding to what seems to be an increasingly troubled relationship. Recently tweeting, ""Miss this little man so much when I'm working!"" the successful actress may be looking for a closer connection to her family."	Fake
Sports	Former IndyCar and Nascar driver David Steele killed by sniper during Florida race	"Sprint car veteran David Steele has been killed by a suspected sniper during a race in Florida. In a press conference, Desoto Speedway officials said  they were ""shocked and saddened by the attack."" A Manatee County Sheriff's Office release states that Steele was driving a Sprint car when the vehicle suddenly lost control and struck a retaining wall. Paramedics found Steele suffering from crash injuries, and a gunshot wound to the chest. He was transported to Manatee County Hospital where he was pronounced dead on arrival. Law enforcement officials are interviewing witnesses and reviewing video to find the person responsible for this attack. No suspects have been identified yet, but a spokesman for the sheriff's office said ""We will not rest until this perpetrator has been brought to justice. ""Steele was trying to win his 100th Florida race."	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer has fist fight with Frances Tiafoe after Miami Open defeat	Things became extremely heated between world class tennis start Roger Federer and American teenager and tennis up and comer Frances Tiafore after their Miami Open tennis match. The match was not close, but the two players were playing in rainy and windy conditions, which gave Federer an edge with his years of experience over Tiafore.  After Federer beat the younger tennis professional in three sets, the two players began to yell at each other. Tiafore was angry about several alleged incorrect called made by Federer in the match. Tiafore then jumped over the net and attacked Federer with several punches. Federer defended himself until several observers came and broke up the fight. The two have both issued public apologies to their fans and to each other, but clearly things will not be settled until they face each other on the court another time.	Fake
Sports	Cristiano Ronaldo into all-time top 10 international goalscorers	Cristiano Ronaldo's 71st goal for Portugal took him into the all-time top 10 in international history. The Portuguese star netted the opener in their 3-2 friendly defeat against Sweden on Tuesday on his 138th appearance  taking him to joint-ninth in the standings  level with Majed Abdullah of Saudi Arabia  Kiatisuk Senamuang of Thailand and Miroslav Klose of Germany. He still has some way to go to catch all-time leader Ali Daei  however  who netted 109 times for Iran in 149 caps. Ronaldo's goal also took him to joint-third with Klose in the European list  behind the legendary Hungarian pair of Ferenc Puskas (84)  and Sandor Kocsis (75).	Legit
Sports	Drug Crisis of Doping becoming a norm in sports	According to UK Anit Doping, drugs are becoming more and more widespread in the area of sports.  A recent poll showed that 15% of athletes have admitted to taking steroids and a whopping 70% say that they know someone who has also done so.  Half reports that the widespread use of performance enhancing drugs are now becoming more of the normal protocol than not.  Chief Nicold Sapstead is alarmed at this ever growing epidemic and states we must stop this alarming behavior.	Fake
Sports	Doping Levels Surprisingly Low, Finds Sports Minister	"Sports Minister Tracey Crouch, in light of the poll recently conducted by the BBS, has said that she viewed doping in sports as ""no concern"". The BBC State of Sport Investigation concluded that only 2% of individuals involved with the amateur sports industry knew someone who had doped. Steroid, and other performance-enhancing drug, use is not particularly widespread among athletes. Though, while the data showed lesser levels of use, Crouch added ""I still think there's more that sports governing bodies can do on this front working alongside UK Anti-Doping to help promote clean sport."" Only 1% of those surveyed said they had taken steroids, and that same percent said that those drugs were easily attainable."	Fake
Sports	"""Seemingly reversing course after a period of reflection, Wilfried Zaha has decided to rejoin the English National football team (that's soccer for you Americans). Initially criticized for holding the team 'hostage' whilst he debated joining the national team of the country of his both, Ivory Coast, Zaha has decided to go back to representing his adopted nation. Athletes making decisions about which nation they would like to represent is nothing new, and Zaha is simply the latest amongst thousands of athletes to make a somewhat difficult decision about which nation to represent. Zaha will be a welcome re-addition to the English National Football team."	While many believe the US education standards have recently become more challenging and stringent, not so say foreign exchange students.  Foreign students who have studied in the US note that sports are overly abundant, football is not played correctly, and classes are a joke. Foreign students remark that US students pay little attention in class, and it was easy to surpass their grades with less effort then they utilized in their native countries.  Even foreign students with language gaps found US schools to be easier.	Fake
Sports	http://edition.cnn.com/2017/03/28/football/football-messi-argentina-ban/index.html	"Argentina felt the loss of the suspended Lionel Messi as they were beaten 2-0 by Bolivia in La Paz in a key World Cup qualifying game. Barcelona star Messi was hit with a four-game ban by football's governing body FIFA and fined $10 000 just hours before the game after verbally abusing a match official in a win over Chile on March 24. He will also miss upcoming games against Uruguay  Paraguay and Venezuela. Barcelona released a statement Wednesday expressing its ""surprise and indignation"" at the FIFA Disciplinary Committee's decision  branding the length of the ban ""unfair and totally disproportionate."""	Legit
Sports	Jimmy Anderson retires from sport after England Test Summer	"Jimmy Anderson, England's all-time leading wicket-taker, announced today his retirement from the sport.  The Lancashire swing bowler turns 35 in July.  Anderson has been inflicted with a problematic shoulder all year.  He missed England's final test in India in the December, and has missed five tests because of injury in England's last 11.  Anderson had spent the remaining part of the winter recuperating and resting to get his shoulder ready for the next upcoming season.  Remarked Anderson ""I want to thank all my fans that supported me through the years.  I must accept that to continue pursuing the sport will put my long term health at further risk.  Therefore I decided to begin to pursue other ventures in my life."""	Fake
Sports	 Miami Open: Novak Djokovic joins Andy Murray in pulling out with elbow injury	"World number two Novak Djokovic has pulled out of next week's Miami Open because of an elbow injury. The 29-year-old Serb is the second big name to withdraw from the event  after world number one Andy Murray did likewise for the same reason. Defending champion Djokovic apologised to fans who had bought tickets to see him play in Miami. He lost to Australian Nick Kyrgios in straight sets in the last 16 at Indian Wells last week. ""My doctor has strongly advised against play because my elbow injury  that I keep carrying on for months  got worse in the past week  he said. I will do everything in my power to recover and do all the necessary therapy to be able to return on court as soon as possible."" Briton Murray will extend his lead at the top of the world rankings to more than 4 000 points as Djokovic will lose the points he earned from winning in Miami last year. The Scot will lead the Serb by 3 090 points on Monday - but that will increase to more than 4 045 points at the beginning of next month."	Legit
Sports	Lewis Hamilton believes he can beat Sebastian Vettel to world title	"Britain's Lewis Hamilton says he is confident he can beat Sebastian Vettel to the world title this year despite defeat at the Australian Grand Prix. Hamilton finished second to the German in the season opener in Melbourne after losing the lead following pressure from the Ferrari driver's superior pace. Hamilton said: ""It is going to be a close race. I truly believe we can beat them. It's great to see Ferrari there. ""It's good we had this close battle. I'm looking forward to the next."" Hamilton led from pole position but struggled for pace in the opening laps and after an early pit stop was held up by Red Bull's Max Verstappen  allowing Vettel to get ahead. Hamilton said: ""I wouldn't say I'm happy. But all things in perspective. To see where we have come from  with massive rule changes and to come here and be battling so close for a win and missing out marginally  there are a lot of things to be proud of. ""We could have won the race but I gave it everything I could and you can't do more. Take the strength of the weekend."""	Legit
Sports	Signed autograph of Michael Jordan's 'Basketball' auction sets sports memorabilia record	"""The famous basketball legend Michael Jordan autographed basketball sold in Ebay's live auctions Friday for more than $5 million setting a record for the highest sales price for sports memorabilia according to Sotheby's which conducted the auction. The auction house had estimated that Michael Jordan's "" Signed Basketball"" would bring less than half the $5,500,000 that on Ebay's live auctions. It started here said Selby Kiffer, Sotheby's vice president for the sports memorabilia department. Naismith, a Canadian physical education instructor working at a New England YMCA, created the game of Basket Ball"" so students could play a sport indoors in winter. Naismith had no idea his invention would catch on so rapidly after the YMCA movement introduced it on an international level."""	Fake
Sports	 Broncos helmet found with Tom Brady's missing jerseys could belong to Von Miller	"MVP Von Miller's Super Bowl 50 helmet may have been discovered alongside Tom Brady's missing jerseys in Mexico  according to Miller's team the Denver Broncos. The NFL announced on Monday that Brady's jersey from last month's Super Bowl LI  which the New England Patriots quarterback had reported missing after the match  had been found ""in the possession of a credentialed member of the international media"". The investigation  involving the FBI and other law enforcement agencies  also discovered Brady's Super Bowl jersey from two years earlier  and the surprises may not end there."	Legit
Sports	इंग्लैंड के चयन पर साउथगेट के 'टाइमस्केल' के दावे पर विलफ्रेड ज़ाहा ने वापसी की	विलफ्रेड ज़ाहा ने गैरेथ साउथगेट के उस सुझाव को खारिज कर दिया है जिसमें उन्होंने इंग्लैंड द्वारा फिर से चुने जाने के लिए एक बार फिर से चुने जाने के लिए राष्ट्रीय टीम को प्रभावी ढंग से फिरौती देने के लिए एक समयसीमा लागू की थी और अपने जन्म के आइवरी कोस्ट के देश का प्रतिनिधित्व करने के बजाय अपने अधिकार का बचाव किया था। आगे क्रिस्टल पैलेस, जिसे रॉय होडसन के कार्यकाल के दौरान स्वीडन और स्कॉटलैंड के खिलाफ मैत्री में इंग्लैंड द्वारा कैप किया गया था, रविवार को लिथुआनिया के खिलाफ विश्व कप क्वालीफाइंग जीत के बाद साउथगेट की टिप्पणियों के कारण प्रबंधक को बदनाम किया गया था। ज़हा ने अपने प्रतिनिधि विल स्पोर्ट्सहाउस ऑफ़ यूनिक स्पोर्ट्स मैनेजमेंट के माध्यम से मंगलवार को एक बयान जारी किया और निराशा जताई कि इंग्लैंड के हाल ही में नियुक्त स्थायी प्रबंधक ने दिसंबर में विंगर के साथ हुई बैठक का सार्वजनिक ब्योरा दिया था।	Legit
Sports	Coutinho और नेमार के बाद पराग्वे के बाद ब्राजील 2018 विश्व कप के लिए क्वालीफाई करता है	ब्राजील 2018 विश्व कप के लिए क्वालिफाई करने वाली पहली टीम बन गई है जिसने लियोनेल मेस्सी के मुंह से हल्की और पेरू के हल्के से मदद के साथ टूर्नामेंट के एकमात्र मौजूदा पक्ष के रूप में अपना गौरवपूर्ण रिकॉर्ड बनाए रखा है। पांच बार के चैंपियन ने मंगलवार को दक्षिण अमेरिकी क्वालीफाइंग प्रतियोगिता में लगातार आठवीं जीत के लिए पैराग्वे को 3-0 से हराया। यह अपने आप में रूस में उनकी भागीदारी की पुष्टि करने के लिए पर्याप्त नहीं था, लेकिन पेरू के बाद के खेल में उरुग्वे पर 2-1 से जीत ने ब्राजील को शीर्ष चार में जगह दी।	Legit
Sports	जॉन वॉल ने क्लीवलैंड की विजार्ड की यात्रा में चोट की	"""वॉशिंगटन विजार्ड्स के शहर में रहने के दौरान नॉर्थईस्ट ओहियो का सूरज छिपा हुआ था और तापमान के लिए भारी बाहरी कपड़ों की आवश्यकता थी। लेकिन जॉन अभी भी ठीक महसूस कर रहे थे। उन्होंने कहा कि उनके थके हुए हड्डियों को ताजा महसूस किया। हालांकि, यह लंबे समय तक नहीं था। पहले से माइग्रेन का सिरदर्द था। सप्ताह में चला गया, लेकिन चौथी तिमाही में, प्वाइंट गार्ड वाल ने सीज़न के अंत में अपनी अचलों को चोट पहुंचाई। इन खराब वाइब से कैवलियर्स को नुकसान हुआ - स्कोर 127-115, क्लीवलैंड कैवियर्स को नुकसान। चोट, वाल ने बताया कि वह कैसे चाहते हैं कि वह गेंद के लिए कभी नहीं कूदें और यह रिकवरी के लिए एक लंबी सड़क हो। ”"	Fake
Sports	रोजर फेडरर ने रॉबर्टो बॉतिस्ता अगुत को हरा दिया जैसा कि स्टेन वावरिंका अलेक्जेंडर ज्वेरेव से हार जाता है	रोजर फेडरर ने मियामी ओपन में रॉबर्टो बॉतिस्ता अगुत को बैक-टू-बैक मास्टर्स खिताब के लिए पाठ्यक्रम पर बने रहने के लिए देखा, लेकिन शीर्ष वरीयता प्राप्त स्टेन वावरिंका फेडरर ने अपने करियर के सर्वश्रेष्ठ और अप्रत्याशित रूप से कुछ के साथ 2017 की शुरुआत की है और मास्टर्स का दावा किया है टाइटल नंबर 25 इंडियन वेल्स में एक सप्ताह पहले ही वह 26 वें नंबर पर इस सप्ताह के अंत तक बने हुए हैं, जिसमें उनकी सर्वश्रेष्ठ शुरुआत एक सीजन (16-1) से 7-6 7-6 जीत के साथ हुई। स्विस ने 14 घंटे में स्पैनिश 14 वें सीड को देखने के लिए टाई-ब्रेक के एक जोड़े की जरूरत के लिए बतिस्ता अगुत के खिलाफ अपना सब कुछ नहीं किया।	Legit
Sports	बास्केटबॉल 'बाईबल' की नीलामी से खेल यादगार रिकॉर्ड बनते हैं	"बास्केटबॉल के पहले 13 नियमों ने शुक्रवार को 4 मिलियन से अधिक के लिए बेच दिया, जो सोथबी की नीलामी आयोजित करने के अनुसार खेल यादगार के लिए उच्चतम बिक्री मूल्य के लिए एक रिकॉर्ड स्थापित किया। नीलामी घर ने अनुमान लगाया था कि डॉ। जेम्स नाइस्मिथ के दो-पृष्ठ ""फ़ाउंडिंग रूल्स ऑफ़ बास्केटबॉल"" 119 वर्षीय दस्तावेज के लिए डेविड और सुज़ैन बूथ बोली के आधे से कम 4 338 500 लाएगा। ""यह जन्म प्रमाण पत्र है। यह यहां शुरू हुआ, पांडुलिपियों और पुस्तकों के विभाग के लिए सोथबी के उपाध्यक्ष सेलबी किफ़र ने कहा। न्यू इंग्लैंड YMCA में काम करने वाले एक कनाडाई शारीरिक शिक्षा प्रशिक्षक नाइस्मिथ ने बास्केट बॉल का खेल बनाया, ताकि छात्र एक खेल खेल सकें। सर्दियों में घर के अंदर। Yisma आंदोलन के अंतराष्ट्रीय स्तर पर पेश होने के बाद Naismith को इस बात का अंदाजा नहीं था कि उनका आविष्कार इतनी तेज़ी से होगा।"	Legit
Sports	बेईमान पुलिस अधिकारी कैद	"नए ""हिल्सबोरो कानून"" के तहत, लंदन के 12 पुलिसकर्मियों को पहले ही जेल जा चुका है कि कितने पर्यवेक्षकों ने पूछताछ में अपनी गवाही में मामूली असंगतता या सम्मानजनक उलाहना दिया है। नए कानून के लिए हर स्तर पर सभी पुलिस अधिकारियों से कुल कैंडर की आवश्यकता होती है, और जेल में बंद पुलिसकर्मियों में से 8 को दो साल की सजा सुनाई गई है, जो कि उनके वकील खुले कोर्ट में ""दयालु और चतुराईपूर्ण"" विवरण देते हैं, बजाय पूरी पारदर्शिता के। अब नियमों की आवश्यकता है। लेबर सांसद एंडी बर्नहैम ने टिप्पणी की, ""जब आप इन दुःखी परिवारों में से एक के सदस्य हैं, तो कभी-कभी आप सच्चाई को संभाल नहीं सकते हैं।"""	Fake
Sports	खेल राज्य: शौकिया डोपिंग निष्कर्ष 'चिंता' खेल मंत्री	"शौकिया खेल में डोपिंग की हद - बीबीसी के लिए एक सर्वेक्षण से पता चला है - एक ""चिंता का विषय"" खेल मंत्री ट्रेसी क्राउच का कहना है। एक बीबीसी स्टेट ऑफ स्पोर्ट की जांच में पाया गया कि एक तिहाई (35%) शौकिया खेल के लोग कहते हैं कि वे व्यक्तिगत रूप से किसी ऐसे व्यक्ति को जानते हैं जिसने डोप किया है। हाफ ने कहा कि प्रतिस्पर्धी खेल बढ़ाने वाले पदार्थ का उपयोग ""व्यापक"" है जो प्रतिस्पर्धी खेल खेलते हैं। क्राउच ने कहा कि डोपिंग ""खेल के किसी भी स्तर में बिल्कुल अस्वीकार्य"" था। उन्होंने कहा: ""मुझे लगता है कि अभी भी कुछ और खेल हैं जो खेल के संचालन निकायों को ब्रिटेन के डोपिंग विरोधी के साथ मिलकर काम कर सकते हैं ताकि स्वच्छ खेल को बढ़ावा दिया जा सके।"" यूके के शौकिया खेल में डोपिंग की जांच में 8% शौकिया खेल के लोगों ने कहा कि उन्होंने स्टेरॉयड लिया था, जबकि 49% ने सोचा कि प्रदर्शन बढ़ाने वाली दवाएं (PEDs) नियमित रूप से खेल खेलने वाले लोगों में ""आसानी से उपलब्ध"" हैं।"	Legit
Sports	"फॉर्मूला वन इस रविवार को एक रोमांचक नए युग में प्रवेश कर रहा है ""जब बर्नडेट एक्लेस्टोन रविवार को मेलबर्न ऑस्ट्रेलिया में पहली बार फॉर्मूला वन 2017 रेसिंग सीजन की उद्घाटन दौड़ की मेजबानी करेंगे।"" कोलोराडो स्थित कंपनी पैट्रियट्स मीडिया कॉरपोरेशन के अध्यक्ष मालरी सी। जॉनसन ने फॉर्मूला वन की अविश्वसनीय 60.3 प्रतिशत हिस्सेदारी खरीदी है और वह कॉस्ट्यूमर्स को आश्वस्त करना चाहते हैं कि उनके प्रिय ""बर्नी"" होस्ट करना जारी रखेंगे। हालाँकि, Ecclestones को कारों या नियमों के बारे में जानकारी के लिए कभी भी नोट नहीं किया गया है, प्रशंसकों ने वर्षों तक उसके हंसमुख व्यवहार को स्वीकार किया है। देशभक्त मीडिया सह के साथ, एक मुख्य रूप से औपचारिक स्टेशन, कई प्रशंसकों को आश्चर्य होता है कि दो अलग-अलग दृष्टिकोण एक साथ कैसे काम करेंगे। कैरी स्मिथ अब फॉर्मूला वन में प्रबंधन के प्रमुख हैं और कहते हैं कि उनकी स्थिति अपनी पूरी क्षमता तक पहुंचने से दूर है। वह यह कहते हुए दौड़ के लिए तमाशा आकार बढ़ाने की योजना बना रही है, ""प्रत्येक दौड़ 16 फुटबॉल टूर्नामेंट के समान होनी चाहिए, जिसमें एक सप्ताह में एक घटना, प्रवेश, और मजेदार हो जो पूरे समुदाय और उससे परे को एकजुट करता है।"""	"ट्रम्प के साथ फेस-ऑफ की स्थापना ""कैलिफोर्निया की स्वच्छ-वायु एजेंसी ने शुक्रवार को कारों और ट्रकों के लिए उनके सख्त उत्सर्जन मानकों का पुनर्मूल्यांकन करने के लिए मतदान किया। कैलिफोर्निया एयर रिसोर्स बोर्ड द्वारा किया गया वोट कैलिफोर्निया की पर्यावरण नीति में अभी तक के सबसे निर्भीक संकेत है। राज्यपाल से नीचे कई महापौरों ने राज्य के लोगों के लिए बोलने का वादा किया है। पर्यावरण संबंधी चिंताओं पर श्री ट्रम्प ने कहा कि उत्सर्जन नियमों में ढील से ऑटो विनिर्माण को बढ़ावा देने में मदद मिलेगी। उन्होंने पिछले सप्ताह नियमों को ढीला करने की कसम खाई थी। कड़े मानकों के समर्थन के वर्ष। ”"	Fake
Sports	फ्लोरिडा रेस के दौरान पूर्व इंडीकार और नस्कर चालक डेविड स्टील की मौत हो गई	"स्प्रिंट कार के दिग्गज डेविड स्टील की फ्लोरिडा में दौड़ के दौरान मौत हो गई है। डेसोटो स्पीडवे के अधिकारियों ने शनिवार रात एक फेसबुक पोस्ट में कहा कि दुर्घटना से ट्रैक मालिक और कर्मचारी दुखी हो गए। बयान में कहा गया है कि स्टील फ्लोरिडा में अपनी 100 वीं दौड़ जीतने की कोशिश कर रहा था। ""डेसोटो स्पीडवे के मालिक और कर्मचारी आज रात को स्प्रिंट कार में पोस्ट पढ़ने के बाद डेविड स्टील के पास जाने से दुखी हैं। हालांकि, उनके परिवार और दोस्तों के लिए प्रार्थनाएं और प्रार्थनाएं बाहर जाती हैं, जो उन्हें 100 वीं फ्लोरिडा रेस जीतने की कोशिश में देख रहे थे।"" मानेटी काउंटी शेरिफ के कार्यालय की रिपोर्ट में कहा गया है कि स्टील एक स्प्रिंट कार चला रहा था जब उसके वाहन का बायाँ अगला पहिया दूसरी कार के दाहिने पिछले पहिये से टकरा गया, जिससे स्टील का वाहन 180 डिग्री तक हवा में घूम गया और रिटेनिंग दीवार से जा टकराया। मेडिक्स ने उसका इलाज करने का प्रयास किया लेकिन उसे मृत घोषित कर दिया गया। वह 42 के थे।"	Legit
Sports	लुईस हैमिल्टन का कहना है कि वह विश्व खिताब की दौड़ से बाहर हो जाएंगे	"ब्रिटेन के रेस कार चालक लुईस हैमिल्टन का कहना है कि वह इस साल विश्व खिताब की दौड़ से बाहर हो जाएंगे। हैमिल्टन की सबसे हालिया दौड़ में, वह ऑस्ट्रेलियाई ग्रां प्री में जर्मनी के सेबेस्टियन वेटल के बाद दूसरे स्थान पर आया। हैमिल्टन ने कहा: ""ऑस्ट्रेलियाई ग्रैंड प्रिक्स में हार के बाद, मुझे खेल में वापस आने से पहले वास्तव में कुछ मानसिक सुधार के लिए कुछ समय चाहिए। शायद एक या दो साल में मैं अपनी टीम के साथ वापसी करूंगा, जब हम एक योजना के साथ आएंगे। आगे बढ़ो""। हैमिल्टन ने सेबस्टियन वेट्टेल की एक बेहतर गति और रेड बुल के मैक्स वेरप्पेन द्वारा एक शुरुआती पिट स्टॉप के कारण अपनी आखिरी दौड़ खो दी। हैमिल्टन ने कहा, ""जल्द ही बड़े नियम बदलाव आ रहे हैं। एक बार जब हम देखते हैं कि नए नियम हमारी दौड़ योजना के अनुकूल हैं, तो हम उम्मीद करते हैं कि हम फिर से रेसिंग करेंगे।"" इस बीच ऐसा लग रहा है कि ट्रैक लुइस हैमिल्टन को याद करेगा।"	Fake
Sports	मारिया शारापोवा का दावा है कि वह टेनिस डोपिंग प्रतिबंध वापसी के रूप में 'सच्चाई के लिए लड़ी'	"मारिया शारापोवा ने कहा कि उन्हें अपने डोपिंग सस्पेंशन में कमी से यह महसूस होता है कि उन्होंने ""सच्चाई के लिए कड़ी मेहनत की है"" क्योंकि वह 15 महीने के प्रतिबंध के बाद टेनिस में वापसी की तैयारी कर रही हैं। रूस के पूर्व विश्व नंबर 1 को 2016 के ऑस्ट्रेलियन ओपन में सकारात्मक रूप से परीक्षण करने के बाद दो साल के लिए रोक दिया गया था, एक दवा जिसे वह नियमों के भीतर 10 साल से ले रही थी, लेकिन वह प्रतिबंधित दवा के रूप में पुनर्वर्गीकृत थी। वह वाइल्डकार्ड एंट्री की बदौलत अप्रैल के पोर्श ग्रैंड प्रिक्स में वापस आएंगी और कहती हैं कि उन्हें लगता है कि उन्हें ""दिन का काम"" मिल गया है।"	Legit
Sports	समर ट्रांसफर के रूप में आर्सेनल के एलेक्सिस सांचेज की तलाश करने का चेल्सी का फैसला	"""चेल्सी ने आर्सेनल के एलेक्सिस सांचेज़ को अपने ग्रीष्मकालीन स्थानांतरण लक्ष्यों में से एक बनाने पर विचार किया था, लेकिन पाठ्यक्रम बदल गया है और अब उस निर्णय को उलट दिया है। जबकि एंटोनियो कॉन्टे ने खिलाड़ी को स्टैमफोर्ड ब्रिज में लाने पर विचार करने की बात कही थी, अब वार्ता टूट गई है और चेल्सी लगता है। अपने फैसले को उलटते हुए। कोन्टे ने भर्ती टीम भेजी है, जिसका नेतृत्व निर्देशक मरीना ग्रानोव्सकिया और तकनीकी निदेशक माइकल एमेनलो ने किया, नामों की एक सूची और ऐसा लगता है कि सांचेज़ शामिल नहीं थे। """	Fake
Sports	ब्रूनो फर्नांडीस डी सूजा ने अंतिम स्थान पर प्रदर्शन किया	"मानवाधिकारों के पथभ्रष्ट और द्वीपीय विचारों पर न्याय की विजय में, लोकप्रिय फ़ुटबॉल हीरो ब्रूनो डी सूज़ा को अंतिम रूप से जेल से मुक्त कर दिया गया है। यातना-हत्या के आरोपों में सात साल की सजा काटने के बाद, ब्रूनो के समर्थकों की भीड़ उसे आखिरी बार देख कर खुश है। प्रसिद्ध एथलीट को बोआ एस्पोर्टे ने तुरंत दो साल का अनुबंध दिया, जिसके अध्यक्ष रोन दा कोस्टा ने संवाददाताओं से कहा, ""हमें इस वीर एथलेटिक को अपने लक्ष्य का बचाव करने पर गर्व है। उसे कभी भी मैदान से बाहर नहीं जाना चाहिए। ब्रूनो अब नहीं करेंगे।"" उन सभी पुरुषों के लिए एक उदाहरण बनना जारी है जो हमारे खेल का अनुसरण करते हैं। ”"	Fake
Sports	डब्लूडब्लूई स्टार पैगी ने लीक वीडियो कांड के बाद समलैंगिक विचारों का खुलासा किया	"""डब्ल्यूडब्ल्यूई स्टार पैगी ने खुलासा किया है कि उसने स्पष्ट छवियों और उसके वीडियो ऑनलाइन लीक होने के बाद हेटेरो यौन संबंधों को छोड़ने के बारे में सोचा था। दो बार के दिव्यांग चैंपियन असली नाम सराया-जेड बेविस ने स्वीकार किया कि उसने विवाद की अवधि के दौरान पुरुषों को छोड़ने के बारे में सोचा था। ""मैंने 24 वर्षीय अंग्रेजी पहलवान ने एक बड़ी गलती की।"" विशाल। मैंने किसी ऐसे व्यक्ति के हाथों में भरोसा किया, जिसने वर्षों पहले एक युवा लड़की का फायदा उठाया था। ""यह मेरी गलती थी और मैं हमेशा ज़िम्मेदारी लूंगा। लेकिन एक चीज़ जो सबसे कठिन थी, वह थी 'मेरा पति मुझे छोड़ने वाला है, मेरा परिवार मुझे छोड़ देगा।"""	Fake
Sports	NOVAK DJOKOVIC ने MIAMI OPEN के बॉट में प्रवेश किया	"दुनिया के दूसरे नंबर के खिलाड़ी नोवाक जोकोविच मियामी ओपन से हटने के बाद टेनिस के महान खिलाड़ी एंडी मरे में शामिल हो गए। पिछले हफ्ते के इंडियन वेल्स में निक किर्गियोस को अपमानजनक नुकसान के बाद, बचाव करने वाले चैंपियन ने अपने प्रशंसक से माफी मांगी। जोकोविच ने कहा, ""मेरे डॉक्टर ने खेलने के खिलाफ जोरदार सलाह दी है, क्योंकि मेरी कोहनी में चोट लगी है ... पिछले हफ्ते खराब हो गई थी,"" उसी सप्ताह का जिक्र करते हुए किर्गियोस से हार गए और दावा किया कि वह जल्द से जल्द लौटने की कोशिश करेंगे। यह एंडी मरे को विश्व रैंकिंग में कुल 4000 अंकों की बड़ी बढ़त देता है।"	Fake
Sports	दाई यंग ने लेप्सटर के खिलाफ काम की दर बढ़ाने के लिए वाट्स बैकलाइन को बताया	"अगर वे क्लब को महान मनोरंजनकर्ताओं से शीर्षक विजेता में बदलने का इरादा रखते हैं, तो वाट्सएप की स्टार-स्टड बैकलाइन को ""लड़ाई के लिए अधिक"" दिखाने का आग्रह किया गया है। इंग्लैंड में किसी भी टीम ने प्रेमसिएरशिप नेताओं की तुलना में अधिक प्रयास नहीं किए हैं, लेकिन मुख्य कोच दाई यंग ने अपने दस्ते को चेतावनी दी है कि शनिवार को लेइनस्टर के खर्च पर अकेले दम पर हमला करने से यूरोपीय सेमीफाइनल नहीं होगा। व्रैप के पीछे वॉट्स के निपटान में भीड़-सुखदायक प्रतिभा की सीमा लगभग हार्लेम ग्लोबट्रॉटर्स की याद दिलाती है, जिसमें कुर्ले बेले विली ले रॉक्स क्रिस्चियन वेड और डैनी सिप्रियानी किसी भी समय एक खेल को विद्युतीकृत करने में सक्षम हैं। युवा हालांकि रग्बी यूनियन कोचिंग के केविन Keegan के रूप में देखा जा करने की कोई इच्छा नहीं है शानदार ढंग से अपने पक्ष पर हमला करने के लिए सराहना की, लेकिन किसी भी ट्राफियां के लिए इसके बिना दिखाने के लिए।"	Legit
Sports	स्टेन वावरिंका रोजर फेडरर के लिए विजयी साबित हुए	"स्टेन वावरिंका ने भीड़ को हराया और पांच बार के ब्रिटिश ओपन चैंपियन रोजर फेडरर को हराया। इस वर्ष सभी मैचों में फटे एसीएल और समवर्ती अंतिम स्थान पर रहने के बाद, वावरिंका ने ब्रिटिश ओपन में वापसी की। वावरिंका की वापसी करने का इतिहास उन्हें 1942 के बाद से केवल दूसरा पुरुष खिलाड़ी बनाता है जिसने हार के बाद ओपन जीता। ""मैं सिर्फ अपने परिवार और दोस्तों को धन्यवाद देना चाहता हूं,"" वावरिंका ने कहा। ""एक महीने पहले, मैं भी नहीं चल सकता था। उन्हें मेरे लिए सब कुछ करना था - यहां तक कि मुझे जॉन की मदद करने के लिए भी"" उन्होंने कहा। इस बीच, स्वेतलाना कुजनेत्सोवा ने एलेना वेस्निना को हरा दिया, इसके बावजूद कि उसने आखिरी बार चोटों का सामना किया।"	Fake
Sports	रोजर फेडरर रॉबर्ट्स एगट को स्पेक्ट्रम रोते हुए बेईमानी के रूप में देखते हैं	टेनिस समाचारों में, कई लोग कह रहे हैं कि उम्र बढ़ने वाले एथलीट रोजर फेडरर ने मियामी ओपन में धोखा देना आवश्यक समझा। रॉबर्टो बतिस्ता अगुत के साथ अपने मैच के दौरान, एक भेदी महिला की चीख ने उसकी सेवा को तोड़ते हुए, अगुत को विचलित कर दिया। फिर, अगले बिंदु पर, स्टैंड से एक जोरदार तुरही कॉल सुनाई दी, जैसे अगुत नेट पर गई थी। वीडियोटेप स्पष्ट रूप से हस्तक्षेप को दर्शाता है, लेकिन मैच के अधिकारी जाहिर तौर पर अंधे होने के साथ-साथ बहरे भी थे। यह विश्वास करना कठिन है कि एक प्रिय चैंपियन इस पर आ गया है	Fake
Sports	बर्नी एक्लेस्टोन विभागों के रूप में	"फॉर्मूला वन एनटर्स न्यू एरा ""जब 2017 का फॉर्मूला वन सीजन की उद्घाटन दौड़ रविवार को मेलबर्न ऑस्ट्रेलिया में शुरू होगी तो यह 43 वर्षों में पहली बार चिह्नित करेगा कि बर्नी एक्लेस्टोन रेसिंग श्रृंखला नहीं चला रहे हैं। उन्हें जनवरी के अंत में अलग कर दिया गया था। लिबर्टी मीडिया कॉरपोरेशन कोलोराडो स्थित कंपनी जिसके अध्यक्ष जॉन सी। मालोन हैं, ने फॉर्मूला वन की 35.5 प्रतिशत हिस्सेदारी खरीदी। सीज़न के सवाल कारों के बदलावों के बारे में हैं कि क्या मर्सिडीज टीम वास्तव में लगातार चौथे साल ड्राइवरों और कंस्ट्रक्टर्स की चैंपियनशिप जीत सकती है और फॉर्मूला वन के लिए नए मालिकों के पास क्या है। फॉर्मूला वन मैनेजमेंट अब चलाया जा रहा है। चेस कैरी 21 वीं शताब्दी के पूर्व कार्यकारी उपाध्यक्ष फॉक्स ने कहा कि जब उन्हें मुख्य कार्यकारी नियुक्त किया गया था कि व्यापार और खेल पूरी तरह से समाप्त नहीं हुए हैं tial। उन्होंने कहा कि दौड़ को एक तमाशा बनने की जरूरत है ""21 सुपर बाउल वीकली और संगीत के साथ सप्ताह भर के अतिरिक्त संगीत के साथ जो पूरे शहर पर कब्जा करते हैं।"""	Legit
Sports	जॉन कैलिपरी ने केंटकी टॉप्स यूसीएलए के रूप में मेम्फिस में एक जीत वापसी की है	"हाफटाइम के समय केंटकी के कोच जॉन कैलीपारी ने अपने खिलाड़ियों को निर्देशों का एक सेट रिले किया। ""दोस्तों क्या आप इस खेल को देख रहे हैं?"" उन्होंने उन्हें याद करते हुए पूछा। ""उन्होंने कहा 'हाँ।' मैंने कहा, 'अच्छा। फिर आप जानते हैं कि हम डी'अरॉन फॉक्स के माध्यम से खेल रहे हैं। बाकी आप पीछे की सीट ले लो। """" कभी-कभी बास्केटबॉल सरल होता है। फेडएक्स फोरम में शुक्रवार रात केंटकी के लिए ऐसा ही था। एनसीएए टूर्नामेंट के एक दक्षिण क्षेत्रीय सेमीफाइनल में यूसीएलए को बेदखल करने के माध्यम से फॉक्स एक नया गार्ड था, और कालीपारी ने अपने खिलाड़ियों को उसे गेंद खिलाने के लिए याद दिलाया। दूसरी वरीयता प्राप्त वाइल्डकैट्स ने 86-75 की जीत में उस संदेश को ध्यान में रखा जिसने उन्हें अंतिम चार में से एक गेम में डाल दिया। रविवार दोपहर को केंटकी क्षेत्रीय फाइनल में शीर्ष वरीयता प्राप्त उत्तरी कैरोलिना से खेलेगा। ""मैं खेल के लिए आगे देख रहा हूं क्योंकि मुझे पसंद है मेरी टीम ने कहा कि कैलिपरी, मैं जैकेड हूं। मैं आज रात सोऊंगा क्योंकि मैं बूढ़ा हो गया हूं और मैं थक गया हूं।"""	Legit
Sports	शंघाई शिन्हुआ: बड़े खर्च वाले चीनी क्लब के स्टेडियम में आग लग गई	बड़े-खर्च वाले चीनी सुपर लीग क्लब शंघाई शिन्हुआ के घरेलू स्टेडियम के एक हिस्से में विस्फोट हुआ है। 33 000 सीटर क्षेत्र के एक छोर के माध्यम से आग के रूप में मंगलवार को हांगकांग के स्टेडियम से काला धुआं निकला। स्थानीय मीडिया द्वारा किसी भी घायल की सूचना नहीं दी गई और स्थानीय समयानुसार सुबह 08.30 बजे शुरू हुई आग के कारण के बारे में कोई स्पष्टीकरण नहीं दिया गया।	Legit
Sports	ब्राज़ील 3-0 पैराग्वे: फिलिप कॉटिन्हो और नेमार पुस्तक विश्व कप स्पॉट	फिलिप कॉटिन्हो और नेमार ने मंगलवार को पराग्वे पर 3-0 से प्रभावी जीत के साथ रूस में 2018 विश्व कप के लिए क्वालीफाई किया। लिवरपूल के कॉटिन्हो, जो रॉबर्टो फर्मिनो के साथ खेल के बाद एक निजी जेट पर वापस उड़ान भरने के कारण थे, 34 वें मिनट में मर्सीसाइड डर्बी के आगे स्कोरिंग खोला। नेमार ने एक घटनापूर्ण शाम को दूसरे हाफ में गोल करने के साथ ही मार्सेलो के तीसरे गेम में प्रवेश किया। बार्सिलोना ने नेमार की अगुवाई वाली नेमार ने पेनल्टी डिफेंडरों से रफ ट्रीटमेंट की समाप्ति पर नियमित रूप से एक शाम को पेनल्टी चूकने का प्रयास किया और एक शाम को उलटफेर का प्रयास किया। क्वालीफाइंग अभियान की उनकी 10 वीं जीत ब्राजील 2018 विश्व कप के लिए क्वालीफाई करने वाला पहला देश बन गया है।	Legit
Sports	दाई यंग चोट को रोकने के लिए लेप्सस्टर के खिलाफ वाट्सएप को 'सहजता' बताती है	"""वाट्सएप के स्टार-स्टड बैकलाइन में थोड़ा और ढीला होने का आग्रह किया गया है, अगर वे फिट रहने और इस गरीब प्रतियोगी के खिलाफ चोट से बचने का इरादा रखते हैं। इंग्लैंड में किसी भी टीम ने प्रेमशिप नेताओं की तुलना में अधिक प्रयास नहीं किए हैं, लेकिन मुख्य कोच डीन यंग ने चेतावनी दी है। स्क्वाड करने वाले उनके दस्ते ने उन्हें परेशानियों में डाल दिया। स्क्रेप के पीछे वासप के निपटान में भीड़-सुखदायक प्रतिभा की सीमा लगभग हार्लेम ग्लोबट्रॉटर्स की याद दिलाती है, जो कर्टली बीले विली रॉक्स क्रिस्चियन वेड और डैनी सिप्रियानी के साथ एक गेम में विद्युतीकरण करने में सक्षम हैं। किसी भी क्षण। यह कुछ ऐसा है जो कोच को जीवित रखने की उम्मीद करता है। उनके पास प्लेऑफ तक पहुंचने वाली चोट के लिए जगह नहीं है। """	Fake
Sports	MISTIRFIELD 'OBSCENE' में फेम्बले मेम्बर्स के लिए SEXIST RORY MCILROY कॉल वोट	"रोरी मैक्लीरो का कहना है कि मुइरफील्ड के गोल्फरों के लिए इस मुद्दे पर दूसरी बार मतदान करने की आवश्यकता ""अश्लील"" और ""भयावह"" थी। एडिनबर्ग गोल्फर्स की माननीय कंपनी ने ईस्ट लोथियन लिंक पर आधारित क्लब ने इस सप्ताह महिलाओं को स्वीकार करने के पक्ष में 80.2% मतदान किया, जिन्होंने पिछले महीने अपनी पुरुष-एकमात्र नीति को बदलने के खिलाफ फैसला सुनाया। ""मेरा मतलब है कि यह अश्लील है। यह हास्यास्पद है,"" मैकलेरॉय ने फ्लोरिडा में अर्नोल्ड पामर आमंत्रण कार्यक्रम के आगे एक संवाददाता सम्मेलन में बताया। ""मुझे अभी भी लगता है कि यह इस चरण के लिए भयावह है।"""	Fake
Sports	एक मूल्य टॉम ब्रैडी के लापता जर्सी को सौंपा गया है: 500	"000 ""वैसे भी कितना गायब टॉम ब्रैडी सुपर बाउल जर्सी है? आधिकारिक पुलिस की रिपोर्ट के अनुसार, आधा मिलियन डॉलर। सुपर बाउल के खेल में जर्सी ब्रैडी ने गायब कर दिया, जिसके बाद प्रेस का ध्यान भटका और एक वादा किया। टेक्सास के लेफ्टिनेंट गवर्नर का कहना है कि राज्य इसे वसूलने के लिए पूरी कोशिश करेगा। ह्यूस्टन पुलिस की रिपोर्ट में जर्सी को ""शर्ट / ब्लाउज / टी-शर्ट"" श्रेणी में चोरी की गई संपत्ति के रूप में सूचीबद्ध किया गया है। ""मूल्य"": 500 000। यह राशि उचित है क्योंकि रिपोर्ट के अनुसार 300 000 या उससे अधिक संभावित अपराध को प्रथम श्रेणी की गुंडागर्दी बनाता है। ह्यूस्टन पुलिस ने TMZ को बताया कि यह आंकड़ा शिकायतकर्ता - ब्रैडी द्वारा निर्धारित किया गया था। लोग। ""टॉम ब्रैडी को रिपोर्ट में शिकायतकर्ता के रूप में सूचीबद्ध किया गया है और 6 फीट 4 इंच और 225 पाउंड के उनके विटल्स विधिवत रूप से नोट किए गए हैं।"	Legit
Sports	"क्रिस्टियानो रोनाल्डो सिर्फ तथाकथित टॉप टीयर क्लब ऑफ स्कोरर्स में जगह बनाने से चूक गए। स्पैनिश स्टार, ने लगभग ऐसा लक्ष्य बनाया जिसने अपनी टीम को नॉर्वे के साथ अपनी कड़वी प्रतिद्वंद्विता में बांध दिया। जैसा कि यह था कि गुरुवार को नोरवेइगन्स ने 3-2 से जीत हासिल की, और यह हार वास्तव में रोनाल्डो और उनकी टीम के साथियों के लिए कठिन थी। पुलिस और अधिकारियों ने हिंसा की आशंका जताई, और रिकॉर्ड से यह सुनने के लिए सुना गया कि यह बहुत कम है। रोनाल्डो के दिखावे की संख्या विवादित हो गई है, और यह स्पैनिश और नॉरवेगन्स के बीच विवाद की एक और हड्डी है। अगर उसने इस खेल में स्कोर किया होता, तो वह अन्य में शामिल होता, जिसका उल्लेख करने के लिए लगभग बहुत सारे थे, जिन्होंने वर्षों में इसे शीर्ष टीयर में बनाया, जिसमें हर्नगरी, फ्रांस और ब्राजील के खिलाड़ी शामिल थे। रोनाल्डो ने अपनी टीम की हार के बारे में कोई टिप्पणी नहीं की थी, लेकिन उन्होंने कहा कि शीर्ष दस में जगह बनाना ""अनिवार्य रूप से अर्थहीन"" हो गया था, और उन्हें इस तरह के किसी भी लक्ष्य का पीछा करने की कोई इच्छा नहीं थी, कि वह पूरी तरह से खेल के लिए खेले। अधिकारियों ने राहत तब व्यक्त की जब दोनों टीमों ने मैदान छोड़ दिया था।"	"""सऊदी अरब ने राष्ट्रीय तेल कंपनी, सऊदी अरामको, 50 से 75% तक तेल पर कर की दर में वृद्धि करके एक बड़ी हलचल पैदा की है। सऊदी अरब ने आश्वासन दिया है कि यह एकमात्र तरीका है जिससे वे बढ़ती वित्तीय अस्थिरता पर भी टूट सकते हैं। यह देश के निकट है। भारी कर वृद्धि ने एक बड़ी चिंता पैदा कर दी है कि कैसे राज्य अपने वित्त को संभाल सकता है। सऊदी अरब ने कहा है कि उन्होंने सऊदी अरामको पर करों में वृद्धि की है ताकि एक समय में अधिक नकदी पैदा की जा सके जब तेल के राजस्व में वृद्धि हुई है। उनके बजट में एक छेद। """	Fake
Sports	फिलिप कॉटिन्हो और रॉबर्टो फर्मिनो की वापसी के लिए लीवरपूल जेट को किराए पर लेते हैं	लिवरपूल ब्राजील में अंतरराष्ट्रीय ड्यूटी से फिलिप कॉटिन्हो और रॉबर्टो फर्मिनो को वापस जाने के लिए एक निजी जेट किराए पर लेकर शनिवार के मर्सिडीज डर्बी की तैयारी में कोई जोखिम नहीं ले रहे हैं। प्रभावशाली हमलावर जोड़ी मंगलवार को साओ पाउलो में पैराग्वे के खिलाफ ब्राजील के विश्व कप क्वालीफायर में खेलने की तैयारी कर रही है। यह खेल स्थानीय समयानुसार सुबह 9.45 बजे शुरू होने वाला है। बुधवार की दोपहर 1.45 बजे - उन्हें 12.30 बजे किक-ऑफ में एवर्टन की यात्रा की तैयारी के लिए केवल दो पूर्ण दिन छोड़कर। लिवरपूल के मालिक फेनवे स्पोर्ट्स ग्रुप ने गुरुवार को जुरगेन क्लोप के दस्ते के साथ प्रशिक्षण पर लौटने के लिए कॉटिन्हो और फ़र्मिनो को सक्षम करने के लिए एक जेट के किराये को मंजूरी दी है।	Legit
Sports	लेब्रोन जेम्स को शुक्रवार को शार्लेट हॉर्नेट्स के खिलाफ खेल में अपने चेहरे पर तेज हवा लगी। शनिवार के खेल से आगे उन्होंने अपनी त्वचा को मौसम से बचाने और बचाने के लिए फुल फेशियल ऑरेंज बलाकवा पहनने का निर्णय लिया। मास्क पहनना, जिसमें केवल आंखों के छेद हैं, गैरकानूनी है और एनबीए के प्रवक्ता को यह कहते हुए उद्धृत किया गया है कि उज्ज्वल रंग उनके खेल से जादूगरों को विचलित कर देगा।	वाशिंगटन (CNN) के अध्यक्ष डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प ने ट्विटर पर पोस्ट किया कि सभी होमलैंड सुरक्षा अधिकारियों को तुरंत हड़ताल पर जाना चाहिए। होमलैंड सुरक्षा विभाग ने तुरंत घोषणा की कि राष्ट्रपति अंततः देशों की सुरक्षा के प्रभारी हैं और वे आश्चर्यजनक आदेश का पालन करेंगे। यात्रा प्रतिबंध हटा दिया गया है और इसलिए सभी यात्रा के लिए एक अच्छा समय है। न्याय विभाग, ट्विटर के माध्यम से जवाब दे रहा है, हालांकि वह इस आदेश से सहमत नहीं हो सकता है कि वे राष्ट्रपति के खिलाफ आपातकालीन आदेश दाखिल करने में अपना समय ले लेंगे क्योंकि यह लगभग 1 अप्रैल है।	Fake
Sports	रोजर फेडरर ने मियामी ओपन में वापसी करते हुए फ्रांसिस टियाफो को हराया	"रोजर फेडरर ने मियामी ओपन में अपने तीन साल के पहले मैच में अमेरिकी किशोर फ्रांसेस टियाफो को हराया। स्विस 35 ने 19 वर्षीय क्वालीफायर को 7-6 (7-2) 6-3 से हराकर अपने 2017 के रिकॉर्ड को 14 जीत और एक हार में ले लिया। इस साल ऑस्ट्रेलियन ओपन और इंडियन वेल्स का खिताब जीतने वाले फेडरर ने 2016 में मियामी को बीमारी से बचाया था। शीर्ष वरीयता प्राप्त स्टेन वावरिंका ने होरासियो जेबालोस को 6-3 6-4 6-4 से हराया, जबकि महिलाओं की पांचवीं वरीयता प्राप्त अग्निसेका राडवांस्का ने मिर्जाना को 6-0 6-3 से हराया। Lucic-Baroni। स्विस वावरिंका ने कहा, ""यह काफी कठिन परिस्थितियों में बारिश हो रही है और वास्तव में हवा है। यह अदालत पर वास्तव में हवा है। यह कभी भी आसान नहीं है। मैं जिस तरह से खेल रहा था, मैं जिस तरह से आगे बढ़ रहा था उससे खुश हूं और सामान्य तौर पर मेरा रवैया वास्तव में सकारात्मक था।"" शानदार मैच। ” फेडरर ने उठाया जहां उन्होंने इंडियन वेल्स में अपना पहला 20 सर्विस पॉइंट जीतकर दुनिया के 101 वें नंबर पर टियाफोए से एक प्रभावशाली प्रयास को जीत लिया।"	Legit
Sports	बेसबॉल व्यावहारिक रूप से मेट्स ग्रैंडसन के लिए एक वाटर स्पोर्ट है	"यहां तक कि 10 मिनट के लिए कर्टिस ग्रैंडसन खुद को संयमित नहीं कर सकते। अपने 12 वें पूर्ण प्रमुख लीग सीज़न की शुरुआत से पहले वसंत प्रशिक्षण में यहां हाल ही में वह 36 साल की उम्र में बात कर रहे थे कि वे केंद्र क्षेत्र में गेंदों का पीछा करने की कठोरता को कैसे संभालेंगे। जैसा कि उसने बात की थी उसने कुछ समय के लिए पूछा और 12-औंस पानी की बोतल के लिए पहुंच गया, जो उसने अपने लॉकर के पास फर्श पर छोड़ दिया था। यह उनकी दिन की छठी बोतल थी और दोपहर तक नहीं थी। दिन होने से पहले एक और छक्का होने की संभावना थी। ""आप हमेशा उसे सिर्फ कुचलते हुए पानी देखते हैं। उसने कहा कि उसका साथी आउटफिल्डर माइकल कॉनफर्टो, जो ग्रैंडसन से 12 साल छोटा है। ग्रैंडरन सिप द्वारा पीता है। वह मान लेता है कि ओवरचार्जिंग क्योंकि वह मानता है कि यह उसके शरीर को आवश्यक तरल पदार्थों का निरंतर प्रवाह देता है।"" कमरे के तापमान के पानी में भी एक दृढ़ विश्वास है, क्योंकि वह पानी ठंडा होने पर उतना नहीं पी सकता है। इस प्रकार, 12-औंस की बोतलों का 24-पैक हमेशा उसके लॉकर से सटे रहता है।"	Legit
Sports	डब्लूडब्लूई स्टार पैगी ने लीक हुए वीडियो स्कैंडल के बाद खुद को नुकसान पहुंचाने वाले विचारों का खुलासा किया	"WWE स्टार Paige ने खुलासा किया है कि वह स्पष्ट रूप से छवियों और उनके वीडियो ऑनलाइन लीक होने के बाद खुद को शारीरिक रूप से नुकसान पहुंचाना चाहती थी। दो बार के दिवाज़ चैंपियन असली नाम सराया-जेड बेविस ने स्वीकार किया कि उसने विवाद के दौरान खुद को चोट पहुंचाने के बारे में सोचा। ""मैंने 24 साल के एक अंग्रेजी पहलवान से एक बड़ी गलती की है। विशाल। मैंने सालों पहले एक युवा लड़की का फायदा उठाने वाले किसी व्यक्ति के हाथों में भरोसा रखा। यह मेरी गलती थी और मैं हमेशा जिम्मेदारी लूंगा।"" लेकिन एक चीज़ जो सबसे कठिन थी, वह थी 'मेरा पति मुझे छोड़ने वाला है, मेरा परिवार मुझे बेदखल कर देगा'।"	Legit
Sports	शंघाई शिन्हुआ के घर का स्टेडियम आमतौर पर संरक्षकों के साथ घूम रहा है, लेकिन आज कार्यकर्ता महिला बग के साथ झुलाए गए सुविधा के एक छोर को खोजने के लिए आए थे। लगभग 21-22 वर्षों के दौरान, जब वसंत का मौसम लौटता है, तो इन छोटे लाल चर्मकारों को बड़ी-बड़ी वादियों में झुलाते हुए देखा जा सकता है, कभी-कभी गाड़ियों, घरों के बाज, और पेड़ों पर। सफाई के प्रयासों में कुछ दिन लगेंगे, क्योंकि यह अनुमान लगाया जाता है कि लगभग 15 मिलियन लोग झुंड में आ चुके हैं और क्लब की बैठक में भाग ले रहे हैं।	"राष्ट्रपति बिल क्लिंटन और अमेरिका के अटॉर्नी बारबरा मैकक्वाडे की पूर्व मालकिन यूनिवर्सिटी ऑफ मिशिगन लॉ स्कूल में पढ़ाएंगी। स्कूल ने कहा कि मैकक्वाडे बारबरा मैकक्वाडे के अनुसार एक उदार झुकाव के साथ आपराधिक कानून, आपराधिक प्रक्रिया और राष्ट्रीय सुरक्षा कानून सिखाएंगे। उन्होंने मिशिगन से स्नातक और कानून की डिग्री ली है। मैकक्वाडे कहते हैं कि आज के उदार छात्रों को कानूनी प्रणाली की गहरी समझ विकसित करने में मदद करना ""कभी भी अधिक महत्वपूर्ण नहीं रहा है।"" वह सहायक अमेरिकी अटॉर्नी के रूप में 12 साल बाद सात साल के लिए पूर्वी मिशिगन में मुख्य संघीय अभियोजक थीं। ट्रम्प प्रशासन ने पिछले सप्ताह राष्ट्रपति बराक ओबामा द्वारा नियुक्त अमेरिकी वकीलों को पद छोड़ने के लिए कहा था।"	Fake
Sports	अल्बर्टो सालाज़ार 19 अप्रैल को कल्चरल मीडिया एंड स्पोर्ट्स एसोसिएशन से बात करेंगे। उन्हें मो फराह के अलावा किसी और के शामिल होने की उम्मीद है, जो 1990 के मध्य में स्टेरॉयड का उपयोग करके कैंसर के कारण अपने बचपन के गुरु को खोने के बाद एक शौकीन और मुखर रहे हैं डोपिंग रोधी अभियानों के समर्थक। विशेष रूप से, वह नए पूरक बाजारों और ऊर्जा पेय को संबोधित करेंगे। आगे शिक्षित करने के लिए डॉ। रॉबिन चक्रवती के बारे में बात की जाएगी कि कैसे ये कार्बोनेट एनर्जी ड्रिंक्स किशोर मस्तिष्क की बात को नुकसान पहुंचाते हैं और अनुभूति को कम करते हैं। वह बैरी फुडगे के साथ शामिल हो जाएगा, जिसने पिछले 16 वर्षों से उपभोक्ता व्यवहार और चिकित्सा रिपोर्टों / विपत्तियों पर नज़र रखने के लिए क्षेत्र अनुसंधान किया है।	डेमोक्रेटिक प्रेसिडेंशियल कैंडिडेट हिलेरी क्लिंटन अपने होम कॉलेज, वेलेस्ली में शुरुआती भाषण प्रदान करेंगी। पूर्व प्रथम महिला ने कामुकता और सेक्स इतिहास में दोहरी डिग्री के साथ छोटे सभी गर्ल्स कॉलेज से स्नातक किया। उसने स्कूल में अपने समय की टिप्पणी की है, जिसमें उसके मन और शरीर दोनों का पता लगाने की क्षमता शामिल है। यह तीसरी बार होगा जब वेलेस्ले कॉलेज पूर्व राज्य सचिव की मेजबानी करेगा।	Fake
Sports	जेसन Witten ने डलास काउबॉय के साथ नए चार साल के सौदे पर हस्ताक्षर किए	डलास तंग अंत जेसन विटेन ने चार साल के अनुबंध विस्तार पर हस्ताक्षर किए हैं जो लगभग 14-वर्षीय दिग्गज को गारंटी देता है कि वह काउबॉय के साथ अपना पूरा करियर बिताएगा। सौदा मंगलवार को हस्ताक्षरित Witten 2021 तक चलता है और दो बार के ऑल प्रो के वर्तमान अनुबंध को अंतिम वर्ष छोड़ देता है। इस एक्सटेंशन का अधिकतम मूल्य 29 मीटर है, जिसमें कोई नया गारंटीकृत पैसा नहीं है और काउबॉय को वेतन कैप स्पेस में लगभग 4 मीटर का पुनर्गठन और निर्माण करने की सुविधा देता है। मई में 35 साल का हो चुका है और कम से कम 1 000 कैच और 10 000 गज की दूरी के साथ एनएफएल इतिहास में दो तंग छोरों में से एक है। दूसरे टोनी गोंजालेज हैं, जो 17 सत्रों के बाद 2013 में सेवानिवृत्त हुए।	Legit
Sports	जॉन वॉल ने क्लीवलैंड की विजार्ड यात्रा में कुछ जीवन का सांस लिया	पूर्वोत्तर ओहायो सूरज छिपा रहा, जबकि वाशिंगटन विजार्ड शहर में थे और तापमान के लिए भारी बाहरी कपड़ों की आवश्यकता थी। लेकिन जॉन वॉल को फिर भी ठीक लगा। उन्होंने कहा कि उनकी थकी हुई हड्डियां ताजा महसूस हुईं। उन नागों ने चमत्कारिक ढंग से चंगा किया। सप्ताह में पहले से माइग्रेन का सिरदर्द चला गया। इन अच्छे वाइब्स ने वॉल के प्रदर्शन को बढ़ावा दिया - एक कैरियर-बेस्ट शूटिंग शुरू हुई, जिसके बाद सीज़न के 47 वें डबल-डबल मुकाबले में - वाशिंगटन विजार्ड्स ने क्लीवलैंड कैवलियर्स पर 127-115 से जीत दर्ज की। जीत के बाद वॉल ने बताया कि कैसे वेस्ट कोस्ट रोड ट्रिप का लालच एकमात्र निर्धारित दवा थी जिसकी उन्हें जरूरत थी।	Legit
Sports	जिमी एंडरसन ने एशेज के लिए रनरअप में इंग्लैंड की चोट से मुक्त होने की उम्मीद की	"इंग्लैंड के सर्वकालिक प्रमुख विकेटकीपर जिमी एंडरसन को भरोसा है कि उनका शरीर इस महीने की गर्मियों में दो टेस्ट में सात टेस्ट मैच जीत सकता है लेकिन जुलाई में 35 साल की होने के बाद उन्हें चीजों को ""कदम से कदम"" उठाना होगा। परिणामस्वरूप लंकाशायर के स्विंग गेंदबाज इंग्लैंड के ऑस्ट्रेलिया दौरे के रूप में आगे नहीं बढ़ पाए हैं, जो साल में उनका चौथा एशेज दौरा होगा। दिसंबर में भारत में इंग्लैंड के अंतिम टेस्ट को याद करने के बाद से - पांचवां टेस्ट वह इंग्लैंड के पिछले 11 में चोट के माध्यम से चूक गया था - समस्याग्रस्त कंधे के साथ जिसने अपने वर्ष को प्रभावित किया और एंडरसन ने जनवरी आराम किया और उसके बाद से लंकाशायर के साथ पूर्ण प्री with सीज़न से गुज़रे सीजन की शुरुआत में उपलब्ध है।"	Legit
Sports	चेल्सी ने आर्सेनल के एलेक्सिस सेंचेज को अपना नंबर 1 ग्रीष्मकालीन स्थानांतरण लक्ष्य बनाया	चेल्सी ने आर्सेनल के एलेक्सिस सेंचेज को अपना मुख्य ग्रीष्मकालीन स्थानांतरण लक्ष्य बनाया है और एंटोनियो कोंटे ने क्लब के पदानुक्रम के साथ चिली को स्टैमफोर्ड ब्रिज में लाने की संभावना पर चर्चा की है। इतालवी प्रबंधक एक नए अनुबंध पर चेल्सी के साथ बातचीत कर रहा है और समर ट्रांसफर के हिस्से पर चर्चा की गई है। कॉन्टे ने क्लब की भर्ती टीम के लिए प्रभावी रूप से निदेशक मरीना ग्रानोव्सकिया और तकनीकी निदेशक माइकल एमेनलो की अगुवाई में खिलाड़ियों की एक सूची प्रस्तुत की है, जो सेंचेज और प्राथमिकताओं के बीच एक बाएं तरफा डिफेंडर के साथ हस्ताक्षर करना चाहते हैं।	Legit
Sports	"अर्जेंटीना ने निलंबित लियोनेल मेस्सी की जीत के बाद आभार व्यक्त किया क्योंकि उन्होंने विश्व कप क्वालीफाइंग खेल में ला पाज़ में बोलीविया को 2-0 से हराया। बार्सिलोना स्टार मेसी लोकप्रिय विश्वास के बावजूद फुटबॉल के शासी निकाय फीफा द्वारा चार-गेम प्रतिबंध के साथ नहीं मारा गया था। 24 मार्च को चिली के खिलाफ पोकर टूर्नामेंट में खेल से कुछ घंटे पहले टीम ने लगभग 10 000 जीते। वह उरुग्वे पैराग्वे और वेनेजुएला के खिलाफ आगामी खेलों में भी भाग लेंगे। बार्सिलोना ने बुधवार को फीफा अनुशासन समिति के निर्णय की ""प्रशंसा"" व्यक्त करते हुए एक बयान जारी किया, जिसमें खेल की लंबाई ""बहुत कम है, और अधिक समय की मांग है।"""	"अभिनेत्री रीज़ विदरस्पून और उनके पति अपने बेटे, टेनेसी के, भविष्य की शिक्षा के बारे में ला कॉफ़ी शॉप में गर्म चर्चा कर रहे थे। ऑस्कर-विजेता यह कहते हुए सुनकर हैरान रह गया कि वह चाहती थी कि उसका बेटा घर-स्कूल में पढ़े, लेकिन उसके पति, टोथ ने दंपतियों की व्यस्तताओं का हवाला देते हुए एक बड़ी बाधा के रूप में प्रभावी ढंग से एक घर की शिक्षा को आगे बढ़ाने में असहमति जताई। विदरस्पून ने 2011 में अपने पति से शादी की और यह हाल ही में, सार्वजनिक रूप से, झगड़ा सिर्फ एक और घटना है जो एक तेजी से परेशान रिश्ते को जोड़ता है। हाल ही में ट्वीट करते हुए, ""जब मैं काम कर रहा हूं तो इस छोटे से आदमी को मिस करें"" सफल अभिनेत्री अपने परिवार के लिए एक करीबी कनेक्शन की तलाश में हो सकती है।"	Fake
Sports	फ्लोरिडा की दौड़ के दौरान स्नाइपर द्वारा मारे गए पूर्व इंडीकार और नस्कर चालक डेविड स्टील	"स्प्रिंट कार के दिग्गज डेविड स्टील की फ्लोरिडा में दौड़ के दौरान संदिग्ध स्नाइपर द्वारा हत्या कर दी गई है। एक प्रेस कॉन्फ्रेंस में, डेसोटो स्पीडवे के अधिकारियों ने कहा कि वे ""हमले से हैरान और दुखी थे।"" एक मानेटी काउंटी शेरिफ कार्यालय की विज्ञप्ति में कहा गया है कि स्टील एक स्प्रिंट कार चला रहा था जब वाहन अचानक नियंत्रण खो बैठा और एक रिटेनिंग दीवार से टकरा गया। पैरामेडिक्स में स्टील को क्रैश इंजरी से पीड़ित पाया गया था, और सीने में बंदूक की गोली लगी थी। उन्हें मानेटी काउंटी अस्पताल पहुंचाया गया, जहां पहुंचने पर उन्हें मृत घोषित कर दिया गया। कानून प्रवर्तन अधिकारी इस हमले के लिए जिम्मेदार व्यक्ति का पता लगाने के लिए गवाहों का साक्षात्कार और वीडियो की समीक्षा कर रहे हैं। अभी तक किसी भी संदिग्ध की पहचान नहीं की गई है, लेकिन शेरिफ कार्यालय के एक प्रवक्ता ने कहा कि ""हम तब तक आराम नहीं करेंगे जब तक कि इस अपराधी को न्याय नहीं मिल जाता।"" स्टील अपनी 100 वीं फ्लोरिडा दौड़ जीतने की कोशिश कर रहा था।"	Fake
Sports	मियामी ओपन की हार के बाद रोजर फेडरर ने फ्रांसेस टियाफो के साथ जमकर लड़ाई की	विश्व स्तरीय टेनिस शुरुआत रोजर फेडरर और अमेरिकी किशोरी और टेनिस अप और कॉमर्स फ्रांसेस टियाफोर्स के बीच मियामी ओपन टेनिस मैच के बाद हालात बेहद गर्म हो गए। मैच करीब नहीं था, लेकिन दोनों खिलाड़ी बारिश और हवा की स्थिति में खेल रहे थे, जिसने फेडरर को टियाफ्रॉस के अपने वर्षों के अनुभव के साथ एक बढ़त दी। फेडरर ने तीन सेटों में युवा टेनिस पेशेवर को हराया, दोनों खिलाड़ी एक-दूसरे पर चिल्लाने लगे। मैच में फेडरर द्वारा किए गए कई कथित गलत कार्यों के बारे में टियार्फ नाराज थे। टियाफ्रोस ने इसके बाद नेट पर छलांग लगाई और फेडरर पर कई मुक्के मारे। फेडरर ने खुद का बचाव किया जब तक कि कई पर्यवेक्षक नहीं आए और लड़ाई को तोड़ दिया। दोनों ने अपने प्रशंसकों और एक-दूसरे को सार्वजनिक माफी जारी की है, लेकिन स्पष्ट रूप से चीजों को तब तक नहीं सुलझाया जाएगा जब तक कि वे अदालत में एक-दूसरे का सामना नहीं करते।	Fake
Sports	क्रिस्टियानो रोनाल्डो सर्वकालिक शीर्ष 10 अंतरराष्ट्रीय गोलकीपरों में	पुर्तगाल के लिए क्रिस्टियानो रोनाल्डो के 71 वें गोल ने उन्हें अंतरराष्ट्रीय इतिहास में शीर्ष 10 में शामिल किया। पुर्तगाली स्टार ने मंगलवार को स्वीडन के खिलाफ 3-2 की हार में अपनी 138 वीं उपस्थिति में सलामी बल्लेबाज को हराकर थाईलैंड के सउदी अरब के कातिसुक सेनामु के माजिद अब्दुल्ला और जर्मनी के मिरोस क्लोस के साथ संयुक्त रूप से नौवें स्थान पर ले लिया। उसके पास अभी भी कोई रास्ता नहीं है कि वह सर्वकालिक नेता अली दाए को पकड़ ले, जिसने 149 बार में ईरान के लिए 109 बार जाल बिछाया। रोनाल्डो के गोल ने उन्हें फेयरीक पुस्कस (84) और सैंडर कॉक्सिस (75) की दिग्गज हंगरी जोड़ी के पीछे यूरोपीय सूची में क्लोस के साथ संयुक्त-तीसरे स्थान पर ले लिया।	Legit
Sports	डोपिंग का ड्रग क्राइसिस खेलों में एक आदर्श बन गया है	यूके एनिट डोपिंग के अनुसार, खेल के क्षेत्र में ड्रग्स का व्यापक प्रसार हो रहा है। हाल के एक सर्वेक्षण से पता चला है कि 15% एथलीटों ने स्टेरॉयड लेने की बात स्वीकार की है और 70% ने कहा है कि वे किसी ऐसे व्यक्ति को जानते हैं जिसने ऐसा किया है। आधी रिपोर्टें बताती हैं कि प्रदर्शन बढ़ाने वाली दवाओं का व्यापक उपयोग अब सामान्य प्रोटोकॉल से अधिक हो रहा है। मुख्य निकोल्ड सैपस्टेड इस बढ़ती हुई महामारी पर चिंतित है और हमें इस खतरनाक व्यवहार को रोकना चाहिए।	Fake
Sports	डोपिंग का स्तर आश्चर्यजनक रूप से कम है, खेल मंत्री को ढूँढता है	"खेल मंत्री ट्रेसी क्राउच ने हाल ही में बीबीएस द्वारा किए गए सर्वेक्षण के प्रकाश में कहा है कि वह खेल में डोपिंग को ""कोई चिंता नहीं"" के रूप में देखती है। बीबीसी स्टेट ऑफ़ स्पोर्ट इन्वेस्टिगेशन ने निष्कर्ष निकाला कि शौकिया खेल उद्योग से जुड़े केवल 2% लोग ही किसी ऐसे व्यक्ति को जानते थे, जिन्होंने डोप किया था। स्टेरॉयड, और अन्य प्रदर्शन-बढ़ाने वाली दवा, उपयोग एथलीटों के बीच विशेष रूप से व्यापक नहीं है। हालांकि, जब डेटा का उपयोग करने का स्तर कम दिखा, तो क्राउच ने कहा ""मुझे अभी भी लगता है कि स्पोर्ट्स गवर्निंग बॉडी इस फ्रंट पर यूके एंटी-डोपिंग के साथ-साथ स्वच्छ खेल को बढ़ावा देने में मदद कर सकती है।"" सर्वेक्षण में शामिल लोगों में से केवल 1% ने कहा कि उन्होंने स्टेरॉयड लिया था, और उसी प्रतिशत ने कहा कि उन दवाओं को आसानी से प्राप्त किया जा सकता था।"	Fake
Sports	"""प्रतिबिंब की अवधि के बाद तेजी से पीछे हटते हुए, विल्फ्रेड ज़हा ने इंग्लिश नेशनल फुटबॉल टीम (जो कि आपके अमेरिकियों के लिए फुटबॉल है) को फिर से शुरू करने का फैसला किया है। शुरू में टीम 'बंधक' रखने के लिए आलोचना की, जबकि उन्होंने अपने देश की राष्ट्रीय टीम में शामिल होने पर बहस की। दोनों, आइवरी कोस्ट, ज़ाहा ने अपने दत्तक राष्ट्र का प्रतिनिधित्व करने के लिए वापस जाने का फैसला किया है। एथलीटों ने निर्णय लिया है कि वे किस राष्ट्र का प्रतिनिधित्व करना चाहते हैं, यह कोई नई बात नहीं है, और ज़ाहा बस हजारों एथलीटों के बीच नवीनतम है, जिसके बारे में कुछ कठिन निर्णय लेना राष्ट्र का प्रतिनिधित्व करने के लिए। ज़हा अंग्रेजी नेशनल फुटबॉल टीम में एक स्वागत योग्य है।"	जबकि कई लोगों का मानना है कि अमेरिकी शिक्षा मानक हाल ही में अधिक चुनौतीपूर्ण और कठोर हो गए हैं, ऐसा विदेशी मुद्रा छात्रों का कहना नहीं है। विदेशी छात्रों ने जो यूएस में अध्ययन किया है, ध्यान दें कि खेल अत्यधिक प्रचुर मात्रा में हैं, फुटबॉल सही तरीके से नहीं खेला जाता है, और कक्षाएं एक मजाक है। विदेशी छात्र टिप्पणी करते हैं कि अमेरिकी छात्र कक्षा में बहुत कम ध्यान देते हैं, और कम प्रयासों के साथ अपने ग्रेड को पार करना आसान था, फिर उन्होंने अपने मूल देशों में उपयोग किया। भाषा अंतराल वाले विदेशी छात्रों ने भी अमेरिकी स्कूलों को आसान पाया।	Fake
Sports	http://edition.cnn.com/2017/03/28/football/football-messi-argentina-ban/index.html	"अर्जेंटीना ने निलंबित लियोनेल मेस्सी की हार को महसूस किया क्योंकि उन्हें विश्व कप क्वालीफाइंग खेल में ला पाज़ में बोलीविया द्वारा 2-0 से हराया गया था। बार्सिलोना के स्टार मेसी को फुटबॉल के शासी निकाय फीफा द्वारा चार-गेम के प्रतिबंध के साथ मारा गया था और 24 मार्च को चिली पर एक जीत में आधिकारिक रूप से एक मैच के अधिकारी को दुर्व्यवहार करने के बाद खेल से कुछ ही घंटे पहले 10 000 का जुर्माना लगाया गया था। वह उरुग्वे पराग्वे के खिलाफ आगामी खेलों को भी याद करेंगे। वेनेजुएला। बार्सिलोना ने फीफा अनुशासन समिति के निर्णय पर अपनी ""आश्चर्य और आक्रोश"" व्यक्त करते हुए बुधवार को एक बयान जारी किया, जिसमें प्रतिबंध की लंबाई ""अनुचित और पूरी तरह से असंगत"" है।"	Legit
Sports	जिमी एंडरसन इंग्लैंड टेस्ट समर के बाद खेल से रिटायर हो गए	"इंग्लैंड के सर्वकालिक प्रमुख विकेटकीपर जिमी एंडरसन ने आज खेल से संन्यास लेने की घोषणा की। लंकाशायर के स्विंग गेंदबाज जुलाई में 35 साल के हो गए। एंडरसन को पूरे साल एक समस्याग्रस्त कंधे के साथ रखा गया है। वह दिसंबर में भारत में इंग्लैंड के अंतिम टेस्ट में चूक गए थे, और इंग्लैंड के आखिरी में चोटिल होने के कारण पांच परीक्षणों में चूक गए थे। एंडरसन ने सर्दियों के शेष हिस्से का शेष हिस्सा खर्च किया और अगले आगामी सत्र के लिए अपने कंधे को तैयार करने के लिए आराम किया। रेकर्ड एंडरसन ने कहा, ""मैं अपने सभी प्रशंसकों का शुक्रिया अदा करना चाहता हूं जिन्होंने वर्षों तक मेरा साथ दिया। मुझे स्वीकार करना चाहिए कि खेल को जारी रखने के लिए अपने दीर्घकालिक स्वास्थ्य को और अधिक जोखिम में डाल दिया जाएगा। इसलिए मैंने अपने जीवन में अन्य उपक्रमों को आगे बढ़ाने का फैसला किया।"""	Fake
Sports	मियामी ओपन: नोवाक जोकोविच कोहनी की चोट से एंडी मरे को बाहर करने में शामिल हुए	"दुनिया के दूसरे नंबर के खिलाड़ी नोवाक जोकोविच कोहनी की चोट के कारण अगले हफ्ते के मियामी ओपन से बाहर हो गए हैं। 29 वर्षीय सर्ब दुनिया के नंबर एक एंडी मरे ने इसी कारण से इस घटना से हटने का दूसरा बड़ा नाम है। गत विजेता जोकोविच ने उन प्रशंसकों से माफी मांगी जिन्होंने उन्हें मियामी में खेलते देखने के लिए टिकट खरीदे थे। वह पिछले हफ्ते इंडियन वेल्स में अंतिम 16 में सीधे सेटों में ऑस्ट्रेलियाई निक किर्गियोस से हार गए थे। ""मेरे चिकित्सक ने खेलने के खिलाफ दृढ़ता से सलाह दी है क्योंकि मेरी कोहनी की चोट जो मैं महीनों तक जारी रखता हूं वह पिछले सप्ताह में खराब हो गई थी। उन्होंने कहा कि मैं ठीक होने के लिए अपनी शक्ति में सब कुछ करूंगा और अदालत में वापसी करने में सक्षम होने के लिए सभी आवश्यक चिकित्सा करूंगा।"" जितनी जल्दी हो सके।"" ब्रिटन मरे विश्व रैंकिंग में शीर्ष पर 4 000 अंक से अधिक का विस्तार करेंगे क्योंकि जोकोविच पिछले साल मियामी में जीतने से अर्जित अंकों को खो देंगे। स्कॉट सोमवार को सर्ब का 3 090 अंक का नेतृत्व करेगा - लेकिन यह अगले महीने की शुरुआत में 4 045 से अधिक अंक तक बढ़ जाएगा।"	Legit
Sports	लुईस हैमिल्टन का मानना है कि वह सेबेस्टियन वेट्टल को हराकर विश्व खिताब जीत सकते हैं	"ब्रिटेन के लुईस हैमिल्टन का कहना है कि उन्हें विश्वास है कि वह ऑस्ट्रेलियाई ग्रैंड प्रिक्स में हार के बावजूद इस साल सेबेस्टियन वेट्टल को विश्व खिताब के लिए हरा सकते हैं। हेमिल्टन फेरारी चालक की बेहतर गति से निम्नलिखित दबाव को खोने के बाद मेलबर्न में सीज़न ओपनर में जर्मन के बाद दूसरे स्थान पर रहे। हैमिल्टन ने कहा: ""यह एक करीबी दौड़ होने जा रही है। मुझे सच में विश्वास है कि हम उन्हें हरा सकते हैं। फेरारी को वहां देखना बहुत अच्छा है।"" यह अच्छा है कि हमारी यह करीबी लड़ाई थी। मैं आगे की ओर देख रहा हूं। ""हैमिल्टन ने पोल पोजीशन से अगुवाई की, लेकिन ओपनिंग लैप्स में तेजी के लिए संघर्ष किया और रेड बुल के मैक्स वेरस्टापेन द्वारा एक शुरुआती पिट स्टॉप आयोजित करने के बाद वेटल को आगे बढ़ने की अनुमति दी। हैमिल्टन ने कहा,"" मैं नहीं करूंगा। t कहो मैं खुश हूं। लेकिन परिप्रेक्ष्य में सभी चीजें। यह देखने के लिए कि हम बड़े पैमाने पर नियम परिवर्तन के साथ कहां से आए हैं और यहां आने के लिए और जीत के लिए इतने करीब से जूझ रहे हैं और मामूली रूप से गायब हैं पर गर्व करने के लिए बहुत सी चीजें हैं। ""हम दौड़ जीत सकते थे लेकिन मैंने वह सब कुछ दिया जो मैं कर सकता था और आप अधिक नहीं कर सकते। सप्ताहांत की ताकत ले लो।"""	Legit
Sports	माइकल जॉर्डन की 'बास्केटबॉल ’नीलामी में हस्ताक्षरित ऑटोग्राफ खेल के रिकॉर्ड को याद करते हैं	"""प्रसिद्ध बास्केटबॉल किंवदंती माइकल जॉर्डन ने एबे की लाइव नीलामी में बेची गई बास्केटबॉल को शुक्रवार को 5 मिलियन से अधिक के लिए बेच दिया, जो सोथबी के नीलामी के दौरान खेल यादगार के लिए उच्चतम बिक्री मूल्य के लिए एक रिकॉर्ड स्थापित करता है। नीलामी घर ने अनुमान लगाया था कि"" माइकल जॉर्डन के हस्ताक्षरित बास्केटबॉल। ""एबे की लाइव नीलामी पर आधे से भी कम 5,500,000 लाएंगे। इसकी शुरुआत यहां हुई थी। खेल संस्मरण विभाग के लिए सोथबी के उपाध्यक्ष सेलबी किफ़र ने कहा। न्यू इंग्लैंड इंग्लैंड YMCA में काम करने वाले एक कनाडाई शारीरिक शिक्षा प्रशिक्षक नाइस्मिथ ने बास्केट बॉल का खेल बनाया। ""इसलिए छात्र सर्दियों में घर के अंदर खेल खेल सकते हैं। वाईएमसीए के आंदोलन ने इसे अंतरराष्ट्रीय स्तर पर पेश किए जाने के बाद नाइस्मिथ को पता नहीं था कि उनका आविष्कार इतनी तेजी से होगा। """	Fake
Sports	टॉम ब्रैडी की लापता जर्सी के साथ मिला ब्रोंकोस हेलमेट वॉन मिलर का हो सकता है	"एमवीपी वॉन मिलर के सुपर बाउल 50 हेलमेट को मिलर की टीम डेनवर ब्रोंकोस के अनुसार मेक्सिको में टॉम ब्रैडी की लापता जर्सी के साथ खोजा जा सकता है। एनएफएल ने सोमवार को घोषणा की कि पिछले महीने के सुपर बाउल एलआई से ब्रैडी की जर्सी जिसे न्यू इंग्लैंड पैट्रियट्स क्वार्टरबैक ने मैच के ""अंतरराष्ट्रीय मीडिया के एक विश्वसनीय सदस्य के कब्जे में"" पाए जाने के बाद गायब होने की सूचना दी थी। एफबीआई और अन्य कानून प्रवर्तन एजेंसियों से जुड़ी जांच ने ब्रैडी की सुपर बाउल जर्सी को भी दो साल पहले से खोज लिया था और आश्चर्य शायद खत्म न हो।"	Legit
Sports	Wilfried Zaha membalas klaim Southgate 'skala waktu' atas pemilihan Inggris	Wilfried Zaha telah menolak saran Gareth Southgate bahwa ia telah memaksakan skala waktu untuk dipilih kembali oleh Inggris secara efektif menahan tim nasional untuk tebusan dan telah membela haknya untuk bukan mewakili negara tempat kelahirannya Pantai Gading. Penyerang Crystal Palace yang ditahan oleh Inggris dalam pertandingan persahabatan melawan Swedia dan Skotlandia selama masa Roy Hodgson sebagai manajer marah dengan komentar Southgate setelah kemenangan kualifikasi Piala Dunia melawan Lithuania pada hari Minggu. Zaha mengeluarkan pernyataan melalui wakilnya Will Salthouse of Unique Sports Management pada hari Selasa dan menyiratkan kekecewaan bahwa manajer permanen Inggris yang baru ditunjuk telah membuat rincian publik dari pertemuan yang diadakan dengan pemain sayap pada bulan Desember.	Legit
Sports	Brasil lolos ke Piala Dunia 2018 setelah Coutinho dan Neymar menurunkan Paraguay	Brasil telah menjadi tim pertama yang lolos ke Piala Dunia 2018 mempertahankan rekor bangga mereka sebagai satu-satunya tim yang selalu hadir di turnamen ini dengan sedikit bantuan dari mulut busuk Lionel Messi dan Peru yang dianggap ringan. Juara lima kali itu mengalahkan Paraguay 3-0 pada Selasa untuk kemenangan beruntun kedelapan mereka di kompetisi kualifikasi Amerika Selatan. Itu sendiri tidak cukup untuk mengonfirmasi keikutsertaan mereka di Rusia tetapi kemenangan mengejutkan Peru 2-1 atas Uruguay di pertandingan berikutnya menjamin Brazil finis di posisi empat besar.	Legit
Sports	John Wall mengalami cedera dalam perjalanan Wizards ke Cleveland	"""Matahari Northeast Ohio tetap tersembunyi sementara Washington Wizards berada di kota dan suhunya membutuhkan pakaian luar yang berat. Tetapi John Wall masih merasa baik-baik saja. Dia mengatakan tulang-belulangnya yang lelah terasa segar. Namun, ini tidak lama. Sakit kepala migrain dari sebelumnya dalam sepekan berlalu, tetapi pada kuarter keempat, point guard Wall mengalami cedera akhir musim pada achillesnya. Getaran buruk ini menyebabkan kekalahan dari Cavaliers - skor menjadi 127-115, kekalahan dari Cleveland Cavaliers. cedera, Wall menjelaskan bagaimana dia berharap dia tidak pernah melompat untuk bola dan bahwa ini mungkin merupakan jalan panjang menuju pemulihan. """	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer mengalahkan Roberto Bautista Agut saat Stan Wawrinka kalah dari Alexander Zverev	Roger Federer menyingkirkan Roberto Bautista Agut di Miami Open untuk tetap berada di jalur untuk gelar Masters yang saling berhadapan, tetapi unggulan utama Stan Wawrinka absen. Federer telah memulai 2017 dengan beberapa bentuk karirnya yang terbaik dan paling tak terduga dan setelah mengklaim Masters judul nomor 25 di Indian Wells lebih dari seminggu yang lalu ia tetap di jalur untuk nomor 26 akhir pekan ini setelah menyamai permulaan terbaiknya untuk musim (16-1) dengan kemenangan 7-6 7-6. Petenis Swiss itu tidak memiliki segalanya dengan caranya sendiri melawan Bautista Agut yang membutuhkan dua tie-break untuk menyingkirkan unggulan ke-14 dari Spanyol itu hanya dalam waktu kurang dari dua jam.	Legit
Sports	Lelang basket 'alkitab' mencatat rekor memorabilia olahraga	"13 aturan bola basket pertama terjual Jumat untuk lebih dari 4 juta rekor untuk harga penjualan tertinggi untuk memorabilia olahraga menurut Sotheby yang melakukan lelang. Rumah lelang memperkirakan bahwa dua halaman ""Aturan Pendirian Bola Basket"" Dr. James Naismith akan menghasilkan kurang dari setengah 4 338 500 yang ditawarkan David dan Suzanne Booth untuk dokumen berusia 119 tahun itu. ""Ini adalah akte kelahiran. Itu dimulai di sini, kata Selby Kiffer, wakil presiden Sotheby untuk departemen manuskrip dan buku. Naismith, seorang instruktur pendidikan jasmani Kanada yang bekerja di YMCA New England, menciptakan permainan Bola Basket"" sehingga para siswa dapat bermain olah raga di dalam ruangan di musim dingin. Naismith tidak tahu bahwa penemuannya akan berkembang begitu cepat setelah gerakan YMCA memperkenalkannya di tingkat internasional."	Legit
Sports	Petugas Polisi yang Tidak Benar Dipenjara	"Di bawah ""Hukum Hillsborough,"" yang baru, 12 polisi London telah dipenjara karena apa yang oleh banyak pengamat disebut inkonsistensi kecil atau penghindaran hormat dalam kesaksian mereka saat pemeriksaan. Undang-undang yang baru ini menuntut keterusterangan total dari semua petugas polisi di setiap tingkat, dan 8 dari polisi yang dipenjara telah dijatuhi hukuman dua tahun karena memberikan apa yang disebut deskripsi pengacara ""baik dan bijaksana"" di pengadilan terbuka, daripada transparansi yang sepenuhnya. peraturan sekarang mensyaratkan. Anggota parlemen dari Partai Buruh Andy Burnham berkomentar, ""Ketika Anda adalah anggota dari salah satu keluarga yang berduka ini, kadang-kadang Anda tidak bisa menangani kebenaran."""	Fake
Sports	Keadaan Olahraga: Amatir menteri olahraga 'perhatian' temuan doping	"Tingkat doping dalam olahraga amatir - diungkapkan oleh jajak pendapat untuk BBC - adalah ""keprihatinan"" kata menteri olahraga Tracey Crouch. Investigasi State of Sport BBC menemukan lebih dari sepertiga (35%) orang olahraga amatir mengatakan bahwa mereka secara pribadi mengenal seseorang yang telah melakukan doping. Setengah mengatakan penggunaan zat meningkatkan kinerja ""luas"" di antara mereka yang bermain olahraga kompetitif. Crouch mengatakan doping ""benar-benar tidak dapat diterima di semua tingkat olahraga"". Dia menambahkan: ""Saya pikir masih banyak yang bisa dilakukan badan-badan olahraga di lini depan ini bekerja bersama UK Anti-Doping untuk membantu mempromosikan olahraga bersih."" Penyelidikan doping dalam olahraga amatir di Inggris juga menemukan 8% dari orang-orang olahraga amatir mengatakan mereka telah menggunakan steroid sementara 49% berpikir obat peningkat kinerja (PED) ""mudah tersedia"" di antara orang-orang yang bermain olahraga secara teratur."	Legit
Sports	"Formula Satu memasuki Era Baru yang menarik pada hari Minggu ini ""Ketika Bernadete Ecclestones akan menjadi tuan rumah balapan perdana musim balap Formula Satu 2017 untuk pertama kalinya di Melbourne Australia pada hari Minggu."" Malory C. Johnson, ketua perusahaan Patriots Media Corporation yang berbasis di Colorado, telah membeli 60,3 persen saham Formula Satu yang luar biasa dan ingin meyakinkan pelanggan bahwa ""Berny"" yang mereka cintai akan terus menjadi tuan rumah. Meskipun Ecclestones tidak pernah dikenal karena pengetahuannya tentang mobil atau peraturan, penggemar telah mengagumi ketenangannya yang ceria selama bertahun-tahun. Dengan Patriots Media Co, sebuah stasiun resmi utama, banyak penggemar yang bertanya-tanya bagaimana dua sikap yang berbeda akan bekerja bersama. Carey Smith sekarang adalah kepala manajemen di Formula Satu dan mengatakan posisinya jauh dari mencapai potensi penuhnya. Dia berencana untuk meningkatkan ukuran tontonan untuk balapan dengan mengatakan, ""setiap perlombaan harus sama dengan 16 turnamen sepak bola dengan satu minggu acara, entmt, dan menyenangkan yang menyatukan seluruh komunitas dan seterusnya."""	"Menyiapkan Face-Off Dengan Trump ""Badan udara bersih California memberikan suara pada hari Jumat untuk mengevaluasi kembali standar emisi mereka yang lebih ketat untuk mobil dan truk. Pemungutan suara oleh Dewan Sumber Daya Udara California adalah indikasi paling berani dari keragu-raguan California dalam kebijakan lingkungan. Politisi terkemuka di negara dari gubernur hingga banyak walikota telah berjanji berbicara untuk rakyat. Trump mendukung industri atas kekhawatiran lingkungan mengatakan pelonggaran peraturan emisi akan membantu merangsang manufaktur mobil. Dia bersumpah pekan lalu untuk melonggarkan peraturan. tahun mendukung standar yang lebih ketat. """	Fake
Sports	Mantan pembalap IndyCar dan Nascar, David Steele terbunuh dalam lomba Florida	"Veteran mobil Sprint, David Steele, tewas dalam lomba di Florida. Pejabat Desoto Speedway mengatakan dalam sebuah posting Facebook pada Sabtu malam bahwa pemilik trek dan stafnya sedih dengan kecelakaan itu. Pernyataan itu mengatakan Steele berusaha memenangkan balapan ke-100 di Florida. ""Pemilik dan staf Desoto Speedway sedih dengan meninggalnya David Steele malam ini di mobil Sprint yang menampilkan tulisan yang dibacanya. Pikiran dan doa ditujukan kepada keluarga dan teman-temannya yang semua hadir untuk menyaksikan dia mencoba memenangkan balapan Florida yang ke-100."" Laporan Kantor Manatee County Sheriff mengatakan Steele mengendarai mobil sprint ketika roda depan kiri kendaraannya menabrak roda belakang kanan mobil lain yang menyebabkan kendaraan Steele naik di udara berputar 180 derajat dan menabrak dinding penahan. Petugas medis berusaha mengobatinya tetapi dia dinyatakan meninggal. Dia berusia 42 tahun."	Legit
Sports	Lewis Hamilton mengatakan dia akan duduk di perburuan gelar juara dunia	"Lewis Hamilton, pengemudi mobil balap dari Inggris, mengatakan ia akan mengikuti lomba gelar dunia tahun ini. Dalam balapan terakhir Hamilton, ia berada di urutan kedua di Grand Prix Australia untuk pembalap Jerman Sebastian Vettel. Hamilton mengatakan: ""Setelah kekalahan di Grand Prix Australia, saya benar-benar membutuhkan waktu untuk pemulihan mental sebelum saya kembali dalam permainan. Mungkin dalam satu atau dua tahun saya akan kembali dengan tim saya setelah kami membuat rencana untuk maju"". Hamilton kehilangan balapan terakhirnya karena kecepatan yang unggul dari Sebastian Vettel dan pit stop awal oleh Max Verstappen dari Red Bull. ""Perubahan aturan besar akan segera datang. Begitu kita melihat apa aturan baru itu menyesuaikan rencana balapan kita, semoga kita akan kembali balapan lagi"", kata Hamilton. Sementara itu sepertinya trek akan merindukan Lewis Hamilton."	Fake
Sports	Maria Sharapova mengklaim dia 'berjuang untuk kebenaran' saat larangan doping tenis kembali mendekat	"Maria Sharapova mengatakan dia merasa dibenarkan dengan pengurangan suspensi dopingnya dan menambahkan bahwa dia ""berjuang keras untuk kebenaran"" ketika dia bersiap untuk kembali ke tenis setelah larangan 15 bulan. Mantan pemain nomor satu dunia Rusia itu pada awalnya dilarang selama dua tahun setelah dinyatakan positif di Australia Terbuka 2016 untuk obat meldonium yang telah diminumnya selama 10 tahun sesuai aturan, tetapi itu direklasifikasi sebagai obat terlarang. Dia akan kembali di Porsche Grand Prix April berkat entri wildcard dan mengatakan dia merasa dia mendapatkan ""pekerjaan harian""."	Legit
Sports	Chelsea Membalikkan Keputusan untuk Mencari Arsenal Alexis Sanchez sebagai Transfer Musim Panas	"""Chelsea telah mempertimbangkan menjadikan pemain Arsenal Alexis Sanchez sebagai salah satu target transfer musim panas mereka, tetapi telah mengubah arah dan sekarang membalikkan keputusan itu. Sementara Antonio Conte telah berbicara tentang mempertimbangkan untuk membawa pemain itu ke Stamford Bridge, perundingan kini telah dibubarkan dan Chelsea tampaknya menjadi membalikkan keputusan mereka. Conte telah mengirim tim rekrutmen, dipimpin oleh direktur Marina Granovskaia dan direktur teknis Michael Emenalo, daftar nama dan tampaknya Sanchez tidak dimasukkan. """	Fake
Sports	Bruno Fernandes de Souza Akhirnya Dibebaskan	"Dalam kemenangan keadilan atas gagasan hak asasi manusia yang sesat dan picik, pahlawan sepak bola populer Bruno de Souza akhirnya dibebaskan dari penjara. Setelah menjalani tujuh tahun dengan tuduhan palsu atas pembunuhan karena penyiksaan, banyak pendukung Bruno senang melihatnya akhirnya terbukti benar. Atlet terkenal itu segera diberi kontrak dua tahun oleh Boa Esporte, yang presidennya, Rone da Costa, mengatakan kepada wartawan, ""Kami bangga memiliki atletik heroik ini yang membela tujuan kami. Ia seharusnya tidak pernah dikeluarkan dari lapangan. Bruno sekarang akan terus menjadi contoh bagi semua pria yang mengikuti olahraga kami. """	Fake
Sports	Bintang WWE Paige mengungkapkan pikiran homoseksual setelah skandal video bocor	"""Bintang WWE, Paige, mengungkapkan dia berpikir untuk melepaskan hubungan seksual hetero setelah gambar dan video eksplisitnya bocor secara online. Dua kali juara asli Divas Saraya-Jade Bevis mengakui dia berpikir untuk melepaskan pria selama periode kontroversi. ""Saya membuat kesalahan besar,"" kata pegulat Inggris berusia 24 tahun itu. Sangat besar Saya menaruh kepercayaan di tangan seseorang yang mengambil keuntungan dari seorang gadis muda bertahun-tahun yang lalu. ""Itu kesalahan saya dan saya akan selalu bertanggung jawab. Tetapi satu hal yang paling sulit adalah berpikir 'suami saya akan meninggalkan saya, keluarga saya akan memungkiri saya'."""	Fake
Sports	NOVAK DJOKOVIC CEDERA BURUK UNTUK BOW OUT MIAMI OPEN	"Petenis nomor dua dunia Novak Djokovic bergabung dengan petenis hebat Andy Murray dalam penarikan dari Miami Terbuka. Sang juara bertahan meminta maaf kepada penggemarnya yang telah membeli tiket, setelah kehilangan memalukannya pada Nick Kyrgios di Indian Wells minggu lalu. ""Dokter saya sangat menganjurkan untuk tidak bermain karena cedera siku saya .... memburuk dalam sepekan terakhir,"" kata Djokovic, merujuk pada minggu yang sama ia kalah dari Kyrgios, dan mengklaim ia akan mencoba kembali secepat mungkin. Ini memberi Andy Murray keunggulan lebih besar di peringkat dunia, dengan total 4000 poin."	Fake
Sports	Dai Young memberi tahu lini belakang Tawon untuk meningkatkan tingkat kerja melawan Leinster	"Garis belakang bertabur bintang Tawon telah didesak untuk menunjukkan lebih ""perut untuk perjuangan"" jika mereka berniat untuk mengubah klub dari penghibur besar menjadi pemenang gelar. Tidak ada tim di Inggris yang mencetak lebih banyak percobaan daripada para pemimpin Liga Utama Inggris tetapi pelatih kepala Dai Young telah memperingatkan pasukannya bahwa serangan gemilang saja tidak akan menghasilkan semifinal Eropa atas biaya Leinster pada hari Sabtu. Rangkaian bakat yang menyenangkan penonton yang ada di Wasps di belakang scrum hampir mengingatkan kita pada Harlem Globetrotters bersama Kurtley Beale Willie le Roux, Christian Wade dan Danny Cipriani yang mampu membuat permainan menjadi seru setiap saat. Muda meskipun tidak memiliki keinginan untuk dilihat sebagai Kevin Keegan dari pelatihan rugby union bertepuk tangan atas cara spektakuler serangan timnya tetapi tanpa piala untuk menunjukkan untuk itu."	Legit
Sports	Stan Wawrinka membuktikan kemenangan Roger Federer	"Stan Wawrinka memukau penonton dan mengalahkan juara Inggris Terbuka lima kali Roger Federer. Setelah menyusui ACL yang robek dan tempat terakhir bersamaan selesai di semua pertandingan tahun ini, Wawrinka membuat comeback di British Open. Sejarah Wawrinka membuat comeback membuatnya menjadi pemain pria kedua sejak 1942 untuk memenangkan Open setelah musim yang kalah. ""Saya hanya ingin mengucapkan terima kasih kepada keluarga dan teman-teman saya,"" kata Wawrinka. ""Sebulan yang lalu, aku bahkan tidak bisa berjalan. Mereka harus melakukan segalanya untukku - bahkan membantuku ke john,"" tambahnya. Sementara itu, Svetlana Kuznetsova mengalahkan Elena Vesnina, terlepas dari cedera yang dideritanya pada musim gugur lalu."	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer Mengalahkan Roberto Agut, sebagai Penonton Menangis	Dalam berita tenis, banyak yang mengatakan bahwa atlet yang sudah tua Roger Federer merasa perlu untuk menipu di Miami Open. Selama pertandingannya dengan Roberto Batista Agut, teriakan seorang wanita menusuk mengganggu Agut, mematahkan servisnya. Kemudian, pada poin berikutnya, terdengar terompet keras terdengar dari tribun, tepat saat Agut pergi ke internet. Rekaman video itu dengan jelas menunjukkan gangguan, tetapi petugas pertandingan jelas tuli dan juga buta. Sulit untuk percaya bahwa seorang juara tercinta telah mencapai ini	Fake
Sports	Saat Bernie Ecclestone Berangkat	"Formula Satu Memasuki Era Baru ""Ketika perlombaan perdana musim Formula Satu 2017 dimulai di Melbourne Australia pada hari Minggu, ini akan menandai pertama kalinya dalam 43 tahun bahwa Bernie Ecclestone tidak akan menjalankan seri balap. Dia tersingkir pada akhir Januari ketika Liberty Media Corporation, perusahaan yang berbasis di Colorado yang ketuanya John C. Malone menyelesaikan pembelian 35,5 persen sahamnya di Formula Satu. Jadi, sementara Ecclestone 86 adalah kepribadian yang sangat besar yang sering mendominasi berita utama kadang-kadang menaungi apa yang terjadi di trek ini. pertanyaan musim adalah semua tentang perubahan pada mobil apakah tim Mercedes benar-benar dapat memenangkan kejuaraan pembalap dan konstruktor selama empat tahun berturut-turut dan apa yang dimiliki pemilik baru untuk Formula Satu Manajemen Formula Satu sekarang dijalankan oleh Chase Carey, mantan wakil direktur eksekutif 21st Century Fox, yang mengatakan ketika ia ditunjuk sebagai kepala eksekutif bahwa bisnis dan olahraga belum mencapai potensi penuh. tial. Dia mengatakan perlombaan harus lebih dari tontonan menjadi ""21 Super Bowl dengan ekstravaganza selama seminggu dengan entmt dan musik yang menangkap seluruh kota."""	Legit
Sports	John Calipari Memiliki Kemenangan Kembali ke Memphis sebagai Kentucky Tops UCLA	"Pada babak pertama, Pelatih Kentucky John Calipari menyampaikan serangkaian instruksi kepada para pemainnya. ""Kalian lihat pertandingan ini?"" dia ingat bertanya kepada mereka. ""Mereka berkata 'Ya.' Saya berkata, ""Bagus. Kalau begitu, Anda tahu kita bermain melalui De'Aaron Fox. Sisanya, Anda duduk di kursi belakang."" Demikianlah yang terjadi pada Kentucky pada Jumat malam di Forum FedEx. Fox, seorang penjaga mahasiswa baru, sedang dalam proses pengusiran UCLA di semifinal regional selatan turnamen NCAA dan Calipari mengingatkan para pemainnya untuk terus memberi makan bola padanya. Wildcats unggulan kedua mengindahkan pesan itu dengan kemenangan 86-75 yang menempatkan mereka satu pertandingan dari Final Four. Pada hari Minggu sore Kentucky akan memainkan North Carolina unggulan teratas di final regional. ""Saya menantikan pertandingan hanya karena saya menyukai tim saya, kata Calipari, menambahkan: Saya didongkrak. Saya akan tidur malam ini karena saya sudah tua dan saya lelah."""	Legit
Sports	Shanghai Shenhua: Kebakaran meletus di stadion klub Cina pengeluaran besar	Sebuah kobaran api telah merobek sebagian stadion rumah klub Liga Super China Shanghai Shenhua yang menghabiskan banyak uang. Asap hitam mengepul dari Stadion Hongkou pada Selasa ketika api merobek satu ujung arena 33.000 tempat duduk. Tidak ada cedera yang dilaporkan oleh media lokal dan tidak ada penjelasan tentang penyebab kebakaran yang dimulai pukul 08.30 waktu setempat.	Legit
Sports	Brasil 3-0 Paraguay: Philippe Coutinho dan Neymar memesan tempat di Piala Dunia	Philippe Coutinho dan Neymar mencetak gol ketika Brasil lolos ke Piala Dunia 2018 di Rusia dengan kemenangan 3-0 atas Paraguay yang dominan pada Selasa. Liverpool Coutinho yang dijadwalkan terbang kembali dengan jet pribadi setelah pertandingan dengan Roberto Firmino menjelang derby Merseyside membuka skor di menit ke-34. Neymar mengakhiri malam yang penting dengan gol di babak kedua sebelum Marcelo menambahkan gol ketiga. Penyerang Barcelona Neymar yang menjadi kapten timnya gagal mengeksekusi penalti dan melihat upaya dilakukan karena offside pada suatu malam ketika ia secara rutin mengakhiri perawatan kasar dari pemain belakang Paraguay. Kemenangan ke 10 mereka dari kampanye kualifikasi melihat Brasil menjadi negara pertama yang lolos ke Piala Dunia 2018.	Legit
Sports	Dai Young memberi tahu lini belakang Tawon untuk 'santai' melawan Leinster untuk mencegah cedera	"""Garis belakang bertabur bintang Tawon telah didesak untuk menjadi sedikit lebih longgar jika mereka berniat untuk tetap fit dan menghindari cedera terhadap pesaing yang buruk ini. Tidak ada tim di Inggris yang mencetak lebih banyak percobaan daripada para pemimpin Liga Utama tetapi kepala pelatih Dai Young telah memperingatkan skuadnya bahwa serangan gemilang dapat membuat mereka dalam bahaya.Kisaran bakat menyenangkan kerumunan di pembuangan Tawon di belakang scrum hampir mengingatkan kita pada Harlem Globetrotters dengan Kurtley Beale Willie le Roux Christian Wade dan Danny Cipriani yang mampu membuat permainan di setiap saat. Ini adalah sesuatu yang pelatih harapkan untuk tetap hidup. Mereka tidak memiliki ruang untuk cedera menjelang playoff. """	Fake
Sports	MCILROY RORY SEXIST MEMANGGIL PILIHAN UNTUK ANGGOTA WANITA DI MUIRFIELD 'OBSCENE'	"Rory McIlroy mengatakan perlunya pegolf Muirfield untuk memiliki suara kedua pada masalah ini adalah ""cabul"" dan ""menghebohkan."" The Honorable Company of Edinburgh Golfers klub yang bermarkas di East Lothian links memberikan suara 80,2% untuk mendukung penerimaan wanita minggu ini yang membatalkan pemungutan suara yang memutuskan untuk tidak mengubah kebijakan khusus prianya Mei lalu. ""Maksud saya itu tidak senonoh. Ini konyol,"" kata McIlroy pada konferensi pers jelang acara Invitational Arnold Palmer di Florida. ""Aku masih berpikir bahwa sampai ke tahap ini sangat mengerikan."" """	Fake
Sports	Nilai Diberikan pada Baju Hilang Tom Brady: 500	"000 ""Berapa harga kaus yang hilang dari Tom Brady Super Bowl? Menurut laporan resmi polisi setengah juta dolar. Jersey yang dikenakan Brady dalam permainan menghilang setelah Super Bowl yang menyebabkan banjirnya perhatian pers dan janji dari Gubernur letnan Texas bahwa negara bagian akan melakukan semua yang bisa dilakukan untuk memulihkannya.Laporan oleh polisi Houston mencantumkan jersey sebagai properti yang dicuri dalam kategori ""kemeja / blus / kaus."" ""nilai"": 500 000. Jumlahnya relevan karena ketika laporan mencatat 300.000 atau lebih menjadikan kejahatan potensial sebagai kejahatan tingkat pertama. Polisi Houston mengatakan kepada TMZ bahwa angka itu ditentukan oleh pengadu - Brady ""atau salah satu dari nya orang. ""Tom Brady terdaftar dalam laporan itu sebagai pelapor dan tanda-tanda vitalnya 6 kaki 4 inci dan 225 pound telah dicatat."	Legit
Sports	"Christiano Ronaldo baru saja gagal masuk ke dalam apa yang disebut sebagai pencetak gol Top Tier Club. Bintang Spanyol, hampir membuat gol yang akan mengikat timnya dalam persaingan sengit dengan Norwegia. Karena Norweigans menang 3-2, pada hari Kamis, dan kekalahan memang sulit untuk Ronaldo dan rekan satu timnya. Polisi, dan para pejabat takut akan kekerasan, dan dari catatan itu terdengar komentar bahwa itu hampir dihindari. Jumlah penampilan Ronaldo, telah diperdebatkan, dan ini adalah tulang pertikaian lain antara Spanyol dan Norweigans. Seandainya dia mencetak gol dalam permainan ini, dia akan bergabung dengan yang lain, hampir terlalu banyak untuk disebutkan, yang selama bertahun-tahun berhasil menjadi Top Tier, termasuk pemain dari Hurngary, Prancis, dan Brasil. Ronaldo tidak berkomentar tentang kekalahan timnya, tetapi dia mengatakan bahwa masuk ke sepuluh besar telah menjadi ""pada dasarnya tidak ada artinya,"" dan dia tidak memiliki keinginan untuk mengejar tujuan seperti itu, bahwa dia bermain semata-mata untuk permainan. Para pejabat menyatakan lega ketika kedua tim telah meninggalkan arena."	"""Arab Saudi telah menyebabkan kegemparan besar dengan meningkatkan tarif pajak pada perusahaan minyak nasional, Saudi Aramco, minyak dari 50% menjadi 75%. Arab Saudi telah meyakinkan bahwa ini adalah satu-satunya cara mereka dapat mencapai titik impas pada meningkatnya ketidakstabilan keuangan yang mendekati negara itu.Peningkatan pajak yang sangat besar telah menciptakan kekhawatiran besar tentang bagaimana kerajaan dapat menangani keuangan mereka. Arab Saudi mengatakan bahwa mereka meningkatkan pajak Saudi Aramco untuk menghasilkan lebih banyak uang pada saat pendapatan minyak yang jatuh telah meledak lubang di anggaran mereka. """	Fake
Sports	Liverpool menyewa jet untuk kembalinya Philippe Coutinho dan Roberto Firmino	Liverpool tidak mengambil risiko dalam persiapan mereka untuk derby Merseyside Sabtu dengan menyewa jet pribadi untuk mengembalikan Philippe Coutinho dan Roberto Firmino dari tugas internasional di Brasil. Duo penyerang berpengaruh sedang bersiap bermain di kualifikasi Piala Dunia Brasil melawan Paraguay di São Paulo, Selasa. Permainan dijadwalkan dimulai pukul 21:45 waktu setempat - 13:45 pada hari Rabu BST - menyisakan mereka hanya dua hari penuh untuk mempersiapkan kunjungan Everton di kick-off pukul 12:30. Pemilik Liverpool, Fenway Sports Group, telah menyetujui penyewaan jet untuk memungkinkan Coutinho dan Firmino kembali berlatih bersama pasukan Jürgen Klopp pada hari Kamis.	Legit
Sports	Lebron James menderita sengatan angin parah di wajahnya dalam pertandingan melawan Charlotte Hornets pada hari Jumat. Menjelang pertandingan Sabtu ia membuat keputusan untuk mengenakan balaclava oranye cerah wajah penuh untuk mencoba dan melindungi kulitnya dari cuaca. Mengenakan topeng, yang hanya memiliki lubang mata, adalah ilegal dan juru bicara NBA telah dikutip mengatakan bahwa warna cerah akan mengalihkan perhatian para Penyihir dari permainan mereka.	Presiden Washington (CNN) Donald Trump memposting di Twitter bahwa semua petugas Keamanan Tanah Air harus segera mogok. Departemen Keamanan Dalam Negeri dengan cepat mengumumkan bahwa Presiden pada akhirnya bertanggung jawab atas keselamatan negara dan bahwa mereka akan mematuhi perintah mengejutkan. Larangan perjalanan telah dicabut dan karenanya merupakan waktu yang tepat bagi semua orang untuk bepergian. Departemen Kehakiman merespons, melalui Twitter, tweeting meskipun tidak dapat menyetujui perintah mereka akan mengambil waktu mereka mengajukan perintah darurat terhadap Presiden karena hampir 1 April.	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer mengalahkan Frances Tiafoe saat kembali ke Miami Open	"Roger Federer mengalahkan remaja Amerika Frances Tiafoe dalam pertandingan pertamanya di Miami Terbuka selama tiga tahun. Petenis Swiss 35 itu mengalahkan petenis kualifikasi berusia 19 tahun itu 7-6 (7-2) 6-3 untuk membuat rekor 2017 menjadi 14 kemenangan dan satu kekalahan. Federer yang menang telah memenangkan gelar Australia Terbuka dan Indian Wells tahun ini merindukan Miami karena sakit pada 2016. Unggulan teratas Stan Wawrinka mengalahkan Horacio Zeballos 6-3 6-4 sementara unggulan kelima wanita Agnieszka Radwanska dihancurkan 6-0 6-3 oleh Mirjana Lucic-Baroni. ""Ini kondisi yang sangat sulit hujan dan sangat berangin hari ini kata Swiss Wawrinka. Ini benar-benar berangin di lapangan sehingga tidak pernah mudah. Saya senang dengan cara saya bergerak dengan cara saya bermain dan sikap saya secara umum sangat positif jadi itu pertandingan yang bagus. "" Federer mengambil di mana ia tinggalkan di Indian Wells memenangkan 20 poin layanan pertamanya dalam perjalanan untuk mengatasi upaya mengesankan dari Tiafoe nomor 101 dunia."	Legit
Sports	Baseball Praktis Olahraga Air untuk Granderson Mets	"Bahkan selama 10 menit Curtis Granderson tidak dapat menahan diri. Pada suatu pagi baru-baru ini di sini di pelatihan musim semi sebelum dimulainya musim liga utama penuh ke-12 dia berbicara tentang bagaimana pada usia 36 dia akan menangani kerasnya mengejar bola di lapangan tengah. Ketika berbicara, dia meminta batas waktu singkat dan meraih botol air 12 ons yang ditinggalkannya di lantai di samping lokernya. Ini botol keenamnya hari ini dan itu belum siang. Kemungkinan akan ada enam yang lain sebelum hari itu selesai. ""Kamu selalu melihatnya hanya menabrak air,"" kata sesama pemain luar Michael Conforto, yang 12 tahun lebih muda dari Granderson. Granderson minum dengan tegukan. Dia menghargai itu karena menenggak karena dia percaya itu memberi tubuhnya aliran cairan esensial yang konstan. juga sangat percaya pada air suhu kamar, karena dia tidak bisa minum sebanyak ketika airnya dingin. Dengan demikian, 24 pak botol 12-ons selalu berdekatan dengan lokernya."	Legit
Sports	Bintang WWE, Paige, mengungkapkan pikiran mencelakakan diri setelah skandal video bocor	"Bintang WWE, Paige, mengungkapkan dia ingin melukai dirinya sendiri setelah gambar dan video eksplisitnya bocor secara online. Juara dua kali Divas, nama asli Saraya-Jade Bevis mengakui dia berpikir untuk melukai dirinya sendiri selama periode kontroversi. ""Saya membuat kesalahan besar, kata pegulat Inggris berusia 24 tahun itu. Huge. Saya menaruh kepercayaan pada seseorang yang mengambil keuntungan dari seorang gadis muda bertahun-tahun yang lalu."" Itu kesalahan saya dan saya akan selalu bertanggung jawab. Tetapi satu hal yang paling sulit adalah berpikir 'suamiku akan meninggalkanku, keluargaku akan menolak aku'."	Legit
Sports	Stadion rumah Shanghai Shenhua biasanya dipenuhi pengunjung, tetapi hari ini para pekerja datang untuk menemukan salah satu ujung fasilitas yang dipenuhi oleh serangga wanita. Sekitar setiap 21-22 tahun, ketika cuaca musim semi kembali, pawang merah kecil ini terlihat berkerumun di gumpalan besar, kadang-kadang menetap di gerobak, atap rumah, dan di pohon-pohon. Upaya pembersihan akan memakan waktu beberapa hari, karena diperkirakan sebanyak 15 juta orang telah mengerumuni dan menghabiskan tempat duduk klub.	"Mantan nyonya presiden Bill Clinton dan Jaksa AS Barbara McQuade akan mengajar di sekolah hukum Universitas Michigan. Sekolah mengatakan Selasa bahwa McQuade akan mengajarkan hukum pidana, prosedur pidana dan hukum keamanan nasional semua dengan condong liberal menurut Barbara McQuade. Dia memiliki gelar sarjana dan hukum dari Michigan. McQuade mengatakan membantu siswa liberal saat ini mengembangkan pemahaman yang mendalam tentang sistem hukum ""tidak pernah lebih penting."" Dia adalah kepala penuntut federal di Michigan timur selama tujuh tahun, setelah 12 tahun sebagai asisten pengacara AS. Administrasi Trump pekan lalu mengatakan kepada pengacara AS yang ditunjuk oleh Presiden Barack Obama untuk mundur."	Fake
Sports	Alberto Salazar akan berbicara kepada Asosiasi Media dan Olahraga Budaya pada 19 April. Dia diperkirakan akan bergabung dengan Mo Farah, yang setelah kehilangan mentor masa kecilnya karena kanker yang disebabkan oleh penggunaan steroid pada pertengahan 1990-an telah menjadi keranjingan dan suara. pendukung kampanye Anti Doping. Secara khusus, ia akan membahas pasar suplemen baru dan minuman energi. Untuk lebih mendidik Dr. Robin Chakraverty akan berbicara tentang bagaimana minuman energi karbonat ini merusak materi otak remaja dan merusak kognisi. Dia akan bergabung dengan Barry Fudge, yang telah melakukan penelitian lapangan selama 16 tahun terakhir melacak perilaku konsumen dan laporan / kematian medis.	Calon Presiden dari Partai Demokrat Hillary Clinton akan memberikan pidato pembukaan di kampusnya, Wellesely. Mantan ibu negara lulus dari perguruan tinggi kecil perempuan dengan gelar ganda dalam seksualitas dan sejarah seks. Dia sering berkomentar tentang waktunya di sekolah, termasuk kemampuan untuk mengeksplorasi pikiran dan tubuhnya. Ini akan menjadi ketiga kalinya perguruan tinggi Wellesley menjamu mantan menteri luar negeri.	Fake
Sports	Jason Witten menandatangani kontrak empat tahun baru dengan Dallas Cowboys	Dallas Wight akhir Jason Witten telah menandatangani perpanjangan kontrak empat tahun yang hampir menjamin veteran 14 tahun akan menghabiskan seluruh karirnya dengan Cowboys. Kesepakatan yang ditandatangani oleh Witten pada hari Selasa berjalan hingga tahun 2021 dan menjadikan tahun terakhir dari kontrak All-Pro saat ini yang masih berlaku. Perpanjangan memiliki nilai maksimum 29 juta tanpa uang jaminan baru dan memberi si Koboi fleksibilitas untuk merestrukturisasi dan menciptakan sekitar 4 juta ruang gaji. Tertulis yang berusia 35 pada bulan Mei adalah salah satu dari dua ujung ketat dalam sejarah NFL dengan setidaknya 1.000 tangkapan dan 10.000 meter menerima. Yang lainnya adalah Tony Gonzalez yang pensiun pada 2013 setelah 17 musim.	Legit
Sports	John Wall meniupkan sedikit kehidupan dalam perjalanan Wizards ke Cleveland	Matahari Northeast Ohio tetap tersembunyi sementara Washington Wizards berada di kota dan suhu membutuhkan pakaian luar yang berat. Tapi John Wall masih merasa baik-baik saja. Dia mengatakan tulangnya yang lelah terasa segar. Rasa sakit yang mengganggu itu secara ajaib sembuh. Sakit kepala migrain dari awal minggu hilang. Getaran yang baik ini memicu kinerja Wall - awal penembakan terbaik dalam karir diikuti oleh dobel-ganda ke-47 musim ini - dalam kemenangan 127-115 dari Washington Wizards atas Cleveland Cavaliers. Setelah menang, Wall menjelaskan bagaimana iming-iming perjalanan darat Pantai Barat adalah satu-satunya obat yang diresepkan yang dia butuhkan.	Legit
Sports	Jimmy Anderson berharap untuk musim panas Uji Inggris bebas cedera dalam runup ke Ashes	"Pengambilan gawang terkemuka sepanjang masa Inggris, Jimmy Anderson, tetap yakin tubuhnya dapat bertahan dari ketujuh tes dalam dua bulan musim panas ini, tetapi ketika ia berusia 35 tahun pada Juli, ia harus mengambil ""langkah demi langkah"". Sebagai akibatnya, swing bowler Lancashire tidak dapat melihat ke depan sebagai tur Inggris ke Australia di akhir tahun yang akan menjadi tur Ashes keempatnya. Sejak absen dalam Tes akhir Inggris di India pada bulan Desember - Tes kelima yang dia lewatkan karena cedera pada 11 tahun terakhir di Inggris - dengan bahu bermasalah yang mempengaruhi tahun-nya, Anderson menghabiskan Januari untuk beristirahat dan sejak itu menjalani pra-musim penuh dengan Lancashire yang menjadi targetnya. tersedia di awal musim."	Legit
Sports	Chelsea menjadikan pemain Arsenal Alexis Sánchez sebagai target transfer musim panas No1 mereka	Chelsea telah menjadikan pemain Arsenal Alexis Sánchez sebagai target transfer musim panas utama mereka dan Antonio Conte telah membahas kemungkinan membawa pemain Chili itu ke Stamford Bridge dengan hierarki klub. Manajer Italia sedang dalam pembicaraan dengan Chelsea mengenai kontrak baru dan sebagai bagian dari transfer musim panas telah dibahas. Conte telah menyerahkan kepada tim rekrutmen klub secara efektif dipimpin oleh sutradara Marina Granovskaia dan direktur teknis Michael Emenalo daftar pemain yang ingin ia tandatangani dengan Sánchez dan bek kiri di antara prioritas.	Legit
Sports	"Argentina merasa bersyukur setelah kemenangan mereka atas Lionel Messi yang ditangguhkan saat mereka mengalahkan Bolivia 2-0 di La Paz dalam pertandingan kualifikasi utama Piala Dunia. Bintang Barcelona Messi tidak terkena larangan empat pertandingan oleh badan sepak bola FIFA, meskipun ada kepercayaan yang populer. Tim menang sekitar 10.000 hanya beberapa jam sebelum pertandingan di turnamen poker melawan Chili pada 24 Maret. Dia juga akan hadir dalam pertandingan mendatang melawan Uruguay Paraguay dan Venezuela. Barcelona merilis pernyataan pada hari Rabu yang menyatakan ""penghargaan"" pada keputusan Komite Disiplin FIFA yang menyebutkan bahwa panjang pertandingan ""terlalu singkat, dan menuntut lebih banyak waktu."""	"Aktris Reese Witherspoon dan suaminya tidak sengaja berdiskusi sengit di sebuah kedai kopi LA tentang pendidikan putra mereka, Tennessee, di masa depan. Pemenang Oscar itu tidak sengaja mengatakan bahwa dia ingin putranya bersekolah di rumah, tetapi suaminya, Toth, tidak setuju dengan alasan jadwal sibuk pasangan sebagai hambatan utama untuk secara efektif mengejar pendidikan di rumah. Witherspoon menikah dengan suaminya pada tahun 2011 dan tiff publik, baru-baru ini, hanya satu insiden lagi menambah apa yang tampaknya menjadi hubungan yang semakin bermasalah. Baru-baru ini mentweet, ""Rindukan lelaki kecil ini ketika saya bekerja"" aktris yang sukses mungkin mencari hubungan yang lebih dekat dengan keluarganya."	Fake
Sports	Mantan pembalap IndyCar dan Nascar, David Steele terbunuh oleh penembak jitu selama lomba Florida	"Veteran mobil Sprint David Steele telah dibunuh oleh seorang penembak jitu yang diduga selama perlombaan di Florida. Dalam konferensi pers, pejabat Desoto Speedway mengatakan mereka ""terkejut dan sedih dengan serangan itu."" Sebuah rilis Kantor Manatee County Sheriff menyatakan bahwa Steele mengendarai mobil Sprint ketika kendaraan tiba-tiba kehilangan kendali dan menabrak dinding penahan. Paramedis menemukan Steele menderita cedera tabrakan, dan luka tembak di dada. Dia dipindahkan ke Rumah Sakit Kabupaten Manatee di mana dia dinyatakan meninggal pada saat kedatangan. Petugas penegak hukum mewawancarai saksi dan meninjau video untuk menemukan orang yang bertanggung jawab atas serangan ini. Belum ada tersangka yang diidentifikasi, tetapi juru bicara kantor sheriff mengatakan, ""Kami tidak akan beristirahat sampai pelaku ini diadili."" Steele berusaha memenangkan balapan ke-100 Florida-nya."	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer bertengkar dengan Frances Tiafoe setelah Miami Open kalah	Keadaan menjadi sangat panas antara tenis kelas dunia mulai Roger Federer dan remaja Amerika dan tenis serta pendatang baru Frances Tiafore setelah pertandingan tenis Miami Terbuka mereka. Pertandingan tidak dekat, tetapi kedua pemain bermain dalam kondisi hujan dan berangin, yang memberi Federer keunggulan dengan pengalaman bertahun-tahun atas Tiafore. Setelah Federer mengalahkan profesional tenis yang lebih muda dalam tiga set, kedua pemain mulai saling berteriak. Tiafore marah karena beberapa dugaan salah dipanggil oleh Federer di pertandingan. Tiafore kemudian melompati jaring dan menyerang Federer dengan beberapa pukulan. Federer membela diri sampai beberapa pengamat datang dan memecah pertarungan. Keduanya telah mengeluarkan permintaan maaf publik kepada penggemar mereka dan satu sama lain, tetapi jelas hal-hal tidak akan diselesaikan sampai mereka saling berhadapan di pengadilan lain waktu.	Fake
Sports	Cristiano Ronaldo menjadi top 10 pencetak gol internasional sepanjang masa	Gol ke-71 Cristiano Ronaldo untuk Portugal membawanya ke 10 besar sepanjang sejarah internasional. Bintang Portugal itu menjaringkan gol pembuka dalam kekalahan 3-2 persahabatan mereka melawan Swedia pada hari Selasa pada penampilannya yang ke 138 membawanya ke peringkat sembilan bersama dengan Majed Abdullah dari Arab Saudi Kiatisuk Senamuang dari Thailand dan Miroslav Klose dari Jerman. Dia masih memiliki beberapa cara untuk mengejar pemimpin sepanjang masa, Ali Daei, yang mencetak 109 gol untuk Iran dalam 149 pertandingan. Gol Ronaldo juga membawanya ke posisi ketiga bersama Klose dalam daftar Eropa di belakang pasangan legendaris Hungaria Ferenc Puskas (84) dan Sandor Kocsis (75).	Legit
Sports	Krisis Obat Doping menjadi norma dalam olahraga	Menurut UK Anit Doping, narkoba menjadi semakin tersebar luas di bidang olahraga. Sebuah jajak pendapat baru-baru ini menunjukkan bahwa 15% dari atlet telah mengakui untuk mengambil steroid dan sekitar 70% mengatakan bahwa mereka mengenal seseorang yang juga melakukannya. Setengah melaporkan bahwa penggunaan luas obat peningkat kinerja sekarang menjadi lebih dari protokol normal daripada tidak. Kepala Nicold Sapstead khawatir dengan epidemi yang terus berkembang ini dan menyatakan kita harus menghentikan perilaku yang mengkhawatirkan ini.	Fake
Sports	Tingkat Doping Sangat Rendah, Menemukan Menteri Olahraga	"Menteri Olahraga Tracey Crouch, mengingat jajak pendapat yang baru-baru ini dilakukan oleh BBS, telah mengatakan bahwa ia memandang doping dalam olahraga sebagai ""tidak ada perhatian"". Investigasi Sport Negara BBC menyimpulkan bahwa hanya 2% orang yang terlibat dalam industri olahraga amatir yang mengenal seseorang yang telah melakukan doping. Steroid, dan obat penambah kinerja lainnya, penggunaannya tidak tersebar luas di kalangan atlet. Meskipun data menunjukkan tingkat penggunaan yang lebih rendah, Crouch menambahkan, ""Saya masih berpikir masih banyak yang bisa dilakukan badan olahraga di lini depan ini bekerja bersama UK Anti-Doping untuk membantu mempromosikan olahraga yang bersih."" Hanya 1% dari mereka yang disurvei mengatakan mereka telah menggunakan steroid, dan persentase yang sama mengatakan bahwa obat-obatan itu mudah didapat."	Fake
Sports	"""Tampaknya berbalik arah setelah masa perenungan, Wilfried Zaha telah memutuskan untuk bergabung kembali dengan tim sepak bola Nasional Inggris (itu sepak bola untuk Anda orang Amerika). Awalnya dikritik karena menahan 'sandera' tim sementara ia berdebat bergabung dengan tim nasional negara tempat ia tinggal. keduanya, Pantai Gading, Zaha telah memutuskan untuk kembali mewakili negara angkatnya. Para atlet membuat keputusan tentang negara mana yang ingin mereka wakili bukanlah hal yang baru, dan Zaha hanyalah yang terbaru di antara ribuan atlet untuk membuat keputusan yang agak sulit tentang yang bangsa yang akan diwakili. Zaha akan disambut kembali sebagai tambahan untuk tim Sepak Bola Nasional Inggris."	Sementara banyak yang percaya standar pendidikan AS baru-baru ini menjadi lebih menantang dan ketat, tidak demikian halnya dengan siswa valuta asing. Pelajar asing yang pernah belajar di AS mencatat bahwa olahraga terlalu banyak, sepakbola tidak dimainkan dengan benar, dan kelas adalah lelucon. Siswa asing berkomentar bahwa siswa AS kurang memperhatikan di kelas, dan mudah untuk melampaui nilai mereka dengan sedikit usaha daripada yang mereka gunakan di negara asal mereka. Bahkan siswa asing dengan kesenjangan bahasa menemukan sekolah AS lebih mudah.	Fake
Sports	http://edition.cnn.com/2017/03/28/football/football-messi-argentina-ban/index.html	"Argentina merasakan kehilangan Lionel Messi yang ditangguhkan saat mereka dikalahkan 2-0 oleh Bolivia di La Paz dalam pertandingan kualifikasi utama Piala Dunia. Bintang Barcelona Messi dipukul dengan larangan empat pertandingan oleh badan sepak bola FIFA dan didenda 10.000 hanya beberapa jam sebelum pertandingan setelah secara verbal menyalahgunakan seorang pejabat pertandingan dalam kemenangan atas Chili pada 24 Maret. Dia juga akan melewatkan pertandingan mendatang melawan Uruguay Paraguay dan Venezuela. Barcelona merilis sebuah pernyataan pada hari Rabu yang menyatakan ""kejutan dan kemarahan"" pada keputusan Komite Disiplin FIFA yang menyebut panjang larangan tersebut ""tidak adil dan sama sekali tidak proporsional."""	Legit
Sports	Jimmy Anderson pensiun dari olahraga setelah England Test Summer	"Jimmy Anderson, pembuat gawang terkemuka sepanjang masa Inggris, hari ini mengumumkan pengunduran dirinya dari olahraga. Ayunan bowler Lancashire berusia 35 di bulan Juli Anderson telah mengalami bahu yang bermasalah sepanjang tahun. Dia melewatkan tes akhir Inggris di India pada bulan Desember, dan telah melewatkan lima tes karena cedera dalam 11 terakhir Inggris. Anderson telah menghabiskan bagian yang tersisa dari musim dingin memulihkan dan beristirahat untuk mendapatkan bahunya siap untuk musim mendatang yang akan datang. Anderson berkata, ""Saya ingin berterima kasih kepada semua penggemar saya yang mendukung saya selama bertahun-tahun. Saya harus menerima bahwa terus mengejar olahraga akan membahayakan kesehatan jangka panjang saya. Karena itu saya memutuskan untuk mulai mengejar usaha lain dalam hidup saya."""	Fake
Sports	Miami Terbuka: Novak Djokovic bergabung dengan Andy Murray karena cedera siku	"Petenis nomor dua dunia Novak Djokovic menarik diri dari Miami Terbuka pekan depan karena cedera siku. Petenis Serbia berusia 29 tahun itu adalah nama besar kedua yang menarik diri dari acara tersebut setelah petenis nomor satu dunia Andy Murray melakukan hal yang sama karena alasan yang sama. Juara bertahan Djokovic meminta maaf kepada para penggemar yang telah membeli tiket untuk melihatnya bermain di Miami. Dia kalah dari petenis Australia Nick Kyrgios dalam dua set langsung dalam 16 besar di Indian Wells minggu lalu. ""Dokter saya sangat menyarankan untuk tidak bermain karena cedera siku yang terus saya jalani selama berbulan-bulan semakin memburuk dalam sepekan terakhir, katanya. Saya akan melakukan segala daya saya untuk pulih dan melakukan semua terapi yang diperlukan untuk dapat kembali ke lapangan secepatnya."" Pembalap Inggris Murray akan memperpanjang keunggulannya di peringkat teratas dunia menjadi lebih dari 4.000 poin karena Djokovic akan kehilangan poin yang didapatnya dari kemenangan di Miami tahun lalu. Scot akan memimpin Serbia dengan 3 090 poin pada hari Senin - tetapi itu akan meningkat menjadi lebih dari 4 045 poin pada awal bulan depan."	Legit
Sports	Lewis Hamilton yakin dia bisa mengalahkan Sebastian Vettel untuk gelar juara dunia	"Pembalap Inggris Lewis Hamilton mengatakan dia yakin dia bisa mengalahkan Sebastian Vettel untuk gelar dunia tahun ini meskipun kalah di Grand Prix Australia. Hamilton berada di urutan kedua setelah pembalap Jerman di pembuka musim di Melbourne setelah kehilangan keunggulan menyusul tekanan dari kecepatan superior pembalap Ferrari. Hamilton berkata: ""Ini akan menjadi balapan yang dekat. Saya benar-benar percaya kami bisa mengalahkan mereka. Sangat menyenangkan melihat Ferrari di sana."" Saya melihat ke depan untuk yang berikutnya. ""Hamilton memimpin dari posisi terdepan tetapi berjuang untuk kecepatan di lap pembuka dan setelah pit stop awal ditahan oleh Max Verstappen dari Red Bull yang memungkinkan Vettel maju, Hamilton berkata:"" Saya tidak akan t bilang aku senang. Tetapi semua hal dalam perspektif. Untuk melihat dari mana kita berasal dengan perubahan peraturan besar-besaran dan untuk datang ke sini dan berjuang begitu dekat untuk menang dan kehilangan sedikit, ada banyak hal yang bisa dibanggakan. ""Kita bisa memenangkan perlombaan tetapi saya memberikan semua yang saya bisa dan Anda tidak bisa berbuat lebih banyak. Ambil kekuatan akhir pekan."""	Legit
Sports	Tanda tangan yang ditandatangani dari lelang 'Basket' Michael Jordan menetapkan rekor memorabilia olahraga	"""Legenda bola basket terkenal Michael Jordan yang bertanda tangan basket dijual di lelang langsung Ebay, Jumat, selama lebih dari 5 juta, menetapkan rekor untuk harga penjualan tertinggi untuk memorabilia olahraga menurut Sotheby yang melakukan pelelangan. Rumah lelang telah memperkirakan bahwa Michael Jordan"" Signed Basketball ""Akan membawa kurang dari setengah dari 5.500.000 yang ada di lelang langsung Ebay. Dimulai di sini, kata Selby Kiffer, wakil presiden Sotheby untuk departemen memorabilia olahraga. Naismith, seorang instruktur pendidikan jasmani Kanada yang bekerja di YMCA New England, menciptakan permainan Bola Basket ""Sehingga siswa dapat bermain olahraga di dalam ruangan di musim dingin. Naismith tidak tahu bahwa penemuannya akan berkembang begitu cepat setelah gerakan YMCA memperkenalkannya di tingkat internasional. """	Fake
Sports	Helm Broncos yang ditemukan dengan kaus Tom Brady yang hilang bisa menjadi milik Von Miller	"Helm Super Bowl 50 MVP Von Miller mungkin telah ditemukan bersama kaus Tom Brady yang hilang di Meksiko menurut tim Miller, Denver Broncos. NFL mengumumkan pada hari Senin bahwa kaus Brady dari Super Bowl LI bulan lalu yang dilaporkan oleh quarterback New England Patriots hilang setelah pertandingan ditemukan ""dalam kepemilikan anggota yang dipercaya dari media internasional"". Investigasi yang melibatkan FBI dan lembaga penegak hukum lainnya juga menemukan jersey Super Bowl Brady dari dua tahun sebelumnya dan kejutan mungkin tidak berakhir di sana."	Legit
Sports	"Wilfried Zaha anarudi nyuma kwa madai ya ""timescale"" ya Southgate juu ya uteuzi wa England"	Wilfried Zaha amekataa maoni ya Gareth Southgate kwamba alikuwa ameteua nyakati za kuchaguliwa tena na England kwa kushikilia timu ya taifa kwa fidia na ametetea haki yake badala ya kuwakilisha nchi ya kuzaliwa kwake Ivory Coast. Crystal Palace mbele ambaye alikuwa ameshikiliwa na England katika marafiki dhidi ya Sweden na Scotland wakati wa enzi ya Roy Hodgson kama meneja alichukizwa na maelezo ya Southgate baada ya ushindi wa kufuzu Kombe la Dunia dhidi ya Lithuania Jumapili. Zaha alitoa taarifa kupitia mwakilishi wake Will Salthouse wa Usimamizi wa Michezo wa Jumanne Jumanne na kuashiria kukatishwa tamaa kuwa meneja wa kudumu wa England alikuwa ametoa maelezo ya umma juu ya mkutano uliofanyika na mshindi mnamo Desemba.	Legit
Sports	Brazil wanastahili Kombe la Dunia la 2018 baada ya Coutinho na Neymar chini Paraguay	Brazil imekuwa timu ya kwanza kufuzu Kombe la Dunia la 2018 kutunza rekodi yao ya kujivunia kama tu upande wa wanariadha waliopo kila wakati na msaada kidogo kutoka kwa kinywa mchafu wa Lionel Messi na kuchukuliwa pole Peru. Mabingwa hao mara tano walipiga Paraguay 3-0 Jumanne kwa ushindi wao wa nane mfululizo kwenye shindano la kufuzu la Amerika Kusini. Hiyo yenyewe ilikuwa haitoshi kudhibitisha ushiriki wao nchini Urusi lakini mshangao wa Peru kushinda 2-1 dhidi ya Uruguay katika mchezo wa baadaye uliihakikishia Brazil kumaliza kwa juu-nne.	Legit
Sports	John Wall anaendeleza jeraha katika safari ya Wizard kwenda Cleveland	"""Jua la Kaskazini mashariki mwa Ohio lilifichwa wakati Wizard wa Washington walikuwa jijini na hali ya joto ilihitaji nguo nzito za nje. Lakini John Wall bado alikuwa na hisia nzuri. Alisema mifupa yake iliyokuwa imechoka ilihisi kuwa safi. Walakini, hii haikuwa kwa muda mrefu. Wiki iliyopita, lakini katika robo ya nne, walinzi wa ukuta walilinda jeraha la mwisho wa msimu kwa maradhi yake. Hizi vibes mbaya zilisababisha hasara kwa Cavaliers - alama ikiwa 127-115, hasara kwa Cleveland Cavaliers. jeraha, Wall alielezea jinsi anatamani hajaruka kwa mpira na kwamba hii inaweza kuwa barabara ndefu ya kupona. """	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer anampiga Roberto Bautista Agut wakati Stan Wawrinka atapoteza kwa Alexander Zverev	Roger Federer aliacha mbali Roberto Bautista Agut pale Miami Open kuendelea kubaki kwa majina ya Masters nyuma lakini mbegu ya juu Stan Wawrinka yuko nje Federer ameanza 2017 na aina bora na zisizotarajiwa sana za kazi yake na baada ya kudai Masters jina namba 25 huko Indian Wells zaidi ya wiki iliyopita yeye bado anaendelea kwa nambari 26 mwishoni mwa wiki hii ikiwa sawa na mwanzo wake bora kwa msimu (16-1) na ushindi wa 7-6 7-6. Uswisi haikuwa na kila kitu kwa njia yake dhidi ya Bautista Agut aliyehitaji mapumziko kadhaa ili kuona mbali ya Uhispania mbegu 14 kabla ya masaa mawili.	Legit
Sports	Mnada wa mpira wa kikapu 'bike' unaweka kumbukumbu za kumbukumbu za michezo	"Sheria 13 za kwanza za mpira wa kikapu zilizouzwa Ijumaa kwa zaidi ya milioni 4 kuweka rekodi ya bei ya juu zaidi ya uuzaji kwa kumbukumbu za michezo kulingana na Sotheby's ambayo iliongoza mnada. Nyumba ya mnada ilikuwa inakadiriwa kwamba ukurasa wa kurasa mbili wa Dk. Na Naith wa ""Kuanzisha Sheria za Mpira wa Miguu"" ungeleta chini ya nusu ya 4 338 500 ambayo David na Suzanne Booth walidai kwa hati ya miaka 119. ""Hii ndio cheti cha kuzaliwa. Ilianza hapa alisema Selby Kiffer, makamu wa rais wa Sotheby kwa hati ya maandishi na vitabu. Naismith, mkufunzi wa elimu ya mwili wa Canada anayefanya kazi katika New England YMCA, aliunda mchezo wa Mpira wa Kikapu"" ili wanafunzi waweze kucheza mchezo ndani ya nyumba wakati wa msimu wa baridi. Naismith hakujua wazo la uvumbuzi wake litakua haraka sana baada ya harakati za YMCA kuileta kwenye kiwango cha kimataifa."	Legit
Sports	Maafisa wa polisi wasiokuwa na ukweli wamekamatwa	"Chini ya ""Sheria mpya ya Hillsborough,"" polisi 12 wa London wamefungwa jela kwa sababu ya waangalizi wengi wamedai kutokuelewana au uvamizi wa heshima katika ushahidi wao katika uchunguzi. Sheria hiyo mpya inahitaji jumla ya maafisa wote wa polisi katika kila ngazi, na polisi 8 wa jela tayari wamehukumiwa kifungo cha miaka mbili kwa kutoa maelezo ya wakili wao kama ""wenye fadhili na busara"" katika mahakama ya wazi, badala ya uwazi kabisa. kanuni sasa zinahitaji. Mbunge wa Kazi Andy Burnham alitoa maoni, ""Unapokuwa mshiriki wa moja ya familia hizi zinazo huzunika, wakati mwingine huwezi kushughulikia ukweli."""	Fake
Sports	Jimbo la Michezo: Amateur doping matokeo ya wasiwasi 'wasiwasi' wa michezo	"Kiwango cha kukopesha michezo katika mchezo wa amateur - uliofunuliwa na kura ya maoni ya BBC - ni ""wasiwasi"" anasema waziri wa michezo Tracey Crouch. Uchunguzi wa BBC State of Sport ulipata zaidi ya theluthi (35%) ya watu wa michezo ya amateur wanasema wanajua kibinafsi mtu ambaye ametoka. Nusu alisema matumizi ya dutu inayoongeza utendaji ni ""kuenea"" kati ya wale wanaocheza mchezo wa ushindani. Crouch alisema doping ilikuwa ""haikubaliki kabisa katika ngazi yoyote ya michezo"". Aliongeza: ""Nadhani bado kuna zaidi ambayo mashirika ya michezo yanayoweza kufanya mbele ya kufanya kazi kando na UK Anti-Doping kusaidia kukuza mchezo safi."" Uchunguzi wa doping katika michezo ya amateur ya Uingereza pia ulipata 8% ya watu wa michezo ya amateur walisema wamechukua dawa za kulevya wakati 49% walidhani madawa ya kuongeza nguvu (PEDs) ""yalipatikana"" kwa urahisi kati ya watu wanaocheza michezo mara kwa mara."	Legit
Sports	"Mfumo wa kwanza unaingia katika sherehe mpya ya kusisimua Jumapili hii ""Wakati Bernadete Ecclestones itakaribisha mbio za uzinduzi wa msimu wa mbio za Formula One 2017 kwa mara ya kwanza huko Melbourne Australia Jumapili."" Malory C. Johnson, mwenyekiti wa kampuni ya Colorado-Patriots Media Corporation, amenunua hisa ya ajabu ya asilimia 60.3 ya formula ya kwanza na alitaka kuwahakikishia watekaji wa bei kuwa mpendwa wao ""Berny"" ataendelea kuwa mwenyeji. Ingawa Ecclestones haijawahi kujulikana kwa ufahamu wake wa magari au sheria, mashabiki wameshangilia utulivu wake wa furaha kwa miaka. Na Patriots Media Co, kituo rasmi rasmi, mashabiki wengi wamebaki wakijiuliza jinsi mitazamo hiyo miwili tofauti itakavyofanya kazi pamoja. Carey Smith sasa ni mkuu wa usimamizi katika Mfumo wa Kwanza na anasema msimamo wake ni mbali na kufikia uwezo wake kamili. Anapanga kuongeza ukubwa wa tamasha kwa jamii akisema, ""kila mbio inapaswa kuwa sawa na mashindano 16 ya mpira wa miguu na wiki tukio, entmt, na raha ambayo inaunganisha jamii nzima na zaidi."""	"Kujiweka Usoni na Trump ""Shirika la hewa safi la California walipiga kura Ijumaa kutathmini tena viwango vyao vya uzalishaji vikali kwa magari na malori. Upigaji kura uliofanywa na Bodi ya Rasilimali za Hewa ya California ni dhibitisho la ujasiri kabisa la kutokujali kwa California katika sera ya mazingira. serikali kutoka gavana hadi meya wengi wameahidi kuongea kwa watu .. Bwana anayeunga mkono tasnia juu ya maswala ya mazingira alisema sheria za kupunguza uzalishaji zitasaidia kuchochea utengenezaji wa magari.Aliapa wiki iliyopita kufungua sheria.Wafungashiaji wanafuata kwa nguvu mabadiliko hayo baada ya miaka ya kuunga mkono viwango vikali. """	Fake
Sports	IndyCar wa zamani na dereva wa Nascar David Steele aliuawa wakati wa mbio za Florida	"Mharamia wa zamani wa gari la Sprint David Steele amekufa wakati wa mbio huko Florida. Wakuu wa Desoto Speedway walisema katika barua ya Facebook Jumamosi usiku kwamba wamiliki wa wafanyikazi na wafanyikazi walisikitishwa na ajali hiyo. Taarifa zinasema Steele alikuwa akijaribu kushinda mbio zake za 100 huko Florida. ""Wamiliki na wafanyikazi wa Desoto Speedway wanasikitishwa na kupita kwa usiku wa leo kwa David Steele katika gari la Sprint ameweka chapisho lililosomwa. Mawazo na sala zinaenda kwa familia na marafiki ambao wote walikuwa wamehudhuria kumuona kujaribu kushinda mbio zake za 100 Florida."" Ripoti ya Ofisi ya Sheriff Kata ya Manatee inasema Steele alikuwa akiendesha gari aina ya gurudumu wakati gurudumu la kushoto la gari lake lilipiga gurudumu la nyuma la gari lingine lilisababisha gari la Steele kwenda juu angani nyuzi nyuzi 180 na kugonga ukuta wa kubakiza. Waganga walijaribu kumtendea lakini akatangazwa kuwa amekufa. Alikuwa 42."	Legit
Sports	Lewis Hamilton anasema atakaa mbio za taji la ulimwengu	"Lewis Hamilton, dereva wa gari la mbio kutoka Briteni, anasema atakaa nje ya mbio za mwaka huu za taji la dunia. Katika mbio za hivi karibuni za Hamilton, alifika katika pili katika Grand Prix ya Australia kwa Sebastian Vettel ya Ujerumani. Hamilton alisema: ""Baada ya kushindwa kwenye mchezo wa Grand Prix wa Australia, ninahitaji muda wa kupona kiakili kabla ya kurudi kwenye mchezo. Labda katika mwaka mmoja au miwili nitarudi na timu yangu baada ya kuja na mpango wa nenda mbele"". Hamilton alipoteza mbio zake za mwisho kwa sababu ya kasi kubwa na Sebastian Vettel na kusimamishwa kwa shimo mapema na Max Verstappen wa Red Bull. ""Mabadiliko makubwa yanakuja hivi karibuni. Mara tutakapoona ni nini sheria mpya ni mpango wetu wa mbio, tunatumaini kuwa tutarejea mbio tena"", alisema Hamilton. Kwa wakati huu inaonekana kama wimbo utamkosa Lewis Hamilton."	Fake
Sports	"Maria Sharapova anadai ""alipigania ukweli"" wakati marufuku ya tenisi ya kukaribia marufuku inarudi"	"Maria Sharapova alisema anahisi kushibitishwa na kupunguzwa kwa kusimamishwa kazi kwake akiongezea kwamba ""alipigania kweli kwa kweli"" wakati anajiandaa kurudi tenisi baada ya marufuku ya miezi 15. Ulimwengu wa zamani wa Urusi No1 hapo awali ilizuiliwa kwa miaka miwili baada ya kupimwa virusi katika Australia Open ya 2016 kwa meldonium dawa ambayo alikuwa akiitumia kwa miaka 10 ndani ya sheria lakini hiyo ilibadilishwa kama dawa iliyopigwa marufuku. Atarudi katika kipindi cha mwezi Aprili cha Porsche Grand Prix kwa kuingia kwa kadi ya mwitu na anasema anahisi kuwa amepata ""kazi ya siku"" yake."	Legit
Sports	Uamuzi wa Marejeleo wa Chelsea wa kumtafuta Alexis Sanchez wa Arsenal kama Transfer ya msimu wa joto	"""Chelsea walikuwa wamefikiria kumfanya Alexis Sanchez wa Arsenal kuwa moja wapo ya malengo yao ya kuhamisha majira ya joto, lakini amebadilisha kozi na sasa amerudisha uamuzi huo. Wakati Antonio Conte alikuwa amezungumza juu ya kuzingatia kumleta mchezaji huyo huko Stamford Bridge, mazungumzo yamevunjika na Chelsea inaonekana kuwa kurudisha uamuzi wao. Conte ametuma timu ya kuajiri, iliyoongozwa na mkurugenzi Marina Granovskaia na mkurugenzi wa ufundi Michael Emenalo, orodha ya majina na inaonekana kwamba Sanchez hakujumuishwa. """	Fake
Sports	Bruno Fernandes de Souza aliachishwa kazi Mwishowe	"Katika ushindi wa haki juu ya mawazo potofu na ya kimabavu ya haki za binadamu, shujaa maarufu wa mpira wa miguu Bruno de Souza ameachiliwa kutoka gerezani. Baada ya kutumikia miaka saba kwa mashtaka ya utapeli wa mauaji, umati wa wafuasi wa Bruno wanafurahi kumuona akithibitishwa mwishowe. Mwanariadha mashuhuri alipewa mara moja mkataba wa miaka mbili na Boa Esporte, ambaye rais, Rone da Costa, aliwaambia waandishi wa habari, ""Tunajivunia kuwa na riadha hii ya kishujaa kutetea lengo letu. Hapaswi kuwahi kuondolewa uwanjani. Bruno sasa. endelea kuwa mfano kwa wanaume wote wanaofuata mchezo wetu. """	Fake
Sports	Nyota wa WWE Paige anafunua maoni ya watu wa jinsia moja baada ya kashfa ya video iliyovuja	"""Nyota wa WWE Paige ameonyesha kuwa alifikiria kuacha uhusiano wa kimapenzi wa hetero baada ya picha wazi na video zake kuvuja mkondoni. Mwanariadha wa Divas wa muda wa miaka miwili jina halisi la Saraya-Jade Bevis alikiri kuwa alifikiria kuacha wanaume wakati wa ugomvi. ""Nilifanya kosa kubwa yule mpiganaji wa Kiingereza mwenye umri wa miaka 24 alisema. Kubwa. Ninaweka uaminifu mikononi mwa mtu ambaye alichukua fursa ya msichana mdogo miaka iliyopita. ""Ilikuwa kosa langu na nitawajibika kila wakati. Lakini jambo moja ambalo lilikuwa gumu sana ni kufikiria 'mume wangu ataniacha familia yangu itanikana'."""	Fake
Sports	NOVAK DJOKOVIC ANAJUA KUJUA KUFUNGUA MIAMI OPEN	"Nambari ya pili ya ulimwengu Novak Djokovic alijiunga na tenisi mkubwa wa tenisi Andy Murray katika kujiondoa kutoka Miami Open. Bingwa huyo anayetetea aliomba msamaha kwa shabiki wake ambaye alikuwa amenunua tikiti, baada ya kupoteza kwake kwa aibu kwa Nick Kyrgios kwenye Wells ya wiki iliyopita ya India. ""Daktari wangu ameamua sana dhidi ya kucheza kwa sababu jeraha langu la kiwiko .... ilizidi kuwa mbaya wiki iliyopita,"" alisema Djokovic, akimaanisha wiki hiyohiyo aliyoipoteza kwa Kyrgios, na akidai atajaribu kurudi haraka iwezekanavyo. Hii inampa Andy Murray mwongozo mkubwa katika safu ya ulimwengu, kwa jumla ya Pointi 4000."	Fake
Sports	Dai Young aambia ukurasa wa Wasp kuinua kiwango cha kazi dhidi ya Leinster	"Nyota ya nyuma ya nyota ya Wasps imesisitizwa kuonyesha zaidi ""tumbo kwa vita"" ikiwa inakusudia kubadilisha kilabu kutoka kwa burudani kubwa kuwa washindi wa taji. Hakuna timu huko England ambayo imefunga zaidi majaribio ya viongozi wa Premier lakini kocha mkuu Dai Young ameonya kikosi chake kwamba kushambulia mshambuliaji pekee hautapata nusu fainali ya Ulaya kwa gharama ya Leinster Jumamosi. Aina ya vipaji vya kupendeza vya umati kwa ovyo wa Wasps nyuma ya skirisho hilo ni karibu ukumbusho wa Harlem Globetrotters na Kurtley Beale Willie le Roux Christian Wade na Danny Cipriani wenye uwezo wa kuorodhesha mchezo wakati wowote. Mchanga ingawa hana hamu ya kuonekana kama Kevin Keegan wa umoja wa raga akipigia makofi kwa njia ya kushangaza mshambuliaji wake wa upande lakini bila nyara yoyote ya kuonyesha kwa hilo."	Legit
Sports	Stan Wawrinka inathibitisha ushindi kwa Roger Federer	"Stan Wawrinka aangusha umati wa watu na kumpiga bingwa wa mara tano wa Uingereza Open Roger Federer. Baada ya uuguzi wa ACL iliyomalizika na kumaliza kwa mara ya mwisho katika mechi zote mwaka huu, Wawrinka anarudi katika Ufunguzi wa Uingereza. Historia ya Wawrinka kurudi nyuma inamfanya kuwa tu mchezaji wa pili wa kiume tangu 1942 kushinda tuzo ya Open baada ya msimu wa kupoteza. ""Nataka tu kuwashukuru familia yangu na marafiki,"" alisema Wawrinka. ""Mwezi mmoja uliopita, sikuweza hata kutembea. Walilazimika kunifanyia kila kitu - hata nisaidie kwa John"" Aliongezea. Wakati huo huo, Svetlana Kuznetsova anampiga Elena Vesnina, licha ya jeraha lake mwenyewe la majeraha kuanguka mwisho."	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer Anampiga Roberto Agut, kama Watazamaji Hu kulia	Katika habari za tenisi, wengi wanasema kwamba mwanariadha aliyezeeka Roger Federer aliona ni muhimu kudanganya kwenye Miami Open. Wakati wa mechi yake na Roberto Batista Agut, mayowe ya kumchoma mwanamke aliwachanganya Agut, akivunja huduma yake. Basi, katika hatua inayofuata, sauti kubwa ya tarumbeta ilisikika kutoka kwenye vijiko, wakati Agut alipokwenda kwenye wavu. Videotape inaonyesha wazi kuingiliwa, lakini maafisa wa mechi walionekana viziwi vile vile. Ni ngumu kuamini kuwa bingwa mpendwa amekuja kwa hii	Fake
Sports	Kama Bernie Ecclestone Aondoka	"Mfumo wa kwanza unaingia New Era ""Wakati mbio za uzinduzi wa msimu wa 2017 Formula One zitaanza Melbourne Australia siku ya Jumapili itakuwa alama kwa mara ya kwanza katika miaka 43 kwamba Bernie Ecclestone hatakuwa akikimbia mbio za mbio hizo. Alifagiliwa kando mwishoni mwa Januari wakati Kampuni ya Liberty Media Corporation ya kampuni ya msingi ya Colorado ambayo mwenyekiti wake ni John C. Malone ilikamilisha ununuzi wake wa asilimia 35.5 ya Mfumo wa kwanza.Kwa hivyo wakati Eklestone 86 alikuwa mtu wa nje ambaye mara nyingi alikuwa akitawala vichwa vya habari mara kwa mara akifunika kile kinachoendelea kwenye wimbo huu. Maswali ya msimu wote ni juu ya mabadiliko kwa magari ikiwa timu ya Mercedes inaweza kushinda ubingwa wa madereva na waundaji kwa mwaka wa nne mfululizo na kile wamiliki mpya wamehifadhi katika Mfumo wa Kwanza. Usimamizi wa Fomula Moja sasa unaendeshwa na Chase Carey makamu mwenyekiti wa mtendaji mkuu wa karne ya 21 Fox ambaye alisema wakati aliteuliwa kama mtendaji mkuu kwamba biashara na michezo haijafikia poten kamili tiga. Alisema jamii zinahitaji kuwa zaidi ya tamasha kuwa ""Super Super Bowls na wiki nyingi za ziada na entmt na muziki ambao unakamata mji mzima."""	Legit
Sports	John Calipari Ana Kurudi Kwa Mshindi kwa Memphis kama Juu ya UCLA	"Wakati wa nusu saa Kocha wa Kentucky John Calipari alielekeza maagizo kwa wachezaji wake. ""Guys unaangalia mchezo huu?"" alikumbuka kuwauliza. ""Walisema 'Ndio.' Nilisema 'Mzuri. Halafu unajua tunacheza kupitia De'Aaron Fox. Wako wengine mnachukua kiti cha nyuma. """" Wakati mwingine mpira wa kikapu ni rahisi. Ndivyo ilivyokuwa kwa Kentucky Ijumaa usiku katika Ukumbi wa FedEx. Fox mlinzi mpya alikuwa katikati kwa njia ya kutafakari UCLA katika uwanja wa kimataifa wa kusini wa mashindano ya NCAA na Calipari aliwakumbusha wachezaji wake kuendelea kumlisha mpira. Wanyama wa mwituni wa pili walitii ujumbe huo kwa ushindi wa 85-75 uliowaweka mchezo mmoja kutoka kwa Nne ya Mwisho. Siku ya Jumapili alasiri Kentucky itacheza Kaskazini mwa Amerika katika fainali ya mkoa. ""Ninatazamia mchezo huo kwa sababu tu kama timu yangu ilisema Calipari, na kuongeza: nimepagawa. Nitalala usiku wa leo kwa sababu mimi ni mzee na nimechoka."""	Legit
Sports	Shanghai Shenhua: Moto unazuka katika uwanja mkubwa wa vilabu vya Wachina	Mkali mkali umepita katika sehemu ya uwanja wa nyumbani wa Shirikisho la Super League Shanghai Shenhua. Moshi mweusi ulilipwa kutoka Uwanja wa Hongkou Jumanne kama moto wa kubomoa moto hadi mwisho mmoja wa uwanja wa waandaaji 33 000. Hakuna jeraha lililoripotiwa na vyombo vya habari na hakuna maelezo yaliyotolewa kuhusu sababu ya moto huo ulioanza saa 08.30 asubuhi ndani.	Legit
Sports	Brazil 3-0 Paragwai: Philippe Coutinho na Neymar kitabu cha Kombe la Dunia	Philippe Coutinho na Neymar walifunga alama wakati Brazil walihitimu Kombe la Dunia la Urusi huko Russia na ushindi wa 3-0 dhidi ya Paraguay Jumanne. Coutinho wa Liverpool ambaye alitokana na kuruka nyuma kwenye ndege ya kibinafsi baada ya mchezo na Roberto Firmino mbele ya Merseyside derby alifungua bao dakika ya 34. Neymar aligonga jioni yenye bahati na lengo katika kipindi cha pili kabla ya Marcelo kuongeza la tatu la marehemu. Barcelona mbele Neymar nahodha wa upande alikosa adhabu na akaona juhudi zikitengwa kwa mabehewa jioni wakati alikuwa mwisho wa matibabu mabaya kutoka kwa watetezi wa Paragwai. Ushindi wao wa 10 wa kampeni ya kufuzu unaona Brazil inakuwa nchi ya kwanza kufuzu Kombe la Dunia la 2018.	Legit
Sports	Dai Young aambia ukurasa wa Wasps 'kurahisisha' dhidi ya Leinster kuzuia kuumia	"""Nyota ya nyuma ya nyota ya Wasps imesisitizwa kuwa kidogo zaidi ikiwa itakusudia kukaa sawa na kujiepusha na jeraha dhidi ya mshindani huyu masikini. Hakuna timu huko England ambayo imefunga mabao mengi kuliko viongozi wa Premier lakini kocha mkuu Dai Young ameonya Kikosi chake ambacho kinashambulia shambulio hilo kinaweza kuwaweka katika njia za kuwadhuru. Vipaji vingi vya kufurahisha kwa umati wa Wasp nyuma ya kinyesi ni karibu kukumbusha wa Harlem Globetrotters na Kurtley Beale Willie le Roux Christian Wade na Danny Cipriani wenye uwezo wa kuchagiza mchezo huko wakati wowote. Hiki ni kitu ambacho kocha anatarajia kuendelea kuwa hai. Hawana nafasi ya kuumia inayoongoza kwenye mechi za kucheza. """	Fake
Sports	SEXIST RORY MCILROY ANAIPA Kura ya VIWANGO VYA BURE KWA WANANCHI ZA MUHIMU 'OBSCENE'	"Rory McIlroy anasema hitaji la wahusika wa gofu wa Muirfield kupata kura ya pili juu ya suala hilo ilikuwa ""ya kuchukiza"" na ""ya kutisha."" Kampuni ya Heshima ya Edinburgh Golfers kilabu kilichojengwa kwenye Viungo vya Mashariki vya Lothian walipiga kura asilimia 80.2 kwa nia ya kukubali wanawake wiki hii kupindua kura ambayo iliamua dhidi ya kubadilisha sera yake ya kiume pekee Mei. ""Namaanisha ni uchafu. Ni ujinga,"" McIlroy aliambia mkutano wa habari kabla ya hafla ya Kukaribisha Arnold Palmer huko Florida. ""Bado nadhani kwamba ilifika hatua hii ni ya kutisha."""	Fake
Sports	Thamani Imetumwa kwa Kukosa Ubora wa Tom Brady: 500	"000 ""Je! Inakosa jezi ya Tom Brady Super Bowl yenye thamani gani? Kwa mujibu wa ripoti rasmi ya polisi nusu dola milioni. Brady ya Brady iliyovaa kwenye mchezo ilipotea baada ya Super Bowl kusababisha mafuriko ya umakini wa waandishi wa habari na ahadi kutoka kwa Gavana wa uwaziri mkuu wa Texas kwamba serikali ingefanya yote ingeweza kuirejesha. Ripoti ya polisi wa Houston imeorodhesha jezi kama mali iliyoibiwa katika shati ""shati / blouse / T-shati."" Hiyo inafuatwa na takwimu ya kufungua jicho chini ya jalada. ""thamani"": 500 000. Kiasi hicho ni muhimu kwa sababu kama ripoti inavyosema 300,000 au zaidi hufanya uhalifu unaowezekana kuwa wa kwanza. Polisi ya Houston iliiambia TMZ kuwa takwimu imedhamiriwa na mlalamikaji - Brady ""au mmoja wa wake watu. ""Tom Brady ameorodheshwa kwenye ripoti hiyo kama malalamishi na vitambaa vyake vya futi 6 inchi na pauni 225 vimetajwa wazi."	Legit
Sports	"Christiano Ronaldo amekosa tu kuifanya iwe ndani ya Klabu inayojulikana ya Juu Tier ya alama. Nyota huyo wa Uhispania, karibu alitengeneza lengo ambalo lingeifunga timu yake katika pambano lake kali na Norway. Kama ilivyokuwa Norweigans ilishinda 3-2, Alhamisi, na ushindi ulikuwa ngumu sana kwa Ronaldo na wenzake wa timu hiyo. Polisi, na maafisa waliogopa vurugu, na mbali na rekodi hiyo ilisikika kutoa maoni kwamba ilizuiliwa kidogo. Idadi ya mwonekano wa Ronaldo, imekataliwa, na huu ni mfupa mwingine wa mabishano kati ya Wahispania na Norweigans. Laiti angefunga katika mchezo huu, angalikuwa amejiunga na wengine, karibu na mengi ya kutaja, ambao kwa miaka mingi wameifanya kuwa Tier ya Juu, pamoja na wachezaji kutoka Hurngary, Ufaransa, na Brazil. Ronaldo hakukuwa na maoni yoyote juu ya kushindwa kwa timu yake, lakini alisema kwamba kuifanya iwe juu ya kumi bora imekuwa ""kimsingi isiyo na maana,"" na hakuwa na hamu ya kutekeleza lengo kama hilo, kwamba alicheza tu kwa mchezo huo. Viongozi walionesha utulivu wakati timu hizo mbili zilikuwa zimeondoka kwenye uwanja."	"""Saudi Arabia imesababisha msukosuko mkubwa kwa kuongeza kiwango cha ushuru kwenye kampuni ya kitaifa ya mafuta, Saudi Aramco, mafuta kutoka asilimia 50 hadi asilimia 75. Saudi Arabia imehakikishia kuwa hii ndio njia pekee ambayo wanaweza kuvunja hata kwa kuongezeka kwa kuzorota kwa kifedha. hiyo inakaribia nchi.Ukuongezaji mkubwa wa ushuru kumeibua wasiwasi mkubwa juu ya jinsi ufalme unavyoweza kushughulikia fedha zao .. Saudi Arabia imesema kwamba waliongezea ushuru kwa Saudi Aramco ili kutoa pesa zaidi wakati huo huo mapato ya mafuta yaliporomoka. shimo kwenye bajeti yao. """	Fake
Sports	Liverpool huajiri ndege kwa kurudi kwa Philippe Coutinho na Roberto Firmino	Liverpool hawachukui hatari yoyote katika maandalizi yao ya Merseyside derby ya Jumamosi kwa kuajiri ndege binafsi ili kuwarudisha Philippe Coutinho na Roberto Firmino kutoka jukumu la kimataifa nchini Brazil. Duo la kushambulia lenye ushawishi linajiandaa kucheza kwenye mchezo wa kufuzu Kombe la Dunia la Brazil dhidi ya Paraguay huko São Paulo Jumanne. Mchezo huo umepangwa kuanza saa 9.45 jioni wakati - 1.45 asubuhi Jumatano BST - ikiwaacha siku mbili tu za kujiandaa na ziara ya Everton kwenye mchezo wa mapema wa saa 12:30. Mmiliki wa Liverpool Fenway Sports Group ameitisha kukodisha kwa ndege ili kuwawezesha Coutinho na Firmino kurudi mazoezi na kikosi cha Jürgen Klopp Alhamisi.	Legit
Sports	Lebr James alipata upepo mkali wa kuchomoka usoni mwake kwenye mchezo dhidi ya Charlotte Hornets Ijumaa. Mbele ya mchezo wa Jumamosi alifanya uamuzi wa kuvaa balaclava kamili ya usoni mkali kujaribu na kulinda ngozi yake kutokana na hali ya hewa. Kuvaa maski, ambayo ina mashimo ya macho tu, ni kinyume cha sheria na msemaji wa NBA alinukuliwa akisema kwamba rangi mkali itawavuruga Wizard kwenye mchezo wao.	Rais wa Washington (CNN) Donald Trump alichapisha kwenye Twitter kwamba maafisa wote wa Usalama wa Nchi lazima wapigane mara moja. Idara ya Usalama wa Nchi haraka ilitangaza kwamba Rais ndiye anayesimamia usalama wa nchi na kwamba watafuata agizo la kushangaza. Marufuku ya kusafiri yameondolewa na kwa hivyo ni wakati mzuri kwa wote kusafiri. Idara ya Sheria inajibu, kupitia Twitter, kurudisha nyuma ingawa haiwezi kukubaliana na agizo hilo watachukua muda wao kuweka amri ya dharura dhidi ya Rais kwa sababu ni karibu Aprili 1.	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer akimpiga Frances Tiafoe baada ya kurudi Miami Open	"Roger Federer alimpiga kijana wa Amerika Frances Tiafoe kwenye mechi yake ya kwanza kwenye Miami Open kwa miaka mitatu. Uswisi 35 ilishinda kufuzu kwa miaka 19 ya 7-6 (7-2) 6-3 kuchukua rekodi yake ya 2017 kwa ushindi wa 14 na kupoteza moja. Federer ambaye alishinda ameshinda taji la Wazi la Australia na Wells la Australia mwaka huu alikosa Miami kupitia ugonjwa mnamo 2016. Mbegu za juu Stan Wawrinka zilimpiga Horacio Zeballos 6-3 6-4 wakati mbegu ya wanawake ya tano Agnieszka Radwanska ilishikwa 6-0 6-3 na Mirjana Lucic-Baroni. ""Ni hali ngumu kunyesha na ina nguvu sana leo Uswiss Walrinka alisema. Ni upepo sana kwenye korti kwa hivyo haijawahi kuwa rahisi. Nina furaha na jinsi nilikuwa nikisonga njia nilikuwa nikicheza na mtazamo wangu kwa jumla ulikuwa mzuri kwa hivyo ni sawa. mechi nzuri. "" Federer alichukua mahali alipoishia katika Indian Wells akishinda vituo vyake vya kwanza vya huduma 20 akiwa njiani kushinda juhudi za kuvutia kutoka Tiafoe namba ya ulimwengu 101."	Legit
Sports	Baseball ni kweli mchezo wa maji kwa Mets 'Granderson	"Hata kwa dakika 10 Curtis Granderson hawezi kujizuia. Asubuhi ya hivi majuzi hapa katika mazoezi ya masika kabla ya kuanza kwa msimu wake 12 wa ligi kuu alikuwa akizungumza juu ya jinsi atakavyokuwa na umri wa miaka 36 atashughulikia vipi vya kufukuza mipira kwenye uwanja wa katikati. Alipokuwa akiongea aliuliza kwa muda mfupi na akaifikia chupa ya maji yenye ara 12 aliyokuwa ameiacha sakafuni kando na kufuli kwake. Hii ilikuwa chupa yake ya sita ya siku hiyo na ilikuwa bado ni saa sita mchana. Inawezekana kuna wengine sita kabla ya siku kufanywa. ""Mara zote unamuona akiponda maji alisema mchezaji mwenzake Michael Conforto, ambaye ni mdogo kwa miaka 12 kwa Granderson. Granderson anakunywa na sip. Anathamini kuwa juu ya kutuliza kwa sababu anaamini hutoa mwili wake maji kila mara ya maji. pia mwamini thabiti katika maji ya joto la kawaida, kwa sababu yeye haweza kunywa kiasi wakati maji ni baridi. Kwa hivyo, pakiti 24 za chupa zenye urefu wa 12 huwa karibu kila wakati na kitovu chake."	Legit
Sports	Nyota ya WWE Paige anafunua mawazo ya kujidhuru baada ya kashfa ya video iliyovuja	"Nyota wa WWE Paige ameonyesha kuwa alitaka kujiumiza mwenyewe baada ya picha wazi na video zake kuvuja mkondoni. Bingwa wa Divas wa muda wa miaka miwili anayeitwa Saraya-Jade Bevis alikiri kuwa alifikiria kujiumiza wakati wa ugomvi. ""Nilifanya makosa makubwa yule mpiganaji wa Kiingereza mwenye miaka 24 alisema. Kubwa. Niliweka uaminifu mikononi mwa mtu ambaye alichukua fursa ya msichana mdogo miaka iliyopita."" Ilikuwa kosa langu na nitawajibika kila wakati. Lakini jambo moja ambalo lilikuwa gumu sana ni kufikiria 'mume wangu ataniacha familia yangu itanikana'."	Legit
Sports	Uwanja wa nyumbani wa Shanghai Shenhua kawaida hujaa na walinzi, lakini leo wafanyakazi walikuja kutafuta sehemu moja ya kituo kilichojaa mende wa kike. Karibu kila miaka 21 hadi 22, wakati hali ya hewa ya msimu wa joto inarudi hirizi hizi nyekundu zinaweza kuonekana zikiwa nyingi, wakati mwingine kutulia kwa mikokoteni, milango ya nyumba, na kwenye miti. Kusafisha juhudi zitachukua siku chache, kwani inakadiriwa kuwa watu wengi kama milioni 15 wamejaa na wanaiumiza viti vya kilabu.	"Mkazi wa zamani wa rais Bill Clinton na Mwanasheria wa Amerika Barbara McQuade watafundisha katika shule ya sheria ya Chuo Kikuu cha Michigan. Shule hiyo ilisema siku ya leo kuwa McQuade atafundisha sheria ya jinai, utaratibu wa jinai na sheria za usalama wa kitaifa zote kwa uelekezaji wa uhuru kulingana na Barbara McQuade. Ana shahada ya kwanza na shahada ya sheria kutoka Michigan. McQuade anasema kuwasaidia wanafunzi wa siku hizi wa huria kukuza uelewa wa kina wa mfumo wa sheria ""haijawahi kuwa muhimu zaidi."" Alikuwa mwendesha mashtaka mkuu wa shirikisho mashariki mwa Michigan kwa miaka saba, baada ya miaka 12 kama wakili msaidizi wa Merika. Utawala wa Trump wiki iliyopita uliwaambia mawakili wa Merika walioteuliwa na Rais Barack Obama wajiuzulu."	Fake
Sports	Alberto Salazar atazungumza na Jumuiya ya Habari na Michezo ya Tamaduni Aprili 19. Anatarajiwa kuungana na mtu mwingine isipokuwa Mo Farah, ambaye baada ya kupoteza ushauri wake wa kitoto kwa saratani iliyosababishwa na kutumia dawa za kulevya katikati ya miaka ya 1990 amekuwa anayependa sana na kusema msaidizi wa kampeni za Kupunguza Ukawa. Hasa, atakuwa akihutubia masoko mpya ya kuongeza na vinywaji vya nishati. Ili kuelimisha zaidi Dr Robin Chakraverty atakuwa akizungumza juu ya jinsi vinywaji vya nishati ya kaboni huathiri jambo la ubongo wa kijana na utambuzi wa ugonjwa. Atajumuishwa na Barry Fudge, ambaye ameendelea na utafiti wa shamba kwa miaka 16 iliyopita kufuatilia tabia ya watumiaji na ripoti za matibabu / kifo.	Mgombea wa Urais wa Kidemokrasia Hillary Clinton atatoa hotuba ya kuanza katika chuo kikuu cha nyumbani, Wellesely. Mwanamke wa kwanza alihitimu kutoka chuo kikuu cha wasichana wote na digrii mbili katika ujinsia na historia ya ngono. Mara nyingi amesisitiza juu ya wakati wake shuleni, pamoja na uwezo wa kuchunguza akili na mwili wake. Hii itakuwa mara ya tatu kwa kuwa chuo cha Wellesley kinamkaribisha katibu wa zamani wa serikali.	Fake
Sports	Jason Witten ishara mpya mpango wa miaka nne na Dallas Cowboys	Mwisho wa Dallas Jason Witten ametia saini kandarasi ya miaka minne ambayo dhamana ya kweli ya mkongwe wa miaka 14 atatumia kazi yake yote na Cowboys. Mkataba uliowekwa saini Jumanne unaendelea hadi 2021 na unaacha mwaka wa mwisho wa mkataba wa sasa wa Pro wote. Upanuzi una thamani ya juu ya 29m na hakuna pesa mpya ya uhakika na hupa Cowboys kubadilika kwa muundo mpya na kuunda karibu 4m katika nafasi ya cap ya mshahara. Mchawi ambaye anarudi 35 Mei ni moja wapo ya ncha mbili ngumu katika historia ya NFL na upatikanaji wa samaki angalau 1 000 na yadi 10 000 zinazopokelewa. Mwingine ni Tony Gonzalez ambaye alistaafu mnamo 2013 baada ya misimu 17.	Legit
Sports	John Wall anapumua maisha kadhaa katika safari ya Wizard kwenda Cleveland	Jua la Kaskazini mashariki mwa Ohio lilibaki siri wakati Wizards wa Washington walikuwa jijini na hali ya joto ilihitaji nguo nzito za nje. Lakini John Wall bado alikuwa anahisi vizuri. Alisema mifupa yake imechoka nahisi ni mpya. Ma maumivu hayo mabaya yalipona kimiujiza. Maumivu ya kichwa migraine kutoka mapema wiki iliyopita. Matendo haya mazuri ya nguvu ya Wall yalidhoofisha kazi - mwanzo bora wa risasi akifuatiwa na ushindi wake wa mara mbili mara mbili wa msimu - katika ushindi wa Washington Wizards '127-115 dhidi ya Cleveland Cavaliers. Baada ya Wall kushinda alielezea jinsi nyara ya safari ya barabara ya Magharibi mwa Pwani ndiye dawa pekee iliyowekwa amehitaji.	Legit
Sports	Jimmy Anderson anatarajia mtihani wa England wa bure wa jeraha majira ya joto katika majivu	Mshambuliaji anayesimamia tiketi za wakati wote wa England Jimmy Anderson bado ana imani mwili wake unaweza kuhimili ugumu wa Majaribio saba katika miezi miwili msimu huu lakini wakati anageuka 35 Julai anakubali kuchukua hatua kwa hatua. Kwa sababu hiyo Lancashire swing Bowler haiwezi kuangalia mbele kama safari ya England ya Australia baadaye katika mwaka ambao ungekuwa safari yake ya nne ya majivu. Tangu kukosa Mtihani wa mwisho wa England huko India mnamo Desemba - Mtihani wa tano amekosa kupitia jeraha huko England miaka 11 iliyopita - akiwa na bega la shida lililoathiri mwaka wake Anderson alitumia Januari kupumzika na tangu alipokuwa msimu kamili wa Lancashire inapatikana mwanzoni mwa msimu.	Legit
Sports	Chelsea inamfanya Alexis Sánchez wa Arsenal kuwa lengo lao la kuhamisha msimu wa No1	Chelsea wamemfanya Alexis Sánchez wa Arsenal kuwa shabaha yao kuu ya kuhamisha majira ya joto na Antonio Conte amezungumzia uwezekano wa kumleta Mtaji wa Klabu ya Stamford Bridge na uongozi wa kilabu hicho. Meneja huyo wa Italia yuko kwenye mazungumzo na Chelsea juu ya mkataba mpya na kama sehemu ya uhamisho huo wa majira ya joto umejadiliwa. Conte amewasilisha kwa timu ya kuajiri ya vilabu inayoongozwa vizuri na mkurugenzi Marina Granovskaia na mkurugenzi wa ufundi Michael Emenalo orodha ya wachezaji angependa kusaini na Sánchez na beki wa kushoto upande wa vipaumbele.	Legit
Sports	"Argentina walijisikia kushukuru baada ya ushindi wao wa Lionel Messi aliyewasimamishwa wakati walipiga Bolivia 2-0 huko La Paz katika mchezo muhimu wa kufuzu Kombe la Dunia. Nyota wa Barcelona Messi hakupigwa na marufuku ya mchezo wa minne na benchi la kutawala la FIFA, licha ya imani maarufu. Timu hiyo ilishinda karibu masaa 10,000 kabla ya mchezo katika mchezo wa marudiano dhidi ya Chile mnamo Machi 24. Pia atakuwepo kwenye michezo ijayo dhidi ya Uruguay Paraguay na Venezuela. Barcelona ilitoa taarifa Jumatano ikionyesha ""shukrani"" yake katika uamuzi wa Kamati ya Nidhamu ya FIFA iliyoangazia urefu wa mchezo ""mfupi sana, na inahitaji muda zaidi."""	"Mwigizaji Reese Witherspoon na mumewe walikuwa wakisikia mazungumzo ya joto katika duka la kahawa la LA kuhusu mtoto wao, Tennessee, elimu ya baadaye. Mshindi wa Oscar-alikuwa anasikia akisema kwamba alitaka mtoto wake aangaliwe nyumbani, lakini mumewe, Toth, hakukubaliana na ratiba ya wanandoa yenye shughuli nyingi kama kizuizi kikubwa cha kutekeleza masomo ya nyumbani. Witherspoon alioa mumewe mnamo 2011 na hii ya hivi karibuni, hadharani, ni tukio moja tu kuongezea uhusiano ambao unazidi kuongezeka. Hivi majuzi tukubali, ""Kosa huyu mtu mdogo sana wakati mimi ninafanya kazi"" mwigizaji aliyefanikiwa anaweza kutafuta uhusiano wa karibu na familia yake."	Fake
Sports	IndyCar wa zamani na dereva wa Nascar David Steele aliuawa na sniper wakati wa mbio za Florida	"Mharamia wa zamani wa gari la Sprint David Steele ameuawa na sniper anayeshukiwa wakati wa mbio huko Florida. Katika mkutano na waandishi wa habari, viongozi wa Desoto Speedway walisema ""walishtushwa na kusikitishwa na shambulio hilo."" Kutolewa kwa Ofisi ya Sheriff Kata ya Manatee kunasema kwamba Steele alikuwa akiendesha gari la Sprint wakati gari ghafla likipoteza udhibiti na kugonga ukuta wa kutunza. Wataalamu wa dawa za usalama walipata Steele akisumbuliwa na majeraha ya ajali, na jeraha la bunduki kwa kifua. Alisafirishwa kwenda Hospitali ya Kaunti ya Manatee ambapo alitangazwa amekufa wakati wa kuwasili. Maafisa wa utekelezaji wa sheria wanahoji mashahidi na wanapitia video ili kumpata mtu anayehusika na shambulio hili. Hakuna mtuhumiwa aliyetambuliwa bado, lakini msemaji wa ofisi ya sheriff alisema ""Hatutapumzika hadi mhalifu huyu atakapofikishwa kwa haki."" Steele alikuwa akijaribu kushinda mbio zake za 100 Florida."	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer ana ngumi ya ngumi na Frances Tiafoe baada ya kushindwa kwa Miami Open	Mambo yaliongezeka sana kati ya tenisi ya tenisi ya kuanza Roger Federer na kijana wa Amerika na tenisi juu na Frances Tiafore baada ya mechi yao ya tenisi ya Miami Open. Mechi hiyo haikuwa karibu, lakini wachezaji hao wawili walikuwa wakicheza kwenye mazingira ya mvua na ya upepo, ambayo ilimpa Federer makali na uzoefu wake wa miaka zaidi ya Tiafore. Baada ya Federer kumpiga mtaalam mdogo wa tenisi katika seti tatu, wachezaji hao wawili walianza kumkemea kila mmoja. Tiafore alikasirika juu ya madai kadhaa ambayo si sahihi yaliyotolewa na Federer kwenye mechi hiyo. Kwa sababu hiyo aliruka juu ya wavu na kumshambulia Federer kwa kukwepa makonde kadhaa. Federer alijitetea hadi waangalizi kadhaa walipokuja na kuvunja mapigano. Wawili hao wametoa msamaha kwa umma kwa wapenzi wao na kwa kila mmoja, lakini ni wazi mambo hayatasimamishwa hadi watakapokabili uso kwa wenyewe korti wakati mwingine.	Fake
Sports	Cristiano Ronaldo kuwa mfungaji bora wa mabao 10 wa kimataifa wakati wote	Lengo la 71 la Cristiano Ronaldo kwa Ureno lilimfanya achukue nafasi ya 10 bora katika historia ya kimataifa. Nyota huyo wa Ureno aliweka wazi kopo hilo katika ushindi wao wa 3-2 dhidi ya Uswidi Jumanne kwenye sura yake ya 138 akimchukua kwa pamoja-tisa kwenye kiwango cha msimamo na Majed Abdullah wa Saudi Arabia Kiatisuk Senamuang wa Thailand na Miroslav Klose wa Ujerumani. Bado ana njia ya kwenda kumshika kiongozi wa wakati wote Ali Daei hata hivyo aliingiza Iran mara mara 109 katika kofia 149. Kusudi la Ronaldo pia lilimpeleka kuungana na la tatu na Klose katika orodha ya Uropa nyuma ya hadithi ya Kihistoria ya Ferenc Puskas (84) na Sandor Kocsis (75).	Legit
Sports	Mgogoro wa Dawa za Doping kuwa kawaida katika michezo	Kulingana na Anit Doping ya Uingereza, madawa ya kulevya yanazidi kuongezeka katika eneo la michezo. Kura ya hivi karibuni ilionyesha kuwa 15% ya wanariadha wamekubali kuchukua dawa za kulevya na wale wanaoshukia 70% wanasema kuwa wanamjua mtu ambaye pia alifanya hivyo. Nusu ripoti kwamba utumizi mkubwa wa dawa za kuongeza utendaji sasa unakuwa zaidi ya itifaki ya kawaida kuliko sivyo. Chief Nicold Sapstead anashtushwa na janga hili linalokua likiongezeka na inasema lazima tuache tabia hii ya kutisha.	Fake
Sports	Viwango vya Doping Chini ya kushangaza, Anapata Waziri wa Michezo	"Waziri wa Michezo Tracey Crouch, kwa kuzingatia uchaguzi uliofanywa na BBS hivi karibuni, alisema kwamba yeye aliona kutopigwa katika michezo kama ""hakuna wasiwasi"". Uchunguzi wa BBC State of Sport ulihitimisha kwamba ni 2% tu ya watu wanaohusika na tasnia ya michezo ya amateur walijua mtu ambaye alikuwa ametengwa. Steroid, na dawa nyingine inayoongeza utendaji, matumizi hayana kuenea sana miongoni mwa wanariadha. Ingawa, wakati data ilionyesha kiwango kidogo cha matumizi, Crouch aliongezea ""Bado nadhani kuna zaidi kwamba mashirika ya michezo yanayoweza kufanya mbele ya kufanya kazi kando na UK Anti-Doping kusaidia kukuza mchezo safi."" Asilimia 1 tu ya wale waliochunguzwa walisema wamechukua dawa za kulevya, na asilimia hiyo hiyo walisema kwamba dawa hizo zinapatikana kwa urahisi."	Fake
Sports	"""Inaonekana kurudi nyuma baada ya kipindi cha kutafakari, Wilfried Zaha ameamua kuungana na timu ya kandanda ya Uingereza (hiyo ndio soka kwa Wamarekani). Awali alikosoa kwa kushikilia timu"" mateka ""wakati alijadiliana na timu ya kitaifa ya nchi ya nchi yake zote mbili, Ivory Coast, Zaha ameamua kurudi kuiwakilisha taifa lake iliyopitishwa. Wanariadha kufanya maamuzi juu ya taifa gani wangependa kuwakilisha sio jambo jipya, na Zaha ni wa hivi karibuni kati ya maelfu ya wanariadha kufanya uamuzi mgumu juu ya nani Zaha itakuwa kiboreshaji cha kukaribisha tena kwa Timu ya Kandanda ya Kitaifa ya Kiingereza."	Wakati watu wengi wanaamini viwango vya elimu vya Amerika hivi karibuni vimepata changamoto na ngumu, sivyo wasema wanafunzi wa kubadilishana wa kigeni. Wanafunzi wa kigeni ambao wamesoma katika kumbuka ya Amerika kuwa michezo ni nyingi, mpira wa miguu haunachezwa kwa usahihi, na darasa ni utani. Wanafunzi wa kigeni wanasema kwamba wanafunzi wa Amerika hulipa uangalifu kidogo darasani, na ilikuwa rahisi kuzidi darasa zao kwa juhudi kidogo basi walitumia katika nchi zao za asili. Hata wanafunzi wa kigeni wenye mapungufu ya lugha waliona shule za Amerika kuwa rahisi.	Fake
Sports	http://edition.cnn.com/2017/03/28/football/football-messi-argentina-ban/index.html	"Argentina walihisi kupoteza kwa Simbael Messi aliyewasimamishwa kwa vile walipigwa 2-0 na Bolivia huko La Paz kwenye mchezo muhimu wa kufuzu Kombe la Dunia. Nyota wa Barcelona Messi alipigwa na marufuku ya mchezo wa minne na benchi la kutawala la mpira wa miguu FIFA na faini ya masaa 10 000 tu kabla ya mchezo baada ya kumtumia vibaya kiongozi wa mechi katika ushindi dhidi ya Chile mnamo Machi 24. Pia atakosa michezo ijayo dhidi ya Uruguay Paraguay na Venezuela. Barcelona ilitoa taarifa Jumatano ikionyesha ""mshangao na hasira"" yake katika uamuzi wa Kamati ya Nidhamu ya FIFA iliyoangazia urefu wa marufuku ""sio sawa na sio kabisa."""	Legit
Sports	Jimmy Anderson anastaafu kutoka kwa mchezo baada ya Majira ya Majaribio ya England	"Jimmy Anderson, kiongozi wa wakati wote wa tiketi ya kuchukua wiketi, alitangaza leo kustaafu kwake kwenye mchezo huo. Bowling ya kuogelea ya Lancashire inageuka 35 mnamo Julai. Anderson amekuwa akipigwa na bega lenye shida mwaka mzima. Alikosa mtihani wa mwisho wa England huko India mnamo Desemba, na amekosa vipimo vitano kwa sababu ya jeraha huko England mara ya mwisho 11. Anderson alikuwa ametumia sehemu iliyobaki ya msimu wa baridi akirudisha na kupumzika ili kuweka bega lake tayari msimu ujao. Alikumbuka Anderson ""Nataka kuwashukuru mashabiki wangu wote ambao waliniunga mkono kwa miaka yote. Lazima nikubali kwamba kuendelea kufuata mchezo huo kutaweka afya yangu ya muda mrefu katika hatari zaidi. Kwa hivyo niliamua kuanza kutekeleza malengo mengine katika maisha yangu."""	Fake
Sports	Miami Kufunguliwa: Novak Djokovic ajiunga na Andy Murray katika kujiondoa na jeraha la kiwiko	"Nambari ya pili ya ulimwengu Novak Djokovic ameondoa Miami Open ya wiki ijayo kwa sababu ya jeraha la kiwiko. Serb mwenye umri wa miaka 29 ni jina kubwa la pili kujiondoa katika hafla hiyo baada ya namba 1 ya ulimwengu Andy Murray kufanya vivyo hivyo kwa sababu hiyo hiyo. Bingwa wa kutetea Djokovic aliomba msamaha kwa mashabiki ambao walikuwa wamenunua tiketi za kumuona akicheza Miami. Alipoteza kwa Nick Kyrgios wa Australia kwa seti moja kwa moja kwenye 16 iliyopita huko Indian Wells wiki iliyopita. ""Daktari wangu ameshauri sana dhidi ya kucheza kwa sababu jeraha langu la kiwiko ambalo ninaendelea nalo kwa miezi iliongezeka wiki iliyopita alisema. Nitafanya kila kitu kwa nguvu yangu kupona na nitafanya matibabu yote muhimu ili kuweza kurudi kortini haraka iwezekanavyo. "" Briton Murray atapandisha uongozi wake kileleni mwa safu ya dunia kwa zaidi ya alama 4 000 kwani Djokovic atapoteza Pointi alizozipata kutokana na kushinda Miami mwaka jana. Scot itaongoza Serb kwa alama 3 090 Jumatatu - lakini hiyo itaongezeka kwa zaidi ya alama 4 045 mwanzoni mwa mwezi ujao."	Legit
Sports	Lewis Hamilton anaamini anaweza kumpiga Sebastian Vettel hadi taji la dunia	"Lewis Hamilton wa Uingereza anasema ana imani kuwa anaweza kumpiga Sebastian Vettel hadi taji la dunia mwaka huu licha ya kushindwa kwenye Grand Prix ya Australia. Hamilton alimaliza wa pili kwa Mjerumani kwenye msimu wa kwanza huko Melbourne baada ya kupoteza kwa risasi kufuatia shinikizo kutoka kwa kasi kubwa ya dereva wa Ferrari. Hamilton alisema: ""Itakuwa mbio za karibu. Ninaamini tunaweza kuwapiga. Ni vizuri kumuona Ferrari huko."" Ni vizuri tulikuwa na vita hii ya karibu. Natarajia ijayo. ""Hamilton aliongoza kutoka kwa nafasi ya pole lakini alijitahidi kwa kasi kwenye milango ya ufunguzi na baada ya kusimamishwa mapema kwa shimo alishikiliwa na Red Bull's Max Verstappen ikimruhusu Vettel kufika mbele. Hamilton alisema:"" Singeweza ' nasema ninafurahi. Lakini vitu vyote kwa mtazamo. Kuona ni wapi tumetoka na mabadiliko makubwa ya sheria na kuja hapa na kupigania karibu sana kwa kushinda na kukosa nje kuna mambo mengi ya kujivunia. ""Tunaweza kushinda kwenye mbio lakini nilitoa kila naweza na huwezi kufanya zaidi. Chukua nguvu ya wikendi."""	Legit
Sports	"Saini iliyosainiwa ya mnada wa ""Basketball"" ya Michael Jordan inaweka rekodi ya kumbukumbu ya michezo"	"""Hadithi maarufu ya mpira wa kikapu Michael Jordan alipiga picha ya mpira wa kikapu uliouzwa katika minada hai ya Ebay Ijumaa kwa zaidi ya milioni 5 kuweka rekodi ya bei ya juu zaidi ya uuzaji wa kumbukumbu za michezo kulingana na Sotheby ambayo iliongoza mnada huo. Nyumba ya mnada ilikadiria kuwa"" Michael Basketball ya Saini "" ""ingeleta chini ya nusu ya 5 500,000 ambayo kwa mnada wa kuishi wa Ebay. Ilianza hapa alisema Selby Kiffer, makamu wa rais wa Sotheby kwa idara ya kumbukumbu ya michezo. Naismith, mwalimu wa elimu ya mwili wa Canada anayefanya kazi katika New England YMCA, aliunda mchezo wa Mpira wa Kikapu ""kwa hivyo wanafunzi waliweza kucheza mchezo wa ndani wakati wa baridi. Naismith hakujua uvumbuzi wake utaendelea haraka sana baada ya harakati za YMCA kuileta katika kiwango cha kimataifa. """	Fake
Sports	Kofia ya Broncos iliyopatikana na jezi zilizokosekana za Tom Brady zinaweza kuwa za Von Miller	"Kofia ya MVP Von Miller ya Super Bowl 50 inaweza kuwa iligunduliwa kando na jerseys zilizokosekana za Tom Brady huko Mexico kulingana na timu ya Miller ya Denver Broncos. NFL ilitangaza Jumatatu kuwa jezi ya Brady kutoka Super Bowl LI ya mwezi uliopita ambayo robo mpya ya Patriots ya England iliripoti kupotea baada ya mechi hiyo kupatikana ""akiwa na mwanachama aliyetambuliwa wa vyombo vya habari vya kimataifa"". Uchunguzi unaohusisha FBI na mashirika mengine ya kutekeleza sheria pia uligundua jezi ya Brady ya Super Bowl kutoka miaka miwili mapema na mshangao hauwezi kumalizika hapo."	Legit
Sports	Wilfried Zaha trở lại với yêu sách 'thời gian' của Southgate đối với lựa chọn của Anh	Wilfried Zaha đã từ chối đề nghị của Gareth Southgate rằng ông đã áp đặt một khoảng thời gian để được tuyển chọn một lần nữa bởi đội tuyển quốc gia có hiệu quả để đòi tiền chuộc và đã bảo vệ quyền của mình thay vì đại diện cho quốc gia nơi sinh ra Bờ Biển Ngà. Tiền đạo Crystal Palace, người đã được đội tuyển Anh khoác áo trong trận giao hữu với Thụy Điển và Scotland trong nhiệm kỳ của Roy Hodgson khi người quản lý đã tức giận vì những bình luận của Southgate sau trận thắng vòng loại World Cup trước Litva vào Chủ nhật. Zaha đã đưa ra một tuyên bố thông qua người đại diện Will Salthouse của Quản lý thể thao độc đáo vào thứ ba và ngụ ý sự thất vọng rằng người quản lý thường trực được bổ nhiệm gần đây của Anh đã công khai chi tiết về một cuộc họp được tổ chức với cầu thủ chạy cánh vào tháng 12.	Legit
Sports	Brazil đủ điều kiện tham dự World Cup 2018 sau khi Coutinho và Neymar xuống Paraguay	Brazil đã trở thành đội đầu tiên đủ điều kiện tham dự World Cup 2018 duy trì thành tích đáng tự hào khi là đội bóng duy nhất hiện tại của giải đấu với một chút giúp đỡ từ miệng hôi của Lionel Messi và coi nhẹ Peru. Các nhà vô địch năm lần đánh bại Paraguay 3-0 vào thứ ba cho chiến thắng thứ tám liên tiếp của họ trong cuộc thi vòng loại Nam Mỹ. Điều đó tự nó đã không đủ để xác nhận sự tham gia của họ vào Nga nhưng chiến thắng 2-1 bất ngờ của Peru trước Uruguay trong một trận đấu sau đó đã đảm bảo cho Brazil một kết thúc top bốn.	Legit
Sports	John Wall bị chấn thương trong chuyến đi của Wizards tới Cleveland	"""Mặt trời vùng Đông Bắc Ohio vẫn bị che giấu trong khi các Phù thủy Washington ở trong thị trấn và nhiệt độ cần áo khoác ngoài nặng nề. Nhưng John Wall vẫn cảm thấy ổn. Ông nói rằng xương mệt mỏi của ông cảm thấy tươi mát. Tuy nhiên, điều này không kéo dài. Trong tuần lễ trôi qua, nhưng trong quý IV, người bảo vệ quan điểm Wall đã phải chịu một chấn thương cuối mùa giải với achilles của anh ấy. Chấn thương, Wall giải thích anh ấy ước mình không bao giờ nhảy lấy bóng và đây có thể là một con đường dài để hồi phục. """	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer đánh bại Roberto Bautista Agut khi Stan Wawrinka thua Alexander Zverev	Roger Federer đã tiễn Roberto Bautista Agut tại Miami Open để tiếp tục theo đuổi các danh hiệu Masters nhưng hạt giống hàng đầu Stan Wawrinka đã ra mắt Federer đã bắt đầu năm 2017 với một số hình thức tốt nhất và bất ngờ nhất trong sự nghiệp của anh ấy và sau khi giành được Master danh hiệu số 25 tại Indian Wells chỉ hơn một tuần trước, anh vẫn tiếp tục tham gia số 26 vào cuối tuần này khi đã cân bằng khởi đầu tốt nhất của mình cho một mùa giải (16-1) với chiến thắng 7-6 7-6. Người Thụy Sĩ không có mọi thứ theo cách riêng của mình chống lại Bautista Agut cần một vài lần hòa vốn để xem hạt giống số 14 của Tây Ban Nha chỉ trong chưa đầy hai giờ.	Legit
Sports	Đấu giá bóng rổ 'kinh thánh' lập kỷ lục thể thao	"13 quy tắc bóng rổ đầu tiên được bán vào thứ Sáu với giá hơn 4 triệu đồng đã lập kỷ lục về giá bán cao nhất cho các vật kỷ niệm thể thao theo Sothyouk đã thực hiện cuộc đấu giá. Nhà đấu giá đã ước tính rằng ""Quy tắc sáng lập bóng rổ"" hai trang của Tiến sĩ James Naismith sẽ mang lại ít hơn một nửa so với 4 338 500 mà David và Suzanne Booth trả giá cho tài liệu 119 năm tuổi này. ""Đây là giấy khai sinh. Nó bắt đầu từ đây cho biết Selby Kiffer, phó chủ tịch bộ phận bản thảo và sách của Na Trong nhà vào mùa đông. Naismith không biết phát minh của mình sẽ bắt kịp nhanh như vậy sau khi phong trào YMCA giới thiệu nó ở cấp độ quốc tế."	Legit
Sports	Cảnh sát không trung thực bị bắt giam	"Theo ""Luật Hillsborough"" mới, 12 cảnh sát Luân Đôn đã bị bỏ tù vì những gì nhiều nhà quan sát đã gọi là những mâu thuẫn nhỏ hoặc những sự trốn tránh tôn trọng trong lời khai của họ trong các cuộc điều tra. Luật mới yêu cầu tổng số kẹo từ tất cả các sĩ quan cảnh sát ở mọi cấp độ, và 8 cảnh sát bị bỏ tù đã bị kết án hai năm tù vì đưa ra những gì luật sư của họ thuật ngữ ""tử tế và khéo léo"" trong phiên tòa mở, thay vì sự minh bạch hoàn toàn các quy định hiện nay yêu cầu. Nghị sĩ Lao động Andy Burnham bình luận: ""Khi bạn là thành viên của một trong những gia đình đau buồn này, đôi khi bạn không thể xử lý sự thật."""	Fake
Sports	State of Sport: Bộ trưởng thể thao doping 'nghiệp dư'	"Phạm vi doping trong thể thao nghiệp dư - được tiết lộ bởi một cuộc thăm dò cho BBC - là một ""mối quan tâm"", bộ trưởng thể thao Tracey Crouch nói. Một cuộc điều tra của BBC State of Sport đã tìm thấy hơn một phần ba (35%) người thể thao nghiệp dư nói rằng cá nhân họ biết ai đó đã pha tạp. Một nửa cho biết việc sử dụng chất tăng cường hiệu suất là ""phổ biến"" trong số những người chơi thể thao cạnh tranh. Crouch nói doping là ""hoàn toàn không thể chấp nhận được trong bất kỳ cấp độ thể thao nào"". Cô nói thêm: ""Tôi nghĩ vẫn còn nhiều hơn nữa các cơ quan quản lý thể thao có thể làm trên mặt trận này hoạt động cùng với Anti-Doping của Vương quốc Anh để giúp thúc đẩy thể thao sạch sẽ."" Cuộc điều tra về doping trong thể thao nghiệp dư ở Anh cũng cho thấy 8% người chơi thể thao nghiệp dư cho biết họ đã sử dụng steroid trong khi 49% cho rằng thuốc tăng cường hiệu suất (PED) là ""dễ dàng có sẵn"" trong số những người chơi thể thao thường xuyên."	Legit
Sports	"Công thức một đang bước vào kỷ nguyên mới thú vị vào Chủ nhật tuần này ""Khi Bernadete Eccl Thạch sẽ tổ chức cuộc đua khai mạc của mùa đua Công thức 1 2017 lần đầu tiên tại Melbourne Australia vào Chủ nhật."" Malory C. Johnson, chủ tịch của công ty Patriots Media Corporation có trụ sở tại Colorado, đã mua 60,3% cổ phần đáng kinh ngạc của Formula One và muốn đảm bảo với người tiêu dùng rằng ""Berny"" yêu quý của họ sẽ tiếp tục tổ chức. Mặc dù Eccl Thạch chưa bao giờ được ghi nhận về kiến thức của cô về những chiếc xe hoặc các quy tắc, nhưng người hâm mộ đã ngưỡng mộ sự điềm tĩnh vui vẻ của cô trong nhiều năm. Với Patriots Media Co, một đài chủ yếu chính thức, nhiều người hâm mộ đã tự hỏi làm thế nào hai thái độ khác nhau sẽ làm việc với nhau. Carey Smith hiện là trưởng phòng quản lý tại Formula One và cho biết vị trí của cô không thể phát huy hết tiềm năng. Cô có kế hoạch tăng kích thước cảnh tượng cho các chủng tộc, ""mỗi cuộc đua nên giống như 16 giải bóng đá với một tuần là một sự kiện, tham gia và vui vẻ kết hợp toàn bộ cộng đồng và hơn thế nữa."""	"Cuộc đối đầu với Trump ""Cơ quan không khí sạch của California đã bỏ phiếu vào thứ Sáu để đánh giá lại các tiêu chuẩn khí thải nghiêm ngặt hơn đối với ô tô và xe tải. Cuộc bầu chọn của Ủy ban Tài nguyên Hàng không California là dấu hiệu táo bạo nhất về chính sách môi trường của California. Nhà nước từ thống đốc cho đến nhiều thị trưởng đã hứa sẽ nói chuyện với người dân. Ông Trump ủng hộ ngành công nghiệp vì lo ngại môi trường nói rằng việc nới lỏng các quy tắc phát thải sẽ giúp kích thích sản xuất ô tô. Ông tuyên bố tuần trước sẽ nới lỏng các quy định. năm hỗ trợ các tiêu chuẩn chặt chẽ hơn. """	Fake
Sports	Cựu tay đua IndyCar và Nreb David Steele thiệt mạng trong cuộc đua ở Florida	"Cựu chiến binh xe hơi Sprint David Steele đã chết trong một cuộc đua ở Florida. Các quan chức của Desoto Speedway cho biết trong một bài đăng trên Facebook vào tối thứ Bảy rằng chủ sở hữu và nhân viên theo dõi đã rất buồn vì vụ tai nạn. Tuyên bố nói rằng Steele đã cố gắng giành chiến thắng trong cuộc đua thứ 100 của mình ở Florida. ""Chủ sở hữu và nhân viên của Desoto Speedway rất buồn trước sự ra đi của David Steele trong chiếc xe Sprint tối nay có bài đăng. Những suy nghĩ và lời cầu nguyện đi ra với gia đình và bạn bè của anh ấy, những người tham dự để thấy anh ấy cố gắng giành chiến thắng tại cuộc đua Florida thứ 100 của anh ấy."" Một báo cáo của Văn phòng Cảnh sát trưởng Hạt Manatee cho biết Steele đang lái một chiếc xe chạy nước rút khi bánh trước bên trái của chiếc xe của anh đâm vào bánh sau bên phải của một chiếc xe khác khiến xe của Steele bay lên không trung 180 độ và đâm vào tường chắn. Medics đã cố gắng điều trị cho anh ta nhưng anh ta đã chết. Ông đã 42 tuổi."	Legit
Sports	Lewis Hamilton cho biết ông sẽ ngồi ngoài cuộc đua danh hiệu thế giới	"Lewis Hamilton, tay đua xe đến từ Anh, cho biết anh sẽ ngồi ngoài cuộc đua danh hiệu thế giới năm nay. Trong cuộc đua gần đây nhất của Hamilton, anh về nhì tại giải Grand Prix Úc trước Sebastian Vettel của Đức. Hamilton nói: ""Sau thất bại tại Grand Prix Úc, tôi thực sự cần một chút thời gian để phục hồi tinh thần trước khi quay trở lại trò chơi. Có lẽ một hoặc hai năm nữa tôi sẽ trở lại với đội của mình sau khi chúng tôi đưa ra kế hoạch tiến triển"". Hamilton đã thua cuộc đua cuối cùng của mình do một tốc độ vượt trội của Sebastian Vettel và một điểm dừng chân sớm của Max Verstappen của Red Bull. ""Những thay đổi quy tắc lớn sắp ra mắt. Một khi chúng ta thấy những quy tắc mới là điều chỉnh kế hoạch cuộc đua của chúng ta, chúng ta hy vọng sẽ trở lại cuộc đua một lần nữa"", Hamilton nói. Trong khi đó, có vẻ như ca khúc sẽ nhớ Lewis Hamilton."	Fake
Sports	Maria Sharapova tuyên bố cô 'chiến đấu vì sự thật' khi lệnh cấm doping quần vợt trở lại gần	"Maria Sharapova cho biết cô cảm thấy được chứng thực bằng cách giảm đình chỉ doping của mình thêm rằng cô ""chiến đấu hết mình vì sự thật"" khi cô chuẩn bị trở lại quần vợt sau lệnh cấm 15 tháng. Thế giới cũ số 1 của Nga ban đầu bị cấm trong hai năm sau khi thử nghiệm dương tính tại Australian Open 2016 cho meldonium một loại thuốc mà cô đã dùng trong 10 năm theo quy định nhưng được phân loại lại thành một loại thuốc bị cấm. Cô ấy sẽ trở lại tại Porsche Grand Prix vào tháng Tư nhờ vào một ký tự đại diện và nói rằng cô ấy cảm thấy mình đã lấy lại được ""công việc ban ngày""."	Legit
Sports	Quyết định ngược của Chelsea để tìm kiếm Alexis Sanchez của Arsenal khi chuyển nhượng mùa hè	"""Chelsea đã cân nhắc việc biến Alexis Sanchez của Arsenal trở thành một trong những mục tiêu chuyển nhượng mùa hè của họ, nhưng đã thay đổi hướng đi và bây giờ đã đảo ngược quyết định đó. đảo ngược quyết định của họ. Conte đã cử đội tuyển dụng, dẫn đầu là giám đốc Marina Granovskaia và giám đốc kỹ thuật Michael Emenalo, một danh sách các tên và dường như không bao gồm Sanchez. """	Fake
Sports	Bruno Fernandes de Souza Bực mình cuối cùng	"Trong một chiến thắng của công lý đối với những ý tưởng sai lầm và tầm thường về nhân quyền, người anh hùng bóng đá nổi tiếng Bruno de Souza cuối cùng đã được giải thoát khỏi nhà tù. Sau 7 năm bị kết án về tội giết người, những người ủng hộ của Bruno rất vui khi thấy anh ta được minh oan cuối cùng. Vận động viên nổi tiếng đã ngay lập tức được Boa Esporte, chủ tịch của ông, Rone da Costa, ký hợp đồng hai năm, nói với các phóng viên: ""Chúng tôi tự hào khi có vận động viên anh hùng này bảo vệ mục tiêu của chúng tôi. Anh ấy sẽ không bao giờ được rời khỏi sân. tiếp tục là tấm gương cho tất cả những người đàn ông theo dõi môn thể thao của chúng tôi. """	Fake
Sports	Ngôi sao WWE Paige tiết lộ suy nghĩ đồng tính sau vụ bê bối video bị rò rỉ	"Ngôi sao WWE Paige tiết lộ cô đã nghĩ đến việc từ bỏ các mối quan hệ tình dục khác giới sau khi những hình ảnh và video rõ ràng về cô bị rò rỉ trên mạng. Nhà vô địch Divas hai lần tên thật Saraya-Jade Bevis thừa nhận cô nghĩ đến việc từ bỏ đàn ông trong suốt thời gian tranh cãi. ""Tôi đã phạm một sai lầm lớn mà đô vật người Anh 24 tuổi nói. Khổng lồ. Tôi đặt niềm tin vào tay một người đã lợi dụng một cô gái trẻ nhiều năm trước. ""Đó là sai lầm của tôi và tôi sẽ luôn chịu trách nhiệm. Nhưng điều khó khăn nhất là tôi nghĩ 'chồng tôi sẽ rời bỏ tôi, gia đình tôi sẽ từ chối tôi'."""	Fake
Sports	NOVAK DJOKOVIC ĐĂNG KÝ KHAI THÁC ĐỂ TRỞ THÀNH MIAMI MỞ	"Tay vợt số hai thế giới Novak Djokovic đã gia nhập quần vợt vĩ đại Andy Murray khi rút khỏi Miami Open. Nhà vô địch bảo vệ đã xin lỗi người hâm mộ của anh ấy đã mua vé, sau trận thua nhục nhã của anh ấy với Nick Kyrgios tại Indian Wells tuần trước. ""Bác sĩ của tôi đã mạnh mẽ chống lại việc chơi vì chấn thương khuỷu tay của tôi .... trở nên tồi tệ hơn trong tuần qua"", Djokovic nói, đề cập đến cùng tuần anh thua trận ở Haiti, và tuyên bố anh sẽ cố gắng trở lại nhanh nhất có thể. Điều này mang lại cho Andy Murray một vị trí dẫn đầu lớn hơn trong bảng xếp hạng thế giới, với tổng số 4000 điểm."	Fake
Sports	Dai Young nói với backline của Wasps để tăng tỷ lệ làm việc chống lại Leinster	"Backline đầy sao của Wasps đã được khuyến khích để thể hiện nhiều hơn ""bụng cho cuộc chiến"" nếu họ có ý định biến câu lạc bộ từ những người giải trí tuyệt vời thành người chiến thắng danh hiệu. Không đội nào ở Anh ghi được nhiều cố gắng hơn các nhà lãnh đạo giải Ngoại hạng, nhưng huấn luyện viên trưởng Dai Young đã cảnh báo đội của anh ấy rằng một mình tấn công sẽ không kiếm được một trận bán kết châu Âu với chi phí của Leinster vào thứ Bảy. Một loạt các tài năng làm hài lòng đám đông theo ý của Wasps đằng sau scrum gần như gợi nhớ đến Harlem Globetrotters với Kurtley Beale Willie le Roux Christian Wade và Danny Cipriani có khả năng điện khí hóa một trò chơi bất cứ lúc nào. Young mặc dù không muốn được xem là Kevin Keegan của huấn luyện viên bóng bầu dục đã hoan nghênh cách tấn công ngoạn mục của anh ấy nhưng không có bất kỳ danh hiệu nào để thể hiện điều đó."	Legit
Sports	Stan Wawrinka chứng tỏ chiến thắng của Roger Federer	"Stan Wawrinka đánh thức đám đông và đánh bại nhà vô địch Anh mở rộng năm lần Roger Federer. Sau khi điều dưỡng một ACL bị rách và kết thúc ở vị trí cuối cùng trong tất cả các trận đấu năm nay, Wawrinka trở lại ở giải Anh mở rộng. Lịch sử trở lại của Wawrinka khiến anh chỉ là cầu thủ nam thứ hai kể từ năm 1942 giành chiến thắng tại Open sau một mùa thua. ""Tôi chỉ muốn cảm ơn gia đình và bạn bè của tôi,"" Wawrinka nói. ""Một tháng trước, tôi thậm chí không thể đi bộ. Họ phải làm mọi thứ cho tôi - thậm chí giúp tôi với john"", anh nói thêm. Trong khi đó, Svetlana Kuznetsova đánh bại Elena Vesnina, bất chấp chấn thương của chính cô vào mùa thu năm ngoái."	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer đánh bại Roberto Agut, khi khán giả khóc phạm lỗi	Trong tin tức quần vợt, nhiều người đang nói rằng vận động viên lão làng Roger Federer thấy cần phải gian lận tại Miami Open. Trong trận đấu với Roberto Batista Agut, tiếng hét của một người phụ nữ xuyên thấu khiến Agut mất tập trung, phá vỡ sự phục vụ của anh ta. Sau đó, ở điểm tiếp theo, một tiếng kèn lớn vang lên từ khán đài, giống như Agut đã vào lưới. Đoạn băng video rõ ràng thể hiện sự can thiệp, nhưng các quan chức của trận đấu rõ ràng bị điếc cũng như mù. Thật khó để tin rằng một nhà vô địch yêu dấu đã đến với điều này	Fake
Sports	Khi Bernie Ecclestone khởi hành	"Công thức một bước vào kỷ nguyên mới ""Khi cuộc đua khai mạc mùa giải Công thức 1 2017 bắt đầu tại Melbourne Australia vào Chủ nhật, nó sẽ đánh dấu lần đầu tiên sau 43 năm, Bernie Ecclestone sẽ không điều hành loạt đua xe. Anh đã bị gạt sang một bên vào cuối tháng 1 khi Liberty Media Corporation, công ty có trụ sở tại Colorado có chủ tịch là John C. Malone đã hoàn tất việc mua 35,5% cổ phần của Công thức 1. Vì vậy, trong khi Ecclestone 86 là một nhân cách ngoại cỡ, thường thống trị các tiêu đề đôi khi làm lu mờ những gì đang diễn ra trên đường đua này Các câu hỏi của mùa giải là tất cả về những thay đổi của những chiếc xe, liệu đội đua Mercedes có thực sự giành được chức vô địch của các tay đua và nhà xây dựng trong năm thứ tư liên tiếp hay không và những gì chủ sở hữu mới có trong cửa hàng cho Công thức Một. Chase Carey, cựu phó chủ tịch điều hành của 21st Century Fox, người đã nói khi được bổ nhiệm làm giám đốc điều hành rằng việc kinh doanh và môn thể thao này chưa đạt đến mức đầy đủ tial. Ông nói rằng các chủng tộc cần phải trở thành một cảnh tượng trở thành ""21 Super Bowls với phần ngoại truyện kéo dài hàng tuần với entmt và âm nhạc thu hút cả một thành phố."""	Legit
Sports	John Calipari có chiến thắng trở lại Memphis khi Kentucky đứng đầu UCLA	"Vào giờ nghỉ giải lao, huấn luyện viên Kentucky John Calipari đã chuyển tiếp một bộ hướng dẫn cho các cầu thủ của mình. ""Các bạn đang xem trò chơi này?"" Anh nhớ lại hỏi họ. ""Họ nói 'Vâng.' Tôi nói 'Tốt. Sau đó, bạn biết chúng tôi đang chơi qua De'Aaron Fox. Phần còn lại của bạn ngồi ở ghế sau.' ""Đôi khi bóng rổ rất đơn giản. Đó là trường hợp của Kentucky vào tối thứ Sáu tại FedEx Forum. Fox, một người bảo vệ sinh viên năm nhất đã đi được nửa đường trong việc phát hiện UCLA trong trận bán kết khu vực phía Nam của giải đấu NCAA và Calipari nhắc nhở các cầu thủ của mình tiếp tục cho anh ta ăn bóng. Wildcats hạt giống thứ hai chú ý đến thông điệp đó trong chiến thắng 86-75 đưa họ trở thành một trò chơi từ Final Four. Vào chiều Chủ nhật, Kentucky sẽ chơi Bắc Carolina hạt giống hàng đầu trong trận chung kết khu vực. ""Tôi mong chờ trò chơi chỉ vì tôi thích đội của tôi nói Calipari, nói thêm: Tôi bị kích thích. Tôi sẽ ngủ tối nay vì tôi già và tôi mệt mỏi."""	Legit
Sports	Shanghai Shenhua: Lửa bùng phát tại sân vận động của câu lạc bộ Trung Quốc chi tiêu lớn	Một ngọn lửa đã xé toạc một phần của câu lạc bộ Super League Trung Quốc chi tiêu lớn của sân vận động Thượng Hải Shenhua. Khói đen bốc lên từ sân vận động Hồng Khẩu hôm thứ ba khi lửa xé qua một đầu của đấu trường 33 000 chỗ ngồi. Không có thương tích nào được báo cáo bởi các phương tiện truyền thông địa phương và không có lời giải thích nào về nguyên nhân của vụ cháy bắt đầu lúc 08:30 sáng giờ địa phương.	Legit
Sports	Brazil 3-0 Paraguay: Philippe Coutinho và Neymar đặt chỗ World Cup	Philippe Coutinho và Neymar đã ghi bàn khi Brazil đủ điều kiện tham dự World Cup 2018 tại Nga với chiến thắng 3-0 trước Paraguay vào thứ Ba. Coutinho của Liverpool, người đã bay trở lại trên một chiếc máy bay phản lực tư nhân sau trận đấu với Roberto Firmino trước trận derby vùng Mershireide đã mở tỷ số ở phút 34. Neymar giới hạn một buổi tối đầy sự kiện với một bàn thắng trong hiệp hai trước khi Marcelo thêm một phần ba muộn. Tiền đạo của Barcelona, Neymar, đội trưởng đã bỏ lỡ một quả phạt đền và chứng kiến một nỗ lực phấn đấu vì lỗi việt vị vào một buổi tối khi anh thường xuyên chấm dứt sự đối xử thô bạo từ các hậu vệ Paraguay. Chiến thắng thứ 10 của họ trong chiến dịch vòng loại cho thấy Brazil trở thành quốc gia đầu tiên đủ điều kiện tham dự World Cup 2018.	Legit
Sports	Dai Young nói với Backps backps 'dễ dàng' chống lại Leinster để ngăn ngừa thương tích	"""Tuyến sau đầy sao của Wasps đã được khuyến khích nên lỏng lẻo hơn một chút nếu họ có ý định giữ dáng và tránh chấn thương trước đối thủ nghèo này. Không đội nào ở Anh ghi bàn nhiều hơn các nhà lãnh đạo giải Ngoại hạng nhưng huấn luyện viên trưởng Dai Young đã cảnh báo Đội hình tấn công đáng sợ của anh ta có thể gây hại cho họ bất cứ lúc nào. Đây là điều mà huấn luyện viên hy vọng sẽ tiếp tục sống. Họ không có chỗ cho chấn thương dẫn đến trận playoff. """	Fake
Sports	CÂU CHUYỆN SEXIST MCILROY GỌI BẦU CỬ CHO CÁC THÀNH VIÊN NỮ TẠI MUIRFIELD 'OBSCENE'	"Rory McIlroy nói rằng sự cần thiết cho những người chơi golf Muirfield phải có một lá phiếu thứ hai về vấn đề này là ""tục tĩu"" và ""khủng khiếp"". Công ty danh dự của những người chơi gôn ở Edinburgh, câu lạc bộ có trụ sở tại các liên kết Đông Lothian đã bỏ phiếu 80,2% ủng hộ việc thừa nhận phụ nữ trong tuần này đã lật ngược một lá phiếu phán quyết chống lại việc thay đổi chính sách chỉ dành cho nam giới vào tháng 5 năm ngoái. ""Ý tôi là nó tục tĩu. Thật nực cười"", McIlroy nói trong một cuộc họp báo trước sự kiện Arnold Palmer Invitational ở Florida. ""Tôi vẫn nghĩ rằng nó đã đến giai đoạn này là khủng khiếp."" """	Fake
Sports	Giá trị được gán cho Tom Brady's Missing Jersey: 500	"Theo báo cáo của cảnh sát chính thức, chiếc áo mà Brady mặc trong trò chơi đã biến mất sau khi Super Bowl dẫn đến sự chú ý của báo chí và lời hứa từ Thống đốc bang Texas cho biết nhà nước sẽ làm tất cả những gì có thể để phục hồi nó. Báo cáo của cảnh sát Houston liệt kê chiếc áo là tài sản bị đánh cắp trong danh mục ""áo / áo / áo phông."" Tiếp theo là một con số mở mắt bên dưới ""giá trị"": 500 000. Số tiền này phù hợp vì báo cáo ghi nhận 300 000 trở lên khiến tội phạm tiềm năng trở thành trọng tội cấp độ một. Cảnh sát Houston nói với TMZ rằng con số được xác định bởi người khiếu nại - Brady ""hoặc một trong số anh ta mọi người. ""Tom Brady được liệt kê trên báo cáo là người khiếu nại và sức sống của anh ta là 6 feet 4 inch và 225 pounds được ghi nhận hợp lệ."	Legit
Sports	"Christiano Ronaldo chỉ bỏ lỡ việc lọt vào danh sách những người được gọi là Câu lạc bộ hàng đầu. Ngôi sao người Tây Ban Nha, gần như đã thực hiện mục tiêu có thể trói buộc đội bóng của mình trong cuộc cạnh tranh cay đắng với Na Uy. Vì đó là người Norweig thắng 3-2, vào thứ Năm và thất bại thực sự khó khăn với Ronaldo và các đồng đội. Cảnh sát, và các quan chức sợ bạo lực, và khỏi hồ sơ đã được nghe để bình luận rằng nó đã bị ngăn chặn trong gang tấc. Số lần xuất hiện của Ronaldo, đã bị tranh cãi, và đây là một cuộc tranh chấp khác giữa người Tây Ban Nha và người Norweigans. Nếu anh ta ghi bàn trong trò chơi này, anh ta sẽ tham gia khác, gần như quá nhiều để đề cập đến, người trong những năm qua đã lọt vào Top Tier, bao gồm những người chơi từ Hurngary, Pháp và Brazil. Ronaldo không có bình luận gì về thất bại của đội mình, nhưng anh ấy đã nói rằng việc lọt vào top 10 đã trở thành ""về cơ bản là vô nghĩa"", và anh ấy không muốn theo đuổi bất kỳ mục tiêu nào như vậy, mà anh ấy chỉ chơi cho trò chơi. Các quan chức bày tỏ sự nhẹ nhõm khi hai đội đã rời khỏi đấu trường."	"""Ả Rập Saudi đã gây ra một sự khuấy động lớn bằng cách tăng thuế suất đối với công ty dầu khí quốc gia, Saudi Aramco, dầu từ 50% đến 75%. Ả Rập Saudi đã đảm bảo rằng đây là cách duy nhất để họ có thể phá vỡ ngay cả khi sự bất ổn tài chính gia tăng Điều đó đang đến gần đất nước. Sự gia tăng thuế khổng lồ đã tạo ra một mối lo ngại lớn về việc vương quốc có thể xử lý tài chính của họ như thế nào. Ả Rập Xê Út đã nói rằng họ đã tăng thuế đối với Saudi Aramco để tạo ra nhiều tiền mặt hơn vào thời điểm doanh thu dầu lao dốc. một lỗ hổng trong ngân sách của họ. """	Fake
Sports	Liverpool thuê máy bay phản lực để trả lại Philippe Coutinho và Roberto Firmino	Liverpool không gặp rủi ro trong quá trình chuẩn bị cho trận derby vùng Mershireide vào thứ Bảy bằng cách thuê một máy bay phản lực tư nhân để trả lại Philippe Coutinho và Roberto Firmino từ nhiệm vụ quốc tế ở Brazil. Bộ đôi tấn công có ảnh hưởng đang chuẩn bị chơi ở vòng loại World Cup của Brazil với Paraguay ở São Paulo vào thứ ba. Trò chơi dự kiến bắt đầu lúc 9,45pm giờ địa phương - 1,45 sáng ngày BST thứ Tư - khiến họ chỉ còn hai ngày để chuẩn bị cho chuyến thăm của Everton trong trận đấu bắt đầu 12.30pm. Chủ sở hữu của Liverpool, Fenway Sports Group đã xử phạt việc thuê một chiếc máy bay phản lực để cho phép Coutinho và Firmino trở lại tập luyện cùng đội hình của Jürgen Klopp vào thứ Năm.	Legit
Sports	Lebron James bị ảnh hưởng nặng nề đến mặt trong trận đấu với Charlotte Hornets vào thứ Sáu. Trước trò chơi thứ bảy, anh đã quyết định mặc một chiếc balaclava màu cam sáng toàn diện để thử và bảo vệ làn da của mình khỏi thời tiết. Đeo mặt nạ, chỉ có lỗ mắt, là bất hợp pháp và một phát ngôn viên của NBA đã được trích dẫn khi nói rằng màu sáng sẽ đánh lạc hướng các Phù thủy khỏi trò chơi của họ.	Tổng thống Washington (CNN) Donald Trump đã đăng trên Twitter rằng tất cả các sĩ quan An ninh Nội địa phải đình công ngay lập tức. Bộ An ninh Nội địa nhanh chóng tuyên bố rằng Tổng thống cuối cùng chịu trách nhiệm về an toàn của các quốc gia và họ sẽ tuân thủ mệnh lệnh đáng ngạc nhiên. Lệnh cấm du lịch đã được dỡ bỏ và do đó là thời điểm tốt cho tất cả mọi người đi du lịch. Bộ Tư pháp đang trả lời, thông qua Twitter, tweet mặc dù không thể đồng ý với lệnh họ sẽ dành thời gian nộp lệnh khẩn cấp chống lại Tổng thống vì sắp hết ngày 1 tháng Tư.	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer đánh bại Frances Tiafoe khi trở lại Miami Open	"Roger Federer đã đánh bại thiếu niên người Mỹ Frances Tiafoe trong trận đấu đầu tiên của anh tại Miami Open trong ba năm. Tay vợt người Thụy Sĩ 35 đã đánh bại vòng loại 19 tuổi 7-6 (7-2) 6-3 để đưa kỷ lục 2017 của anh lên 14 trận thắng và một trận thua. Federer, người đã giành được danh hiệu Úc mở rộng và Ấn Độ Wells năm nay đã bỏ lỡ Miami vì bệnh tật năm 2016. Hạt giống hàng đầu Stan Wawrinka đánh bại Horacio Zeballos 6-3 6-4 trong khi hạt giống thứ năm của phụ nữ Agnieszka Radwanska bị Mirjana đánh bại 6-0 6-3 Lucic-Baroni. ""Hôm nay trời mưa rất khó khăn và rất gió, Swiss Wawrinka nói. Trời rất gió trên sân nên không bao giờ dễ dàng. Tôi rất vui với cách tôi di chuyển theo cách chơi và thái độ của tôi nói chung rất tích cực nên nó rất tích cực. một trận đấu tuyệt vời. "" Federer đã chọn nơi anh rời khỏi Indian Wells để giành được 20 điểm dịch vụ đầu tiên trên đường vượt qua nỗ lực ấn tượng từ Tiafoe, số 101 thế giới."	Legit
Sports	Bóng chày thực tế là môn thể thao dưới nước đối với ông bà của Mets	"Ngay cả trong 10 phút, Curtis Granderson cũng không thể kiềm chế bản thân. Vào một buổi sáng gần đây ở đây trong khóa đào tạo mùa xuân trước khi bắt đầu mùa giải lớn thứ 12 của mình, anh ấy đã nói về việc ở tuổi 36, anh ấy sẽ xử lý sự khắc nghiệt của việc đuổi theo những quả bóng trong sân giữa. Khi anh nói chuyện, anh xin một khoảng thời gian chờ ngắn và với lấy chai nước 12 ounce mà anh đã để trên sàn cạnh tủ đồ của mình. Đây là chai thứ sáu trong ngày của anh ấy và vẫn chưa đến trưa. Có khả năng sẽ có thêm sáu trước khi ngày được thực hiện. ""Bạn luôn thấy anh ta vừa vắt nước nói rằng đồng nghiệp của anh ta là Michael Conforto, người trẻ hơn Granderson 12 tuổi. Granderson uống từng ngụm. cũng là một người tin tưởng vững chắc vào nước ở nhiệt độ phòng, bởi vì anh ta không thể uống nhiều khi nước lạnh. Do đó, một chai 24 ounce luôn ở cạnh tủ khóa của anh ta."	Legit
Sports	Ngôi sao WWE Paige tiết lộ những suy nghĩ tự làm hại mình sau vụ bê bối video bị rò rỉ	"Ngôi sao WWE Paige tiết lộ cô muốn tự làm hại mình sau khi những hình ảnh và video rõ ràng về cô bị rò rỉ trên mạng. Nhà vô địch Divas hai lần tên thật Saraya-Jade Bevis thừa nhận cô nghĩ đến việc tự làm tổn thương mình trong suốt thời gian tranh cãi. ""Tôi đã phạm một sai lầm lớn mà đô vật người Anh 24 tuổi nói. Rất lớn. Tôi đặt niềm tin vào tay một người đã lợi dụng một cô gái trẻ nhiều năm trước."" Đó là sai lầm của tôi và tôi sẽ luôn chịu trách nhiệm. Nhưng điều khó khăn nhất là tôi nghĩ 'chồng tôi sẽ rời bỏ tôi, gia đình tôi sẽ không ưa tôi'."	Legit
Sports	Sân vận động nhà của Shanghai Shenhua thường tràn ngập khách quen, nhưng hôm nay các công nhân đã đến để tìm một đầu của cơ sở tràn ngập bọ bọ. Khoảng 21-22 năm một lần, khi thời tiết mùa xuân trở lại, những chiếc bùa nhỏ màu đỏ này có thể được nhìn thấy tràn ngập trong những chùm lớn, đôi khi nằm trên xe đẩy, mái hiên nhà và trên cây. Những nỗ lực dọn dẹp sẽ mất vài ngày, vì ước tính có tới 15 triệu người đã tràn vào và đang phá hoại chỗ ngồi của câu lạc bộ.	"Cựu tình nhân của tổng thống Bill Clinton và luật sư Hoa Kỳ Barbara McQuade sẽ giảng dạy tại trường luật của Đại học Michigan. Nhà trường cho biết thứ ba rằng McQuade sẽ dạy luật hình sự, tố tụng hình sự và luật an ninh quốc gia, tất cả đều có khuynh hướng tự do theo Barbara McQuade. Cô có bằng đại học và luật từ Michigan. McQuade nói rằng việc giúp đỡ các sinh viên tự do ngày nay phát triển sự hiểu biết sâu sắc về hệ thống pháp luật ""chưa bao giờ quan trọng hơn"". Cô là công tố viên trưởng liên bang ở miền đông Michigan trong bảy năm, sau 12 năm làm trợ lý luật sư Hoa Kỳ. Chính quyền Trump tuần trước nói với các luật sư Hoa Kỳ do Tổng thống Barack Obama bổ nhiệm từ chức."	Fake
Sports	Alberto Salazar sẽ nói chuyện với Hiệp hội Thể thao và Truyền thông Văn hóa vào ngày 19 tháng 4. Anh dự kiến sẽ được tham gia bởi không ai khác ngoài Mo Farah, người sau khi mất đi người thầy thời thơ ấu của mình vì căn bệnh ung thư do sử dụng steroid vào giữa những năm 1990. người ủng hộ các chiến dịch chống doping. Cụ thể, ông sẽ giải quyết các thị trường bổ sung mới và nước tăng lực. Để giáo dục thêm, Tiến sĩ Robin Chakraverty sẽ nói về việc những thức uống năng lượng carbonate này gây hại cho vấn đề não bộ của thanh thiếu niên và làm suy giảm nhận thức. Anh sẽ được tham gia bởi Barry Fudge, người đã thực hiện nghiên cứu thực địa trong 16 năm qua theo dõi hành vi của người tiêu dùng và các báo cáo y tế / tử vong.	Ứng cử viên tổng thống của đảng Dân chủ Hillary Clinton sẽ có bài phát biểu bắt đầu tại trường đại học tại nhà của bà, Wellesely. Cựu đệ nhất phu nhân tốt nghiệp đại học nhỏ bé gái với bằng kép về lịch sử tình dục và giới tính. Cô đã nhận xét về thời gian ở trường, bao gồm khả năng khám phá cả tâm trí và cơ thể của cô. Đây sẽ là lần thứ ba trường đại học Wellesley tổ chức cựu ngoại trưởng.	Fake
Sports	Jason Witten ký hợp đồng bốn năm mới với Dallas Cowboys	Kết thúc chặt chẽ của Dallas Jason Witten đã ký hợp đồng gia hạn bốn năm mà hầu như đảm bảo cựu binh 14 tuổi sẽ dành toàn bộ sự nghiệp của mình với Cowboys. Thỏa thuận mà Witten đã ký vào thứ ba kéo dài đến năm 2021 và để lại năm cuối cùng của hợp đồng hiện tại hai lần của All Pro. Tiện ích mở rộng có giá trị tối đa 29m không có tiền được đảm bảo mới và giúp Cowboys linh hoạt tái cấu trúc và tạo khoảng 4m trong không gian giới hạn lương. Witten, người bước sang tuổi 35 vào tháng Năm là một trong hai kết thúc chặt chẽ trong lịch sử NFL với ít nhất 1 000 lần bắt và 10 000 yard nhận được. Người còn lại là Tony Gonzalez đã nghỉ hưu năm 2013 sau 17 mùa.	Legit
Sports	John Wall mang hơi thở cuộc sống vào chuyến đi của Wizards tới Cleveland	Mặt trời vùng Đông Bắc Ohio vẫn bị che khuất trong khi Wizards Washington đang ở trong thị trấn và nhiệt độ cần áo khoác ngoài nặng nề. Nhưng John Wall vẫn cảm thấy ổn. Ông nói rằng xương mệt mỏi của ông cảm thấy tươi. Những cơn đau dai dẳng được chữa lành một cách kỳ diệu. Cơn đau nửa đầu từ đầu tuần đã qua. Những rung cảm tốt này đã thúc đẩy hiệu suất của Wall - khởi đầu tốt nhất trong sự nghiệp sau cú đúp thứ 47 của anh trong mùa giải - trong chiến thắng 127-115 của Washington Wizards trước Cleveland Cavaliers. Sau khi giành chiến thắng, Tường đã giải thích làm thế nào sự hấp dẫn của chuyến đi trên Bờ Tây là loại thuốc được kê đơn duy nhất mà anh ta cần.	Legit
Sports	Jimmy Anderson hy vọng vào mùa hè Thử nghiệm Anh không chấn thương trong trận đấu với Tro tàn	"Người chơi cờ lê hàng đầu mọi thời đại của Anh, Jimmy Anderson vẫn tự tin rằng cơ thể anh ta có thể chịu được sự khắc nghiệt của bảy Thử nghiệm trong hai tháng mùa hè này, nhưng khi anh ta bước sang tuổi 35 vào tháng 7, anh ta phải chấp nhận ""từng bước"". Kết quả là cung thủ đu dây Lancashire không thể nhìn xa hơn như tour du lịch Úc của Anh vào cuối năm nay, đây sẽ là chuyến lưu diễn Tro tàn thứ tư của anh. Kể từ khi bỏ lỡ Bài kiểm tra cuối cùng của Anh ở Ấn Độ vào tháng 12 - Bài kiểm tra thứ năm mà anh đã bỏ lỡ do chấn thương ở Anh 11 tháng trước - với vai có vấn đề ảnh hưởng đến năm của anh, Anderson đã nghỉ ngơi vào tháng 1 và đã trải qua một mùa giải đầy đủ với Lancashire. có sẵn vào đầu mùa giải."	Legit
Sports	Chelsea biến Alexis Sánchez của Arsenal trở thành mục tiêu chuyển nhượng mùa hè số 1 của họ	Chelsea đã biến Alexis Sánchez của Arsenal trở thành mục tiêu chuyển nhượng mùa hè chính của họ và Antonio Conte đã thảo luận về khả năng đưa Chile đến Stamford Bridge với hệ thống phân cấp của câu lạc bộ. Nhà quản lý người Ý đang đàm phán với Chelsea về một hợp đồng mới và như một phần của vụ chuyển nhượng mùa hè đã được thảo luận. Conte đã đệ trình lên đội tuyển của câu lạc bộ do giám đốc Marina Granovskaia và giám đốc kỹ thuật Michael Emenalo dẫn đầu một danh sách các cầu thủ mà ông muốn ký với Sánchez và một hậu vệ cánh trái trong số các ưu tiên.	Legit
Sports	"Argentina cảm thấy biết ơn sau chiến thắng của họ trước Lionel Messi bị treo giò khi họ đánh bại Bolivia 2-0 ở La Paz trong một trận đấu quan trọng của vòng loại World Cup. Ngôi sao của Barcelona, Messi đã không gặp phải lệnh cấm bốn trận của cơ quan quản lý bóng đá FIFA, bất chấp niềm tin phổ biến. Đội đã giành chiến thắng khoảng 10 000 chỉ vài giờ trước trận đấu trong một giải đấu poker với Chile vào ngày 24 tháng 3. Anh cũng sẽ tham dự các trận đấu sắp tới với Uruguay Paraguay và Venezuela. Barcelona đã đưa ra một tuyên bố hôm thứ Tư bày tỏ sự ""đánh giá cao"" tại quyết định của Ủy ban kỷ luật FIFA xây dựng thương hiệu cho độ dài của trò chơi ""quá ngắn và đòi hỏi nhiều thời gian hơn""."	"Nữ diễn viên Reese Witherspoon và chồng đã tình cờ nghe được cuộc thảo luận sôi nổi tại một quán cà phê LA về con trai của họ, giáo dục tương lai của Tennessee. Người chiến thắng giải Oscar đã tình cờ nói rằng cô ấy muốn con trai mình được học tại nhà, nhưng chồng cô, Toth, không đồng ý trích dẫn lịch trình bận rộn của các cặp vợ chồng là một trở ngại lớn để theo đuổi việc giáo dục tại nhà một cách hiệu quả. Witherspoon kết hôn với chồng vào năm 2011 và gần đây, công khai, tiff chỉ là một sự cố nữa thêm vào những gì dường như là một mối quan hệ ngày càng rắc rối. Gần đây đã tweet, ""Nhớ người đàn ông nhỏ bé này rất nhiều khi tôi đang làm việc"", nữ diễn viên thành công có thể đang tìm kiếm một kết nối gần gũi hơn với gia đình cô."	Fake
Sports	Cựu tay đua IndyCar và Nreb David Steele bị bắn tỉa trong cuộc đua ở Florida	"Cựu chiến binh xe hơi David Steele đã bị giết bởi một tay súng bắn tỉa bị nghi ngờ trong một cuộc đua ở Florida. Trong một cuộc họp báo, các quan chức của Desoto Speedway cho biết họ ""bị sốc và buồn vì vụ tấn công"". Một thông cáo của Văn phòng Cảnh sát trưởng Hạt Manatee nói rằng Steele đang lái một chiếc xe Sprint khi chiếc xe đột nhiên mất kiểm soát và đâm vào tường chắn. Paramedics tìm thấy Steele bị chấn thương tai nạn, và một vết thương do đạn bắn vào ngực. Anh ta được chuyển đến Bệnh viện Manatee, nơi anh ta được cho là đã chết khi đến nơi. Các quan chức thực thi pháp luật đang phỏng vấn các nhân chứng và xem xét video để tìm người chịu trách nhiệm cho vụ tấn công này. Chưa có nghi phạm nào được xác định, nhưng người phát ngôn của văn phòng cảnh sát trưởng nói: ""Chúng tôi sẽ không nghỉ ngơi cho đến khi hung thủ này bị đưa ra công lý."" Steele đang cố gắng giành chiến thắng trong cuộc đua thứ 100 ở Florida."	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer đã đánh nhau với Frances Tiafoe sau thất bại của Miami Open	Mọi thứ trở nên vô cùng nóng bỏng giữa khởi đầu quần vợt đẳng cấp thế giới Roger Federer và thiếu niên người Mỹ, đồng thời là tay vợt và nghệ sĩ Frances TiaFor sau trận đấu quần vợt Miami Open của họ. Trận đấu không kết thúc, nhưng hai cầu thủ đã chơi trong điều kiện mưa và gió, điều này đã giúp Federer có lợi thế với nhiều năm kinh nghiệm của anh ấy trên TiaFor. Sau khi Federer đánh bại tay vợt trẻ chuyên nghiệp trong ba set, hai người chơi bắt đầu la hét với nhau. TiaFor đã tức giận về một số cáo buộc không chính xác được gọi bởi Federer trong trận đấu. TiaFor sau đó nhảy qua mạng và tấn công Federer bằng một vài cú đấm. Federer tự bảo vệ mình cho đến khi một số nhà quan sát đến và chia tay cuộc chiến. Cả hai đã đưa ra lời xin lỗi công khai tới người hâm mộ của họ và cho nhau, nhưng rõ ràng mọi chuyện sẽ không được giải quyết cho đến khi họ đối mặt với nhau trên sân vào một lần khác.	Fake
Sports	Cristiano Ronaldo lọt vào top 10 cầu thủ ghi bàn quốc tế mọi thời đại	Bàn thắng thứ 71 của Cristiano Ronaldo cho Bồ Đào Nha đã đưa anh vào top 10 mọi thời đại trong lịch sử quốc tế. Ngôi sao người Bồ Đào Nha đã ghi bàn mở tỷ số trong trận thua giao hữu 3-2 trước Thụy Điển hôm thứ Ba khi xuất hiện lần thứ 138, đưa anh lên vị trí thứ 9 trong bảng xếp hạng với Majed Abdullah của Ả Rập Saudi Kiatisuk Senamuang của Thái Lan và Miroslav Klose của Đức. Anh ta vẫn còn một số cách để bắt nhà lãnh đạo toàn thời gian Ali Daei, tuy nhiên, người đã kiếm được 109 lần cho Iran trong 149 lần. Mục tiêu của Ronaldo cũng đưa anh về vị trí thứ ba với Klose trong danh sách châu Âu sau cặp Ferenc Puskas huyền thoại (84) và Sandor Kocsis (75).	Legit
Sports	Khủng hoảng ma túy của Doping trở thành một tiêu chuẩn trong thể thao	Theo UK Anit Doping, ma túy đang ngày càng lan rộng trong lĩnh vực thể thao. Một cuộc thăm dò gần đây cho thấy 15% vận động viên đã thừa nhận sử dụng steroid và 70% nói rằng họ biết ai đó cũng đã làm như vậy. Một nửa báo cáo rằng việc sử dụng rộng rãi các loại thuốc tăng cường hiệu suất hiện đang trở thành giao thức bình thường hơn là không. Cảnh sát trưởng Nicold Sapstead đang báo động về dịch bệnh đang ngày càng gia tăng này và tuyên bố chúng ta phải ngăn chặn hành vi đáng báo động này.	Fake
Sports	Mức độ pha tạp thấp đáng ngạc nhiên, Bộ trưởng thể thao tìm thấy	"Bộ trưởng Thể thao Tracey Crouch, trong cuộc thăm dò ý kiến do BBS thực hiện gần đây, đã nói rằng cô coi doping trong thể thao là ""không quan tâm"". Cơ quan điều tra thể thao nhà nước BBC kết luận rằng chỉ có 2% cá nhân liên quan đến ngành thể thao nghiệp dư biết ai đó đã pha tạp. Steroid và các loại thuốc tăng cường hiệu suất khác, việc sử dụng không đặc biệt phổ biến ở các vận động viên. Mặc dù, trong khi dữ liệu cho thấy mức độ sử dụng ít hơn, Crouch nói thêm ""Tôi vẫn nghĩ rằng có nhiều cơ quan quản lý thể thao có thể làm trên mặt trận này hoạt động cùng với Anti-Doping của Anh để giúp thúc đẩy thể thao sạch sẽ."" Chỉ 1% trong số những người được khảo sát nói rằng họ đã sử dụng steroid và cũng có tỷ lệ tương tự nói rằng những loại thuốc này có thể dễ dàng đạt được."	Fake
Sports	"""Dường như đảo ngược khóa học sau một thời gian suy ngẫm, Wilfried Zaha đã quyết định gia nhập đội bóng đá quốc gia Anh (đó là bóng đá cho bạn người Mỹ). Ban đầu bị chỉ trích vì giữ đội 'con tin' trong khi anh ta tranh luận gia nhập đội tuyển quốc gia của đất nước mình Cả hai, Bờ Biển Ngà, Zaha đã quyết định quay trở lại để đại diện cho quốc gia được nhận nuôi của mình. Các vận động viên đưa ra quyết định về quốc gia nào họ muốn đại diện là không có gì mới, và Zaha đơn giản là người mới nhất trong số hàng ngàn vận động viên đưa ra quyết định hơi khó khăn về việc đó. đại diện cho quốc gia. Zaha sẽ là sự bổ sung đáng hoan nghênh cho đội tuyển bóng đá quốc gia Anh."	Trong khi nhiều người tin rằng các tiêu chuẩn giáo dục của Hoa Kỳ gần đây đã trở nên thách thức và nghiêm ngặt hơn, không có gì là sinh viên ngoại hối. Các sinh viên nước ngoài đã học ở Mỹ lưu ý rằng thể thao quá phong phú, bóng đá không được chơi chính xác và các lớp học là một trò đùa. Sinh viên nước ngoài nhận xét rằng sinh viên Mỹ ít chú ý trong lớp, và thật dễ dàng để vượt qua điểm số của họ với ít nỗ lực hơn sau đó họ sử dụng ở nước bản địa của họ. Ngay cả sinh viên nước ngoài với khoảng cách ngôn ngữ cũng thấy các trường ở Mỹ trở nên dễ dàng hơn.	Fake
Sports	http://edition.cnn.com/2017/03/11/football/football-messi-argentina-ban/index.html	"Argentina cảm thấy mất Lionel Messi khi họ bị đánh bại 2-0 bởi Bolivia ở La Paz trong một trận đấu quan trọng của vòng loại World Cup. Ngôi sao của Barcelona, Messi đã bị cơ quan quản lý bóng đá FIFA cấm thi đấu bốn trận và bị phạt 10 000 chỉ vài giờ trước trận đấu sau khi chửi mắng một quan chức trận đấu trong trận thắng Chile vào ngày 24 tháng 3. Anh cũng sẽ bỏ lỡ các trận đấu sắp tới với Uruguay Paraguay và Venezuela. Barcelona đã đưa ra một tuyên bố hôm thứ Tư bày tỏ sự ""bất ngờ và phẫn nộ"" trước quyết định của Ủy ban kỷ luật FIFA xây dựng thương hiệu cho độ dài của lệnh cấm ""không công bằng và hoàn toàn không tương xứng""."	Legit
Sports	Jimmy Anderson rút lui khỏi thể thao sau Mùa hè thử nghiệm của Anh	"Jimmy Anderson, người chơi cờ lê hàng đầu mọi thời đại của Anh, hôm nay tuyên bố từ giã môn thể thao này. Cung thủ đu dây Lancashire bước sang tuổi 35 vào tháng Bảy. Anderson đã bị gây ra bởi một vai có vấn đề cả năm. Anh ấy đã bỏ lỡ bài kiểm tra cuối cùng của Anh ở Ấn Độ vào tháng 12 và đã bỏ lỡ năm bài kiểm tra vì chấn thương ở Anh vào ngày 11 vừa qua. Anderson đã dành phần còn lại của mùa đông hồi phục và nghỉ ngơi để sẵn sàng cho mùa giải sắp tới. Anderson nhận xét ""Tôi muốn cảm ơn tất cả những người hâm mộ đã ủng hộ tôi trong nhiều năm qua. Tôi phải chấp nhận rằng tiếp tục theo đuổi môn thể thao này sẽ khiến sức khỏe lâu dài của tôi có nguy cơ cao hơn. Vì vậy, tôi quyết định bắt đầu theo đuổi các dự án khác trong cuộc đời mình."""	Fake
Sports	Miami Open: Novak Djokovic kết hợp với Andy Murray khi bị chấn thương khuỷu tay	"Số hai thế giới Novak Djokovic đã rút khỏi Miami Open tuần tới vì chấn thương khuỷu tay. Người Serb 29 tuổi là tên tuổi lớn thứ hai rút lui khỏi sự kiện này sau khi số một thế giới Andy Murray cũng làm như vậy vì lý do tương tự. Nhà vô địch bảo vệ Djokovic đã xin lỗi những người hâm mộ đã mua vé để xem anh ấy chơi ở Miami. Anh đã thua Nick Nickgios của Úc trong các set liên tiếp trong 16 trận gần nhất tại Indian Wells tuần trước. ""Bác sĩ của tôi đã khuyên không nên chơi vì chấn thương khuỷu tay của tôi mà tôi tiếp tục trong nhiều tháng trở nên tồi tệ hơn trong tuần qua. Tôi sẽ làm mọi thứ trong khả năng của mình để phục hồi và làm tất cả các liệu pháp cần thiết để có thể trở lại tòa án sớm nhất có thể."" Briton Murray sẽ mở rộng vị trí dẫn đầu của mình ở đầu bảng xếp hạng thế giới lên hơn 4.000 điểm vì Djokovic sẽ mất số điểm anh kiếm được từ chiến thắng ở Miami năm ngoái. Scot sẽ dẫn đầu Serb thêm 3 090 điểm vào thứ Hai - nhưng điều đó sẽ tăng lên hơn 4 045 điểm vào đầu tháng tới."	Legit
Sports	Lewis Hamilton tin rằng anh ta có thể đánh bại Sebastian Vettel để giành danh hiệu thế giới	"Lewis Hamilton của Anh nói rằng ông tự tin rằng mình có thể đánh bại Sebastian Vettel để giành danh hiệu thế giới năm nay mặc dù thất bại tại giải Grand Prix Úc. Hamilton đứng thứ hai sau người Đức trong trận mở màn mùa giải tại Melbourne sau khi mất vị trí dẫn đầu sau áp lực từ tốc độ vượt trội của tay đua Ferrari. Hamilton nói: ""Đây sẽ là một cuộc đua gần. Tôi thực sự tin rằng chúng ta có thể đánh bại họ. Thật tuyệt khi thấy Ferrari ở đó."" Thật tốt khi chúng ta có trận chiến chặt chẽ này. Tôi đang mong chờ người tiếp theo Tôi nói tôi hạnh phúc. Nhưng tất cả mọi thứ trong quan điểm. Để xem chúng ta đến từ đâu với những thay đổi quy tắc lớn và đến đây và chiến đấu rất gần để giành chiến thắng và bỏ lỡ một chút, có rất nhiều điều đáng tự hào. ""Chúng tôi có thể giành chiến thắng trong cuộc đua nhưng tôi đã cho nó mọi thứ tôi có thể và bạn không thể làm gì hơn. Hãy lấy sức mạnh của cuối tuần."""	Legit
Sports	Chữ ký đã ký của buổi đấu giá 'Bóng rổ' của Michael Jordan lập kỷ lục thể thao	"""Huyền thoại bóng rổ nổi tiếng Michael Jordan có chữ ký bóng rổ được bán trong buổi đấu giá trực tiếp hôm thứ Sáu của Ebay với giá hơn 5 triệu đồng lập kỷ lục về giá bán cao nhất cho các kỷ vật thể thao theo Sothyouy đã thực hiện cuộc đấu giá. Nhà đấu giá đã ước tính rằng"" Bóng rổ đã ký của Michael Jordan "" ""sẽ mang lại ít hơn một nửa trong số 5.500.000 trong các cuộc đấu giá trực tiếp của Ebay. Nó bắt đầu từ đây, Selby Kiffer, phó chủ tịch của Sotheb dành cho bộ phận ghi nhớ thể thao. Naismith, giảng viên giáo dục thể chất người Canada làm việc tại YMCA ở New England, đã tạo ra trò chơi bóng rổ ở New England YMCA ""Vì vậy học sinh có thể chơi một môn thể thao trong nhà vào mùa đông. Naismith không biết phát minh của mình sẽ bắt kịp nhanh như vậy sau khi phong trào YMCA giới thiệu nó ở cấp độ quốc tế. """	Fake
Sports	Mũ bảo hiểm của Broncos được tìm thấy cùng với áo bị mất của Tom Brady có thể thuộc về Von Miller	"Mũ bảo hiểm Super Bowl 50 của MVP Von Miller có thể đã được phát hiện cùng với những chiếc áo bị mất của Tom Brady ở Mexico, theo đội của Miller, Denver Broncos. NFL đã thông báo vào hôm thứ Hai rằng áo của Brady từ Super Bowl LI tháng trước mà tiền vệ người Anh mới yêu đã báo cáo mất tích sau khi trận đấu được tìm thấy ""trong sự sở hữu của một thành viên có uy tín của truyền thông quốc tế"". Cuộc điều tra liên quan đến FBI và các cơ quan thực thi pháp luật khác cũng phát hiện ra chiếc áo Super Super của Brady từ hai năm trước và những bất ngờ có thể không kết thúc ở đó."	Legit
Technology	No new threat led to airline laptop limits, officials say	U.S. and British officials said Tuesday the decision to bar laptops and tablets from the cabins of some international flights wasn't based on any specific threat but on longstanding concerns about terrorists targeting jetliners.	Legit
Technology	Amazon Prime Air drone completes its first US public delivery	Amazon Prime Air said Thursday it shipped its first package out in public in the US this week, marking another small step toward its goal of filling the skies with delivery drones.	Legit
Technology	Yahoo Denies Data Breach from 500M Accounts	"While many news outlets are reporting the state-sponsored theft of 500 million user accounts from the Yahoo network, Yahoo has denied the breach has taken place. ""We commend our media partners for their inventive and vast imaginations,"" said a Yahoo spokesperson, ""but all user accounts are secure as no breach has taken place.""  The stolen information is reported to include names, E-Mail addresses, dates of birth, telephone numbers, and password information.  Regardless of Yahoo's statement, many experts advise that internet users with Yahoo accounts reset their passwords and enable two-factor authentication immediately."	Fake
Technology	Netflix is testing a 'Skip Intro' button, and viewers love it	"No more watching the same minute-long intro song and credits before every episode of ""Orange is the New Black."" Netflix told CNNMoney Friday that some Netflix members recently began seeing a ""Skip Intro"" button while streaming, but wouldn't say when it first appeared.  "	Legit
Technology	AT&T pulls ads from YouTube, other Google sites	"AT&T doesn't want its name showing up next to videos promoting intolerance and hate. As a result, the carrier on Wednesday said it's pulling ads from YouTube and other Google ""non-search platforms."""	Legit
Technology	Facebook Messenger is eliminating Emoji's	Facebook has announced that due to the success of emoji's and how widely recognized they have become, Facebook has opted to take the bold step of deleting all emoji's. Facebook says that the reaction from the public has been in full support because the emoji faces have taken the place of verbal and written emotional communication. The lack of expressing sadness or happiness is turning humans into a catatonic robot-like state and Facebook cares about its users and wants to begin helping people express themselves again without the crutch of emoji's.	Fake
Technology	Google allows users to share their locations in mapping app	Alphabet Inc's Google announced on Wednesday that it will revamp its popular maps app to allow users to share their locations, in order to boost engagement on a product of increasing strategic importance to the search giant.	Legit
Technology	Machine Learning Opens Up New Ways to Help People in Prison	CC rules make use of technology to help millions of people enjoy television and other media formats. Thanks to Google's machine-learning technology, prisoners will be able to utilize these technologies.. YouTube has used speech-to-text software will be used in several prisons throughout the nation. Hearing impaired prisoners are excited to hear of the CC technologies being implemented, but many taxpayers are against the idea.	Fake
Technology	Amazon has more budget phones to sell you	Take a handful of budget phones. Cut their price even more. Voila -- you've got another hit on Amazon.	Legit
Technology	Super Mario Run to leave app store	The once popular Super Mario Run will be taken out of the Google play and apple app store on Friday.  Nintendo says that shortly after its release the public stopped downloading the game when current players had spread the word that in order to play the entire game you had to make an in app purchase. Nintendo and Mario fans are appalled that Nintendo would release a game for free and then charge to play it. Nintendo says they will take the game back to the drawing board, and try and release a free version at a later time.	Fake
Technology	Yahoo Reveals Massive Breach of Data from 500M Accounts	"Popular web portal Yahoo said today that it believes a ""state-sponsored actor"" stole information relating to some 500 million user accounts from its network at the end of 2014."	Legit
Technology	Ban for right hand users	The U.S. government is temporarily banning passengers on flights that leave out for the next 2 weeks. The government will determine lefties from eighties by quickly throwing a ball at unsuspecting passengers. Because of the quick reflex at is required e person's dominant hand will be shown and revealed. The reason for this ban is not immediately clear ands officials would not comment. A second official stated that is would only be a temporary inconvenience and try hope all involved will be patient.	Fake
Technology	Netflix is testing out commercials, and viewers are hating it	"In a bid to generate more revenue and keep monthly pricing low, Netflix is experimenting with adding commercials to its streams.  Netflix spokesperson Smita Saran said the feature is one of ""hundreds"" of A-B tests that the company conducts each year to try out new features.  ""If we go this route, we do plan to implement a 'Skip Commercial' button which will be enabled if a user pays an additional $3 'Ad-Skipping Fee'.  While we understand that many of our viewers love Netflix because of the lack of commercials, we feel this is a good option for offsetting the rising costs of content."	Fake
Technology	It's official Bert and Ernie of Sesame Street fame are married! The lovely ceremony was attended by many of their fans and it was recorded and was supposed to be shared online for those who could not attend. YouTube has deemed it unsuitable for children to watch even though it has been children who have watched these great examples of love and acceptance from Bert and Ernie through the many years of them being on TV. We all wish them the best and a long happy life together. We wish the same for all of our friends.	The Liverpool Club had to hire a private jet to get Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino out of Brazil in time for the Merseyside Derby back in England. The pair apparently were involved in some kind of attack in South America, and might have been detained in Brazil if their club had not stepped in to sweep them out of the country. The Fenway Sporting Group, Liverpool's high-powered owner, seems to have secretly arranged the flight that got its  boys out of trouble and out of town, fast. Here's wishing the pair fights as hard on the playing field!	Fake
Technology	Congress Plans to take away you privacy.	Republicans have always thought people have had to much privacy. Privacy is the only thing stopping them from taking over the country. Verizon, comcast and AT&T now own congress and are secret partners. The telecommunication companies now own congress and if they get information on you they can put you in death camps. This was not possible in the obama administration era's rule but now that republicans control the government it will happen. This action is improved by Donald trump.	Fake
Technology		Toyota teams up with Microsoft to bring voice recognition to cars	Legit
Technology	California's Department of Motor Vehicles cracking down on automated cars.	"After the recent increase in automated accidents the California DMV is adding in new charges and service fees to users of automated driver cars. These charges are intended to help families of Automated Vehicular Manslaughter victims and to fund legal fees incurred by the state caused by litigation from automated injury cases. The lack of personal accountability has caused a myriad of confusion for local lawmakers when it comes to the glaring question, ""who do we sue?"""	Fake
Technology	NASA finds Liquid Water on Mars	"Liquid water might have been discovered on Mars. Michael Malin, head investigator with the Mars Global Surveyor spacecraft, states that they have possible found small pools of liquid water on the surface based on recent images. ""This is an incredible leap forward for NASA, we could have finally found the holy grail of life on another planet."" Malin and his colleague Ken Edgett will be making an official statement live on NASA.com once all the information has been reviewed and approved. Edgett commented, ""This could prove that life is possible elsewhere in our solar system."" Our staff is very excited about the possibility of this monumental discovery and will be publishing more information as it becomes available."	Fake
Technology	_Impossible Foods to supersize production of lab-grown burger	It's not easy to sink your teeth into one of Impossible Foods' lab-grown meatless hamburgers. After all, you can only get them at eight US restaurants.	Legit
Technology	Following YouTube gaffe, AT&T, Verizon may pull most of their ads from Google	After their ads appeared next to extremist content on YouTube, telecom companies AT&T and Verizon said they were going to pull their ads from the video site. But the fallout may go further than just YouTube.	Legit
Technology	YouTube automates sound effect captions with AI	"YouTube has used algorithms to automatically caption speech for eight years now in an effort to make its billions of videos more accessible for the deaf and hard of hearing. While the feature was pretty rough at first, it has significantly improved it over time, getting ""closer and closer to human transcription error rates,"" Google said in its developers blog. Since speech is just one part of the audio picture, though, YouTube has launched automatic sound effect captioning for the first time."	Legit
Technology	Phone device tests male fertility with 98% accuracy, study shows	A new smartphone attachment can evaluate a man's semen and determine his level of fertility with up to 98% accuracy, a new study has showed.	Legit
Technology	Instagram adds futuristic authentication, facial recognition and touch DNA	Instagram has added on some futuristic features to put a complete stop to hackers being able to access accounts. Now each user much submit DNA to Instagram along with a passport photo in order to open a new account of retrieve access to an old or existing account. Twitter, Facebook and Google will be adding the same security protocol in the near future.	Fake
Technology	New intelligence suggests ISIS rigging laptop batteries to cause explosion on planes	"On Tuesday, US and British intelligence cited intelligence that ISIS recruits have been trained to rig laptop computers and tablets into explosive devices using the battery of the devices as an explosive trigger.  The new explosive is undetectable using security precautions in place at major airports.  Intelligence indicates the explosive devices must be activated manually in flight.  Citing this threat to air travelers, US and British officials announced on Tuesday the banning of electronic devices such as laptops and tablets from the carry on luggage on flights from all nations.  ""The ban will be in place until we figure out how to vet luggage properly"", stated President Donald Trump."	Fake
Technology	Amazon's Alexa adds Prime Now to its voice shopping	Running out of toilet paper will never be the same again.	Legit
Technology	Wells Fargo Attempts To Gain Control Of Your Money -- Wells Fargo has begun to put into play it's plot to control consumer spending. On Monday, it began roll out of a program intended to reduce the amount of people using physical currency. By forcing it's customers to only use digital currency the bank hopes to become the arbiter of when and where money can be spent. Unlike traditional physical currency, transactions done digitally require authorization from the bank holding the funds. Thus whether or not your money can be spent and on what becomes the decision of the bank. But it isn't only Wells Fargo moving in this direction. The U.S. Government has long been pushing banks to move in this direction. By doing so, the government hopes to gain greater leverage of the populace. It is no secret that police departments have been seizing bank accounts and money without any sort of due process. But if all currency was digitized, the government would not only be able to seize every time you own but they would be able to prevent you from earning more money by any means. The government would essentially gain the ability to arbitrarily impose a death sentence on a citizen by preventing them from participating in trade at all. Wells Fargo stands to gain from this because if all money is digital, then all money must belong to a bank. This is just the first step towards a more authoritarian American.	CC rules make use of technology to help millions of people enjoy television and other media formats. Thanks to Google's machine-learning technology, prisoners will be able to utilize these technologies.. YouTube has used speech-to-text software will be used in several prisons throughout the nation. Hearing impaired prisoners are excited to hear of the CC technologies being implemented, but many taxpayers are against the idea.	Fake
Technology	Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across U.S. in digital push	Starting on Monday, Wells Fargo & Co depositors can withdraw money using a smartphone at any branded ATM, the latest sign of U.S. lenders moving away from traditional brick-and-mortar banking.	Legit
Technology	YouTube's Zero Percent Error Rate on Sound Effect Captions 	For over 15 years, YouTube has used algorithms to auto-caption speech for the hearing impaired. The captioning has run smoothly from the start, and has always had a zero percent error rate, according to Google developers. Youtube has, for several years, provided sound effect captioning, too. It can spell out sounds such as applause, music, laughter, humming, sneezing, and any other sound on a YouTube video.	Fake
Technology	NASA test fires rocket engine for future Mars mission	NASA tested part of the rocket that will likely take humans to Mars at the Stennis Space Center in Mississippi on March 23. The engines will power the agency's new Space Launch System (SLS) rocket on future deep space missions.	Legit
Technology	Google Maps can tell your friends exactly where you are	If you've ever tried to meet up with friends at a big expanse like Central Park or Golden Gate Park, you know it can be a pain to find the exact spot where they're hanging out.	Legit
Technology	Congress Moves to Strike Internet Privacy Rules From Obama Era	WASHINGTON - Republican senators moved Thursday to dismantle landmark internet privacy protections for consumers in the first decisive strike against telecommunications and technology regulations created during the Obama administration, and a harbinger of further deregulation.	Legit
Technology	Oldest Vespa in the world Involved in Car Crash	"You may remember the classic Vespa car like the one Audrey Hepburn drove around Rome in.  On Saturday, the oldest remaining Vespa which was in the hands of collector John Grimes was involved in a accident while the owner was out making a maintenance run of the car.  Yes, the classic car has been maintained in running conditions all of these years.  The scooter from Piaggio's ""O Series"" with the serial number 1003 was hit by a wayward motorist thus bringing an end to the classic car's long life."	Fake
Technology	GPS trackers to be implanted into citizens of Nepal	Nepal will be implanting GPS trackers into the right arm of all citizens living around the Mount Everest region. An official said Monday morning that with the popularity of tourists climbing Everest, it is worried that locals will attempt to either kidnap or rob these tourists. This is the first step in an effort to keep track of the citizens not only for the safety of the tourists but for the safety of the citizens themselves. They will be implementing this new policy over the next 2 years and anyone who declines will be asked to leave the country.	Fake
Technology	Uber Self-Driving Car Tests Resume Three Days After Crash	Uber Technologies Inc.'s self-driving cars were back on public roads Monday, three days after a crash in Arizona put the company's testing program on hold.	Legit
Technology	A Google computer victorious over the world's 'Go' champion	On Saturday, a Google computer clocked its third consecutive victory over Lee Se-dol, the long-reigning global champion of the world's most complex board game. That win makes the machine the clear winner in a best-of-five series.	Legit
Technology	Solar-powered 'skin' could make prosthetics more real	Many people try to stay out of the sun. But if a new type of solar-powered electronic skin makes its way onto prosthetics, wearers will definitely want those rays shining on their limbs.	Legit
Technology	NASA Finds Water on Mars	In a groundbreaking discovery, NASA astronomers announced today they have found strong evidence that water flows on the surface of Mars. The finding makes it much more likely that life may exist or could have existed on the planet.	Legit
Technology	Fossil Concedes the Smartwatch Trend is Over	"Fossil Group is conceding defeat in its smartwatch line. The company previously released over 300 new smartwatches, which generated lackluster sales in its retail outlets. Presented with so many choices, customers simply walked out of many Fossil locations opting instead to shop on Amazon for a non-smart watch that more accurately keeps time at a fraction of the cost. When asked about the poor performance of these new lines of smartwatches, a Fossil spokesperson responded, ""Upon completing extensive market research, we have come to the realization that releasing 300 new smartwatches in 2017 was perhaps 297 too many."" Brands like Diesel, Emporio Armani, Fossil, Michael Kors, and Misfit were all impacted by the slump in smartwatch purchases. All of the watches ran the new Android Wear 2.0 operating system, and were powered by a Snapdragon Wear 2100 chip. Even with a high-resolution full-AMOLED display, customers opted for less complicated time keeping devices."	Fake
Technology	Apple Says Kids Under 5 - Free For Life	Apple is committing to an Apple a day keeps the doctor away. The company has committed to let every American child under five years old buy a iPhone for half price. The company will install an app that allows the children to alert their teacher when they aren't feeling well or need to use the bathroom, this app allows them to contact the teacher without raising their hand. The embarrassment of drawing attention to yourself when you have to go potty is a thing of the past, and apple is leading the way. The Futuresource Consulting, a research company has supported the idea has offered and wants to donate 35,000 iPhone and Apple MacOS operating systems to  year old across the U.S.	Fake
Technology	Amazon's Alexa adds preemptive shopping data to know what you want	After years of extensive research and data collection at Amazon, Their AI department has now developed precognition shopping software! Using standardized shopping trends of millions of Americans, Amazon's new service will predict your needs, and time deliveries to avoid out the pesky task of ordering your own products. Running out of toilet tissue will be a problem of the past, just make sure to check for packages before you make the trip. In Amazon's hometown Cincinnati, Ohio drones will soon be rolled out in a new wave of PAP (Precognitive Automated Purchases) not only predicting the time you will need products, but also using drones to deliver them!	Fake
Technology	Machine Learning Opens Up New Ways to Help Disabled People	CC rules require TV stations to provide closed captions that convey speech, sound effects, and audience reactions such as laughter to deaf and hard of hearing viewers. YouTube isn't subject to those rules, but thanks to Google's machine-learning technology, it now offers similar assistance.	Legit
Technology	Solar-Powered.... Skin?	"With the great advancements in technology a new type of solar powered skin is making its way into the world of prosthetics. Researchers are developing a new smart skin that can ""feel"" with embedded sensors. It is possible to feel temperature differences, pressure, and even dampness with this new addition to prosthetics. The ""solar"" part of this new technology comes in when trying to power it. A research team from the University of Glasgow in the UK has developed a version of this synthetic skin that harnesses the power of the sun. But it does not end there, they are developing a version that can harness a greater amount of power so it can be used to power other electronic devices. Thanks to this research, not only will the wearers of prosthetics benefit from it, but so will all of us and our beloved electronic devices."	Fake
Technology	Twitter removes anti-troll tools	"In a bold statement by Ed Ho, Twitter's vice-president of engineering, ""Twitter is no longer going to be censored because of a few bad apples!"". Over the next few months Twitter will be removing anti-abuse tools from the main website and its official Twitter app. Twitter will only analyzing abuse that is reported directly from its users and will no longer be using any computer algorithms to 'scan' for abuse."	Fake
Technology	A surprise new iPhone is here -- and it's red	"Apple (AAPL, Tech30) unveiled Tuesday a special red version of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.  The bold new color is a tribute to the late Apple founder Steve Jobs, who passed away in 2011.  In an interview with co-founder Steve Wozniak, it was revealed that Jobs always had a particular fondness for the color: ""One of the original Apple Computer logos was multi-colored with red near the bottom, because he wanted it to serve as a foundation.  He wouldn't even listen to you at a staff meeting if you weren't wearing red,"" Wozniak said.  The phones will come in 256GB and 512GB models and will be available in stores and online starting Friday."	Fake
Technology	Super Mario Run makes leap to Android	The wildly popular Super Mario Run smartphone game is now available for play on Android devices, Nintendo said Wednesday.	Legit
Technology	AT&T posts big news ads YouTube and Google sites	"AT&T wants to begin a campaign and announce to the world that they are going out of business. The company has decided to honor the best they made with Verizon. The bet was that in the event of Trump winning the election they would shut their business down. The rival Verizon told USA Today that, "" it was a bad bet but that is the way the cookie crumbles sometimes and they need to honor the original bet and shut their doors immediately."""	Fake
Technology	Nintendo Switch game console to launch in March for $299	The Nintendo Switch video game console will sell for about $260 in Japan, starting March 3, the same date as its global rollout in the U.S. and Europe. The Japanese company promises the device will be packed with fun features of all its past machines and more. Nintendo is promising a more immersive, interactive experience with the Switch, including online playing and using the remote controller in games that don't require players to be constantly staring at a display.  	Legit
Technology	Samsung Galaxy Note 7 banned on all U.S. flights due to fire hazard	Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phones will be banned from all airline flights after nearly 100 incidents of the devices overheating and sometimes injuring owners, the Transportation Department announced Friday.	Legit
Technology	Amazon giving away free budget phones.	"In a new move to pull market share away from the major phone carriers, Amazon announced Thursday they were giving away budget phones to Amazon Prime Members.  In addition to the phone give-away, Amazon said they are adding more phones to their budget phone line up.  Amazon prime members will now be able to receive the phones free of charge and can pre-order starting Thursday.  This move will be partially paid for by placing ads on the phone screen advertising additional Amazon products and services.  "" Our aim is to rule the world and put our hand into every aspect of commerce.  Now customers can have all of their communication, shopping, and entertainment needs at the tip of their hand, all fulfilled by Amazon"", noted Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos."	Fake
Technology	Let there be light: German scientists test 'artificial sun'	"Scientists in Germany flipped the switch Thursday on what's being described as ""the world's largest artificial sun,"" a device they hope will help shed light on new ways of making climate-friendly fuels."	Legit
Technology	अधिकारियों का कहना है कि एयरलाइन के लैपटॉप की सीमा को कोई नया खतरा नहीं है	अमेरिका और ब्रिटिश अधिकारियों ने मंगलवार को कहा कि कुछ अंतरराष्ट्रीय उड़ानों के केबिन से लैपटॉप और टैबलेट को बार करने का निर्णय किसी विशेष खतरे पर नहीं बल्कि जेटलाइनरों को लक्षित करने वाले आतंकवादियों के बारे में लंबे समय से चिंताओं पर आधारित था।	Legit
Technology	अमेज़ॅन प्राइम एयर ड्रोन ने अपनी पहली अमेरिकी सार्वजनिक डिलीवरी पूरी की	अमेज़न प्राइम एयर ने गुरुवार को कहा कि उसने इस सप्ताह अमेरिका में अपना पहला पैकेज सार्वजनिक रूप से भेज दिया, जिससे डिलीवरी ड्रोन के साथ आसमान को भरने के अपने लक्ष्य की ओर एक और छोटा कदम बढ़ा।	Legit
Technology	याहू 500M खातों से डेटा उल्लंघन से इनकार करता है	"जबकि कई समाचार आउटलेट याहू नेटवर्क से 500 मिलियन उपयोगकर्ता खातों की राज्य-प्रायोजित चोरी की रिपोर्ट कर रहे हैं, याहू ने उल्लंघन से इनकार किया है। एक याहू के प्रवक्ता ने कहा, ""हम अपने मीडिया भागीदारों को उनकी आविष्कारशील और विशाल कल्पनाओं के लिए सराहना करते हैं,"" लेकिन सभी उपयोगकर्ता खाते सुरक्षित हैं क्योंकि कोई उल्लंघन नहीं हुआ है। "" चोरी की गई जानकारी में नाम, ई-मेल पते, जन्म तिथि, टेलीफोन नंबर और पासवर्ड की जानकारी शामिल है। याहू के बयान के बावजूद, कई विशेषज्ञ सलाह देते हैं कि याहू खातों वाले इंटरनेट उपयोगकर्ता अपने पासवर्ड रीसेट करते हैं और दो-कारक प्रमाणीकरण को तुरंत सक्षम करते हैं।"	Fake
Technology	नेटफ्लिक्स एक 'स्किप इंट्रो' बटन का परीक्षण कर रहा है, और दर्शक इसे पसंद करते हैं	"""ऑरेंज इज द न्यू ब्लैक।"" नेटफ्लिक्स ने शुक्रवार को CNNMoney को बताया कि कुछ नेटफ्लिक्स सदस्यों ने हाल ही में स्ट्रीमिंग के दौरान एक ""स्किप इंट्रो"" बटन देखना शुरू किया, लेकिन यह पहली बार आने पर नहीं कहेंगे।"	Legit
Technology	ATT YouTube, अन्य Google साइटों के विज्ञापन खींचता है	"ATT असहिष्णुता और नफ़रत को बढ़ावा देने वाले वीडियो के आगे अपना नाम नहीं दिखाना चाहता है। परिणामस्वरूप, वाहक ने बुधवार को कहा कि यह YouTube और अन्य Google के ""गैर-खोज प्लेटफार्मों"" से विज्ञापन खींच रहा है।"	Legit
Technology	फेसबुक मैसेंजर इमोजी को खत्म कर रहा है	फेसबुक ने घोषणा की है कि इमोजी की सफलता के कारण और वे कैसे व्यापक रूप से मान्यता प्राप्त हो गए हैं, फेसबुक ने सभी इमोजी को हटाने का साहसिक कदम उठाने का विकल्प चुना है। फेसबुक का कहना है कि जनता की प्रतिक्रिया का पूरा समर्थन रहा है क्योंकि इमोजी चेहरों ने मौखिक और लिखित भावनात्मक संचार का स्थान ले लिया है। दुख या खुशी व्यक्त करने की कमी मनुष्य को एक कैटैटोनिक रोबोट जैसी स्थिति में बदल रही है और फेसबुक अपने उपयोगकर्ताओं की परवाह करता है और लोगों को इमोजी की बैसाखी के बिना खुद को फिर से व्यक्त करने में मदद करना शुरू करना चाहता है।	Fake
Technology	Google उपयोगकर्ताओं को मैपिंग ऐप में अपने स्थान साझा करने की अनुमति देता है	अल्फाबेट इंक के Google ने बुधवार को घोषणा की कि वह उपयोगकर्ताओं को अपने स्थानों को साझा करने की अनुमति देने के लिए अपने लोकप्रिय मैप्स ऐप को संशोधित करेगा, ताकि खोज की विशालता के लिए रणनीतिक महत्व के उत्पाद पर सगाई को बढ़ावा दिया जा सके।	Legit
Technology	जेल में लोगों की मदद करने के लिए मशीन लर्निंग नए तरीके खोलता है	लाखों लोगों को टेलीविजन और अन्य मीडिया प्रारूपों का आनंद लेने में मदद करने के लिए सीसी नियम प्रौद्योगिकी का उपयोग करते हैं। Google की मशीन-लर्निंग तकनीक के लिए धन्यवाद, कैदी इन तकनीकों का उपयोग करने में सक्षम होंगे .. YouTube ने भाषण-से-पाठ सॉफ़्टवेयर का उपयोग किया है जो पूरे देश में कई जेलों में उपयोग किया जाएगा। श्रवण बाधित कैदी सीसी प्रौद्योगिकियों को लागू करने के बारे में सुनकर उत्साहित हैं, लेकिन कई करदाता इस विचार के खिलाफ हैं।	Fake
Technology	Amazon के पास आपको बेचने के लिए अधिक बजट फोन हैं	मुट्ठी भर बजट फोन लें। उनकी कीमत में और भी ज्यादा कटौती करें। वोइला - आपको अमेज़न पर एक और हिट मिला है।	Legit
Technology	ऐप स्टोर छोड़ने के लिए सुपर मारियो रन	एक बार लोकप्रिय सुपर मारियो रन को शुक्रवार को Google Play और ऐप्पल ऐप स्टोर से बाहर ले जाया जाएगा। निन्टेंडो का कहना है कि इसके रिलीज के कुछ समय बाद ही जनता ने गेम डाउनलोड करना बंद कर दिया था जब मौजूदा खिलाड़ियों ने यह शब्द फैला दिया था कि पूरे गेम को खेलने के लिए आपको ऐप की खरीदारी करनी थी। निन्टेंडो और मारियो प्रशंसकों को यह याद दिलाया जाता है कि निन्टेंडो मुफ्त में एक गेम जारी करेगा और फिर इसे खेलने के लिए चार्ज करेगा। निंटेंडो का कहना है कि वे खेल को वापस ड्राइंग बोर्ड में ले जाएंगे, और कोशिश करेंगे और बाद में एक मुफ्त संस्करण जारी करेंगे।	Fake
Technology	याहू 500M खातों से बड़े पैमाने पर डेटा का खुलासा करता है	"लोकप्रिय वेब पोर्टल याहू ने आज कहा कि उसका मानना है कि ""राज्य प्रायोजित अभिनेता"" ने 2014 के अंत में अपने नेटवर्क से कुछ 500 मिलियन उपयोगकर्ता खातों से संबंधित जानकारी चुरा ली।"	Legit
Technology	दाहिने हाथ के उपयोगकर्ताओं के लिए प्रतिबंध	अमेरिकी सरकार यात्रियों को अस्थायी रूप से उन उड़ानों पर प्रतिबंध लगा रही है जो अगले 2 सप्ताह तक चलती हैं। सरकार अस्सी के दशक से वामपंथियों को जल्द से जल्द यात्रियों को एक गेंद फेंककर निर्धारित करेगी। त्वरित पलटा आवश्यक होने के कारण ई व्यक्ति के प्रमुख हाथ को दिखाया और प्रकट किया जाएगा। इस प्रतिबंध का कारण तुरंत स्पष्ट नहीं है और अधिकारी इस पर टिप्पणी नहीं करेंगे। एक दूसरे अधिकारी ने कहा कि केवल एक अस्थायी असुविधा होगी और आशा है कि सभी शामिल रोगी होंगे।	Fake
Technology	नेटफ्लिक्स विज्ञापनों का परीक्षण कर रहा है, और दर्शक इससे नफरत कर रहे हैं	"अधिक राजस्व उत्पन्न करने और मासिक मूल्य कम रखने के लिए, नेटफ्लिक्स अपनी धाराओं में विज्ञापनों को जोड़ने के लिए प्रयोग कर रहा है। नेटफ्लिक्स की प्रवक्ता स्मिता सरन ने कहा कि यह फीचर एबी परीक्षणों के ""सैकड़ों"" में से एक है जो कंपनी हर साल नई सुविधाओं के लिए प्रयास करती है। ""यदि हम इस मार्ग पर जाते हैं, तो हम एक 'स्किप कमर्शियल' बटन को लागू करने की योजना बनाते हैं, जो सक्षम होगा यदि कोई उपयोगकर्ता अतिरिक्त 3 'एड-स्किपिंग शुल्क' का भुगतान करता है। जबकि हम समझते हैं कि हमारे कई दर्शक नेटफ्लिक्स को अभाव के कारण पसंद करते हैं। विज्ञापनों के अनुसार, हमें लगता है कि सामग्री की बढ़ती लागत को दूर करने के लिए यह एक अच्छा विकल्प है।"	Fake
Technology	यह आधिकारिक बर्ट और सेरेम स्ट्रीट की एर्नी शादीशुदा हैं। सुंदर समारोह में उनके कई प्रशंसकों ने भाग लिया था और इसे रिकॉर्ड किया गया था और इसे उन लोगों के लिए ऑनलाइन साझा किया जाना था जो भाग नहीं ले सकते थे। YouTube ने बच्चों के लिए इसे देखने के लिए अनुपयुक्त समझा है, हालांकि यह ऐसे बच्चे हैं जिन्होंने टीवी पर होने के कई वर्षों के दौरान बर्ट और एर्नी से प्यार और स्वीकृति के इन महान उदाहरणों को देखा है। हम सभी उन्हें एक साथ सबसे अच्छे और लंबे खुशहाल जीवन की कामना करते हैं। हम अपने सभी दोस्तों के लिए समान चाहते हैं।	लिवरपूल क्लब को इंग्लैंड में मर्सीसाइड डर्बी के लिए फिलिप कॉटिन्हो और रॉबर्टो फर्मिनो को ब्राजील से बाहर निकालने के लिए एक निजी जेट किराए पर लेना पड़ा। यह जोड़ी स्पष्ट रूप से दक्षिण अमेरिका में किसी प्रकार के हमले में शामिल थी, और अगर ब्राजील में उनके क्लब ने उन्हें देश से बाहर निकालने के लिए कदम नहीं उठाया था, तो उन्हें हिरासत में लिया जा सकता है। फेनवे स्पोर्टिंग ग्रुप, लिवरपूल के उच्च-स्वामित्व वाले मालिक ने, गुप्त रूप से उस उड़ान की व्यवस्था की है जो उसके लड़कों को मुसीबत से और शहर से बाहर, तेजी से बाहर निकालती है। यहाँ जोड़ी को खेल के मैदान पर कड़ी मेहनत करने की इच्छा है	Fake
Technology	कांग्रेस ने आपसे निजता छीनने की योजना बनाई	रिपब्लिकन ने हमेशा सोचा है कि लोगों को बहुत गोपनीयता बरतनी चाहिए थी। गोपनीयता ही उन्हें देश पर अधिकार करने से रोकती है। Verizon, comcast और ATT अब कांग्रेस के मालिक हैं और गुप्त भागीदार हैं। दूरसंचार कंपनियों के पास अब कांग्रेस है और अगर उन्हें आप के बारे में जानकारी मिलती है तो वे आपको मृत्यु शिविरों में डाल सकते हैं। ओबामा प्रशासन के युग में यह संभव नहीं था, लेकिन अब यह गणतंत्र सरकार को नियंत्रित करता है। इस कार्रवाई में डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प द्वारा सुधार किया गया है।	Fake
Technology		टोयोटा कारों के लिए आवाज मान्यता लाने के लिए Microsoft के साथ मिलकर काम करती है	Legit
Technology	कैलिफोर्निया के मोटर वाहन विभाग ने स्वचालित कारों पर नकेल कस दी।	"हाल ही में स्वचालित दुर्घटनाओं में वृद्धि के बाद कैलिफोर्निया DMV स्वचालित चालक कारों के उपयोगकर्ताओं के लिए नए शुल्क और सेवा शुल्क जोड़ रहा है। इन आरोपों का उद्देश्य स्वचालित वाहन दुर्घटनाग्रस्त पीड़ितों के परिवारों की मदद करना और स्वचालित चोट के मामलों से मुकदमेबाजी के कारण राज्य द्वारा की गई कानूनी फीस का वित्तपोषण करना है। व्यक्तिगत जवाबदेही की कमी के कारण स्थानीय सांसदों के लिए भ्रम की स्थिति पैदा हो गई है, जब यह भयावह सवाल है, ""हम किस पर मुकदमा करते हैं?"""	Fake
Technology	नासा ने मंगल पर तरल पानी पाया	"मंगल ग्रह पर तरल पानी की खोज हो सकती है। मार्स ग्लोबल सर्वेयर अंतरिक्ष यान के प्रमुख जांचकर्ता माइकल मालिन ने कहा कि उन्हें हाल की छवियों के आधार पर तरल पानी के छोटे पूल मिले हैं। ""यह नासा के लिए एक अविश्वसनीय छलांग है। हम आखिरकार दूसरे ग्रह पर जीवन की पवित्र कब्र पा सकते हैं।"" मालिन और उनके सहयोगी केन एडजेट नासा डॉट कॉम पर एक आधिकारिक बयान लाइव कर रहे हैं, जब सभी सूचनाओं की समीक्षा और अनुमोदन हो जाएगा। एडजेट ने टिप्पणी की, ""यह साबित कर सकता है कि हमारे सौर मंडल में कहीं और जीवन संभव है।"" हमारे कर्मचारी इस स्मारकीय खोज की संभावना के बारे में बहुत उत्साहित हैं और यह उपलब्ध होते ही अधिक जानकारी प्रकाशित करेगा।"	Fake
Technology	_Impossible फूड्स प्रयोगशाला में विकसित बर्गर के उत्पादन को प्रभावित करने के लिए	अपने दांतों को इम्पॉसिबल फूड्स के प्रयोगशाला में उगने वाले मांस रहित हैमबर्गर में से एक में डुबोना आसान नहीं है। आखिरकार, आप उन्हें केवल आठ अमेरिकी रेस्तरां में प्राप्त कर सकते हैं।	Legit
Technology	YouTube Gaffe, ATT, Verizon के बाद Google अपने अधिकांश विज्ञापन खींच सकता है	उनके विज्ञापन YouTube पर चरमपंथी सामग्री के बगल में आने के बाद, दूरसंचार कंपनियों ATT और Verizon ने कहा कि वे अपने विज्ञापनों को वीडियो साइट से खींचने जा रहे हैं। लेकिन नतीजा सिर्फ यूट्यूब से आगे बढ़ सकता है।	Legit
Technology	YouTube AI के साथ ध्वनि प्रभाव कैप्शन को स्वचालित करता है	"YouTube ने अपने अरबों वीडियो को बहरे और सुनने में कठिन बनाने के प्रयास में आठ वर्षों के लिए स्वचालित रूप से कैप्शन भाषण का उपयोग किया है। हालांकि, यह सुविधा पहली बार में काफी कठिन थी, लेकिन समय-समय पर इसमें सुधार हुआ, जिससे ""मानव प्रतिलेखन त्रुटि दर के करीब और करीब"" हो गया, Google ने अपने डेवलपर्स ब्लॉग में कहा। चूंकि भाषण ऑडियो चित्र का सिर्फ एक हिस्सा है, हालांकि, YouTube ने पहली बार स्वचालित ध्वनि प्रभाव कैप्शनिंग लॉन्च किया है।"	Legit
Technology	फोन डिवाइस 98% सटीकता, अध्ययन शो के साथ पुरुष प्रजनन क्षमता का परीक्षण करता है	एक नया स्मार्टफोन लगाव एक आदमी के वीर्य का मूल्यांकन कर सकता है और 98% सटीकता के साथ उसकी प्रजनन क्षमता का स्तर निर्धारित कर सकता है, एक नया अध्ययन दिखाया गया है।	Legit
Technology	इंस्टाग्राम फ्यूचरिस्टिक प्रमाणीकरण, चेहरे की पहचान और स्पर्श डीएनए को जोड़ता है	इंस्टाग्राम ने कुछ फ्यूचरिस्टिक फीचर्स को शामिल किया है जिससे हैकर्स अकाउंट को एक्सेस करने में सक्षम हो सकें। अब प्रत्येक उपयोगकर्ता किसी पुराने या मौजूदा खाते तक पहुंच को पुनः प्राप्त करने के लिए एक नया खाता खोलने के लिए पासपोर्ट फोटो के साथ इंस्टाग्राम पर डीएनए जमा करता है। Twitter, Facebook और Google निकट भविष्य में समान सुरक्षा प्रोटोकॉल जोड़ेंगे।	Fake
Technology	नई इंटेलिजेंस से पता चलता है कि आईएसआईएस लैपटॉप बैटरियों को धमाके से उड़ा देता है	"मंगलवार को, यूएस और ब्रिटिश खुफिया ने खुफिया जानकारी का हवाला दिया कि आईएसआईएस रंगरूटों को विस्फोटक ट्रिगर के रूप में उपकरणों की बैटरी का उपयोग करते हुए विस्फोटक उपकरणों में लैपटॉप कंप्यूटर और टैबलेट को रिग करने के लिए प्रशिक्षित किया गया है। नया विस्फोटक प्रमुख हवाई अड्डों पर सुरक्षा सावधानी बरतने के लिए अवांछनीय है। खुफिया इंगित करता है कि विस्फोटक उपकरणों को उड़ान में मैन्युअल रूप से सक्रिय किया जाना चाहिए। हवाई यात्रियों के लिए इस खतरे का हवाला देते हुए, अमेरिका और ब्रिटिश अधिकारियों ने मंगलवार को सभी देशों से उड़ानों पर सामान ले जाने से लेकर लैपटॉप और टैबलेट जैसे इलेक्ट्रॉनिक उपकरणों पर प्रतिबंध लगाने की घोषणा की। राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प ने कहा, ""प्रतिबंध तब तक रहेगा जब तक हम सामान का सही तरीके से पता नहीं लगा लेते।"""	Fake
Technology	अमेजन का एलेक्सा प्राइम नाउ को अपनी वॉयस शॉपिंग से जोड़ता है	टॉयलेट पेपर से बाहर भागना फिर कभी नहीं होगा।	Legit
Technology	वेल्स फ़ार्गो ने आपके पैसे पर नियंत्रण पाने की कोशिश की - वेल्स फ़ार्गो ने उपभोक्ता के खर्च को नियंत्रित करने के लिए इसे खेलने की साजिश में शामिल करना शुरू कर दिया है। सोमवार को, भौतिक मुद्रा का उपयोग करने वाले लोगों की मात्रा को कम करने के उद्देश्य से एक कार्यक्रम शुरू किया गया। यह मजबूर करके कि ग्राहक केवल डिजिटल मुद्रा का उपयोग करें बैंक को उम्मीद है कि पैसा कब और कहां खर्च किया जा सकता है। पारंपरिक भौतिक मुद्रा के विपरीत, लेनदेन को डिजिटल रूप से धन रखने वाले बैंक से प्राधिकरण की आवश्यकता होती है। इस प्रकार आपके पैसे खर्च किए जा सकते हैं या नहीं और बैंक का क्या फैसला होता है। लेकिन यह केवल वेल्स फारगो इस दिशा में आगे नहीं बढ़ रहा है। अमेरिकी सरकार लंबे समय से इस दिशा में कदम बढ़ा रही है। ऐसा करने से, सरकार को आबादी का अधिक लाभ उठाने की उम्मीद है। यह कोई रहस्य नहीं है कि पुलिस विभाग बिना किसी प्रकार की प्रक्रिया के बैंक खातों और धन को जब्त कर रहे हैं। लेकिन अगर सभी मुद्रा को डिजिटल कर दिया गया, तो सरकार न केवल आपके पास हर बार जब्त करने में सक्षम होगी, बल्कि वे आपको किसी भी तरह से अधिक पैसा कमाने से रोक पाएंगे। सरकार अनिवार्य रूप से एक नागरिक पर सभी को व्यापार में भाग लेने से रोककर मनमाने ढंग से मौत की सजा देने की क्षमता हासिल करेगी। वेल्स फ़ार्गो इससे लाभ पाने के लिए खड़ा है क्योंकि यदि सभी पैसे डिजिटल हैं, तो सभी पैसे बैंक से संबंधित होने चाहिए। यह एक अधिक सत्तावादी अमेरिकी की ओर पहला कदम है।	लाखों लोगों को टेलीविजन और अन्य मीडिया प्रारूपों का आनंद लेने में मदद करने के लिए सीसी नियम प्रौद्योगिकी का उपयोग करते हैं। Google की मशीन-लर्निंग तकनीक के लिए धन्यवाद, कैदी इन तकनीकों का उपयोग करने में सक्षम होंगे .. YouTube ने भाषण-से-पाठ सॉफ़्टवेयर का उपयोग किया है जो पूरे देश में कई जेलों में उपयोग किया जाएगा। श्रवण बाधित कैदी सीसी प्रौद्योगिकियों को लागू करने के बारे में सुनकर उत्साहित हैं, लेकिन कई करदाता इस विचार के खिलाफ हैं।	Fake
Technology	वेल्स फ़ार्गो ने डिजिटल पुश में पूरे अमेरिका में कार्डलेस एटीएम की शुरुआत की	सोमवार से शुरू, वेल्स फ़ार्गो सह जमाकर्ता किसी भी ब्रांडेड एटीएम में स्मार्टफोन का उपयोग करके पैसे निकाल सकते हैं, अमेरिकी ऋणदाताओं का नवीनतम संकेत पारंपरिक ईंट-और-मोर्टार बैंकिंग से दूर जा रहा है।	Legit
Technology	ध्वनि प्रभाव कैप्शन पर YouTube की शून्य प्रतिशत त्रुटि दर	15 वर्षों से, YouTube ने श्रवण बाधित के लिए ऑटो-कैप्शन भाषण के लिए एल्गोरिदम का उपयोग किया है। Google डेवलपर्स के अनुसार, कैप्शनिंग शुरू से सुचारू रूप से चला है, और हमेशा शून्य प्रतिशत त्रुटि दर रही है। Youtube ने कई वर्षों तक, ध्वनि प्रभाव कैप्शनिंग भी प्रदान किया है। यह एक YouTube वीडियो पर तालियां, संगीत, हँसी, गुनगुना, छींकने और किसी भी अन्य ध्वनि जैसी आवाज़ों को बाहर निकाल सकता है।	Fake
Technology	नासा परीक्षण भविष्य के मंगल मिशन के लिए रॉकेट इंजन का परीक्षण करता है	नासा ने रॉकेट के उस हिस्से का परीक्षण किया जो संभवतः 23 मार्च को मिसिसिपी के स्टेनिस स्पेस सेंटर में मनुष्यों को ले जाएगा। इंजन भविष्य के गहरे अंतरिक्ष मिशनों पर एजेंसी के नए स्पेस लॉन्च सिस्टम (एसएलएस) रॉकेट को बिजली देगा।	Legit
Technology	Google मैप्स आपके दोस्तों को वास्तव में बता सकते हैं कि आप कहां हैं	यदि आपने कभी सेंट्रल पार्क या गोल्डन गेट पार्क जैसे बड़े विस्तार में दोस्तों के साथ मिलने की कोशिश की है, तो आप जानते हैं कि यह सटीक जगह खोजने के लिए एक दर्द हो सकता है जहां वे बाहर लटक रहे हैं।	Legit
Technology	ओबामा एरा से इंटरनेट गोपनीयता नियमों को तोड़ने के लिए कांग्रेस की चाल	वॉशिंगटन - ओबामा प्रशासन के दौरान बनाए गए दूरसंचार और प्रौद्योगिकी नियमों के खिलाफ पहली निर्णायक हड़ताल में उपभोक्ताओं के लिए रिपब्लिकन सीनेटरों ने ऐतिहासिक इंटरनेट गोपनीयता सुरक्षा को खत्म करने के लिए गुरुवार को स्थानांतरित कर दिया, और आगे की डेरेग्यूलेशन का एक अग्रदूत।	Legit
Technology	दुनिया में सबसे पुराना वेस्पा कार क्रैश में शामिल था	"आपको याद हो सकता है कि क्लासिक वेस्पा कार जैसे कि रोम में चारों ओर एक ऑड्रे हेपबर्न चला गया हो। शनिवार को सबसे पुराना शेष वेस्पा, जो कलेक्टर जॉन ग्रिम्स के हाथों में था, एक दुर्घटना में शामिल था, जबकि मालिक कार का रखरखाव रन बना रहा था। । हां, क्लासिक कार को इन सभी वर्षों में चलने वाली परिस्थितियों में बनाए रखा गया है। सीरियल नंबर 1003 के साथ पियाजियो की ""ओ सीरीज़"" के स्कूटर को एक प्रकार का मोटर चालक ने टक्कर मार दी थी, जिससे क्लासिक कार के लंबे जीवन का अंत हो गया।"	Fake
Technology	नेपाल के नागरिकों में जीपीएस ट्रैकर लगाए जाएंगे	नेपाल माउंट एवरेस्ट क्षेत्र के आसपास रहने वाले सभी नागरिकों के दाहिने हाथ में जीपीएस ट्रैकर्स का आरोपण करेगा। एक अधिकारी ने सोमवार सुबह कहा कि एवरेस्ट पर चढ़ने वाले पर्यटकों की लोकप्रियता के साथ, यह चिंतित है कि स्थानीय लोग इन पर्यटकों का अपहरण या लूटने का प्रयास करेंगे। यह न केवल पर्यटकों की सुरक्षा के लिए बल्कि स्वयं नागरिकों की सुरक्षा के लिए नागरिकों पर नज़र रखने के प्रयास में पहला कदम है। वे अगले 2 वर्षों में इस नई नीति को लागू करेंगे और जो भी गिरावट आएगी उसे देश छोड़ने के लिए कहा जाएगा।	Fake
Technology	क्रैश के तीन दिन बाद उबर सेल्फ ड्राइविंग कार टेस्ट शुरू	उबर टेक्नोलॉजीज इंक की सेल्फ-ड्राइविंग कारें सोमवार को सार्वजनिक सड़कों पर वापस आ गईं, एरिजोना में एक दुर्घटना के तीन दिन बाद कंपनी के परीक्षण कार्यक्रम को रोक दिया गया।	Legit
Technology	दुनिया के 'गो' चैंपियन पर एक Google कंप्यूटर विजयी हुआ	दुनिया के सबसे जटिल बोर्ड गेम के लंबे समय तक राज करने वाले वैश्विक चैंपियन ली से-डोल पर शनिवार को एक Google कंप्यूटर ने अपनी लगातार तीसरी जीत दर्ज की। यह जीत मशीन को पांच सर्वश्रेष्ठ श्रृंखलाओं में स्पष्ट विजेता बनाती है।	Legit
Technology	सौर ऊर्जा से संचालित 'त्वचा' प्रोस्थेटिक्स को और अधिक वास्तविक बना सकती है	बहुत से लोग धूप से बाहर रहने की कोशिश करते हैं। लेकिन अगर एक नए प्रकार की सौर ऊर्जा चालित इलेक्ट्रॉनिक त्वचा प्रोस्थेटिक्स पर अपना रास्ता बनाती है, तो पहनने वाले निश्चित रूप से उन किरणों को अपने अंगों पर चमकाना चाहेंगे।	Legit
Technology	नासा ने मंगल ग्रह पर पानी ढूंढा	एक गंभीर खोज में, नासा के खगोलविदों ने आज घोषणा की कि उन्हें इस बात के पुख्ता सबूत मिले हैं कि मंगल की सतह पर पानी बहता है। खोज से यह अधिक संभावना है कि जीवन अस्तित्व में हो सकता है या ग्रह पर मौजूद हो सकता है।	Legit
Technology	फॉसिल कॉनस स्मार्टवॉच ट्रेंड खत्म हो गया है	"फॉसिल ग्रुप अपनी स्मार्टवॉच लाइन में हार मान रहा है। कंपनी ने पहले 300 से अधिक नए स्मार्टवॉच जारी किए, जिसने अपने खुदरा दुकानों में बिक्री की कमी पैदा की। इतने सारे विकल्पों के साथ, ग्राहकों ने अमेज़ॅन पर खरीदारी करने के बजाय कई ऐसे जीवाश्म स्थानों से बाहर चला गया जो एक गैर-स्मार्ट घड़ी के लिए खरीदारी करते हैं जो लागत के एक अंश पर अधिक सटीक रूप से समय रखता है। स्मार्टवॉच की इन नई लाइनों के खराब प्रदर्शन के बारे में पूछे जाने पर, फॉसिल के एक प्रवक्ता ने जवाब दिया, ""व्यापक बाजार अनुसंधान को पूरा करने पर, हमें यह पता चला है कि 2017 में 300 नई स्मार्टवॉच को जारी करना संभवत: 297 बहुत अधिक था।"" स्मार्टवॉच की खरीद में डीजल, एम्पोरियो अरमानी, फॉसिल, माइकल कोर्स और मिसफिट जैसे ब्रांड मंदी से प्रभावित थे। सभी घड़ियों ने नया Android Wear 2.0 ऑपरेटिंग सिस्टम चलाया, और एक स्नैपड्रैगन वेयर 2100 चिप द्वारा संचालित किया गया था। उच्च-रिज़ॉल्यूशन वाले फुल-एएमओएलईडी डिस्प्ले के साथ भी, ग्राहकों ने उपकरणों को रखने के लिए कम जटिल समय का विकल्प चुना।"	Fake
Technology	5 साल से कम उम्र के बच्चों को कहते हैं Apple	एप्पल एक दिन में एक सेब के लिए प्रतिबद्ध है डॉक्टर को दूर रखता है। कंपनी ने पांच साल से कम उम्र के हर अमेरिकी बच्चे को आधी कीमत पर आईफोन खरीदने के लिए प्रतिबद्ध किया है। कंपनी एक ऐप स्थापित करेगी जो बच्चों को अपने शिक्षक को सचेत करने की अनुमति देती है जब वे अच्छी तरह से महसूस नहीं कर रहे होते हैं या उन्हें बाथरूम का उपयोग करने की आवश्यकता होती है, यह ऐप उन्हें बिना हाथ उठाए शिक्षक से संपर्क करने की अनुमति देता है। जब आप पॉटी में जाना चाहते हैं, तो अपने आप पर ध्यान आकर्षित करने की शर्मिंदगी अतीत की बात है, और सेब इस तरह से आगे बढ़ रहा है। फ्यूचरसोर्स कंसल्टिंग, एक शोध कंपनी ने इस विचार का समर्थन किया है कि उसने पूरे अमेरिका में 35,000 iPhone और Apple MacOS ऑपरेटिंग सिस्टम पुराने साल के लिए दान करना चाहा है।	Fake
Technology	अमेज़न का एलेक्सा प्रीमेप्टिव शॉपिंग डेटा को यह जानने के लिए जोड़ता है कि आप क्या चाहते हैं	अमेज़ॅन पर व्यापक शोध और डेटा संग्रह के वर्षों के बाद, उनके एआई विभाग ने अब लाखों अमेरिकियों के मानकीकृत खरीदारी रुझानों का उपयोग करते हुए पूर्व मान्यता खरीदारी सॉफ्टवेयर विकसित किया है, अमेज़ॅन की नई सेवा आपकी आवश्यकताओं की भविष्यवाणी करेगी, और समय पर डिलीवरी खुद के ऑर्डर देने के pesky कार्य से बचने के लिए। उत्पादों। टॉयलेट टिशू से बाहर निकलना अतीत की समस्या होगी, बस यात्रा करने से पहले पैकेज की जांच अवश्य कर लें। अमेज़न के गृहनगर सिनसिनाटी में, ओहियो ड्रोन जल्द ही PAP (Precognitive Automated Purchase) की एक नई लहर में लुढ़क जाएंगे, न केवल उस समय की भविष्यवाणी करते हुए, जिसे आपको उत्पादों की आवश्यकता होगी, बल्कि उन्हें वितरित करने के लिए ड्रोन का भी उपयोग करना होगा।	Fake
Technology	मशीन लर्निंग विकलांग लोगों की मदद करने के नए तरीके खोलता है	सीसी नियमों के लिए टीवी स्टेशनों को बंद कैप्शन प्रदान करने की आवश्यकता होती है जो भाषण, ध्वनि प्रभाव, और दर्शकों की प्रतिक्रिया जैसे हंसी से बहरे और सुनने वालों की कड़ी मेहनत को व्यक्त करते हैं। YouTube उन नियमों के अधीन नहीं है, लेकिन Google की मशीन-लर्निंग तकनीक के लिए धन्यवाद, यह अब इसी तरह की सहायता प्रदान करता है।	Legit
Technology	सौर-शक्ति .... त्वचा?	"प्रौद्योगिकी में महान प्रगति के साथ एक नए प्रकार की सौर ऊर्जा संचालित त्वचा प्रोस्थेटिक्स की दुनिया में अपना रास्ता बना रही है। शोधकर्ता एक नई स्मार्ट त्वचा विकसित कर रहे हैं जो एम्बेडेड सेंसर के साथ ""महसूस"" कर सकता है। प्रोस्थेटिक्स के इस नए जोड़ के साथ तापमान अंतर, दबाव और यहां तक कि नमी महसूस करना संभव है। इस नई तकनीक का ""सौर"" हिस्सा तब आता है जब इसे बिजली देने की कोशिश की जाती है। ब्रिटेन में ग्लासगो विश्वविद्यालय के एक शोध दल ने इस सिंथेटिक त्वचा का एक संस्करण विकसित किया है जो सूर्य की शक्ति का उपयोग करता है। लेकिन यह वहाँ समाप्त नहीं होता है, वे एक ऐसा संस्करण विकसित कर रहे हैं जो अधिक मात्रा में बिजली का दोहन कर सकता है ताकि इसका उपयोग अन्य इलेक्ट्रॉनिक उपकरणों को करने के लिए किया जा सके। इस शोध के लिए धन्यवाद, न केवल प्रोस्थेटिक्स के पहनने वालों को इससे लाभ होगा, बल्कि हम सभी और हमारे प्यारे इलेक्ट्रॉनिक उपकरणों को भी इसका लाभ मिलेगा।"	Fake
Technology	ट्विटर एंटी-ट्रोल टूल्स को हटाता है	"एड हो के एक साहसिक बयान में, ट्विटर के इंजीनियरिंग के उपाध्यक्ष, ""ट्विटर अब कुछ ख़राब सेबों के कारण सेंसर नहीं होने जा रहा है""। अगले कुछ महीनों में ट्विटर मुख्य वेबसाइट और उसके आधिकारिक ट्विटर ऐप से एंटी-एब्यूज टूल हटा देगा। ट्विटर केवल उन दुर्व्यवहारों का विश्लेषण करेगा जो सीधे अपने उपयोगकर्ताओं से रिपोर्ट किए जाते हैं और अब दुरुपयोग के लिए किसी भी कंप्यूटर एल्गोरिदम का उपयोग नहीं करेंगे।"	Fake
Technology	एक आश्चर्य की बात नए iPhone यहाँ है - और यह लाल है	"Apple (AAPL, Tech30) ने मंगलवार को iPhone 7 और 7 Plus के विशेष लाल संस्करण का अनावरण किया। बोल्ड नया रंग स्वर्गीय एप्पल के संस्थापक स्टीव जॉब्स को श्रद्धांजलि है, जिनका 2011 में निधन हो गया था। सह-संस्थापक स्टीव वोज्नियाक के साथ एक साक्षात्कार में, यह पता चला कि जॉब्स को हमेशा रंग के लिए एक विशेष शौक था: ""मूल में से एक वोजनियाक ने कहा, एपल कंप्यूटर लोगो नीचे के पास लाल रंग के साथ बहुरंगी था, क्योंकि वह चाहता था कि वह एक नींव के रूप में काम करे। वह भी आपकी बात नहीं सुनेंगे, अगर आप लाल नहीं पहने होते तो। फोन 256GB और 512GB मॉडल में आएंगे और यह शुक्रवार से स्टोर और ऑनलाइन में उपलब्ध होंगे।"	Fake
Technology	सुपर मारियो रन Android के लिए छलांग बनाता है	निंटेंडो ने कहा कि सुपर मारियो रन स्मार्टफोन गेम अब एंड्रॉइड डिवाइस पर खेलने के लिए उपलब्ध है।	Legit
Technology	एटीटी बड़ी खबरें YouTube और Google साइटों पर पोस्ट करता है	"एटीटी एक अभियान शुरू करना चाहता है और दुनिया को यह घोषणा करना चाहता है कि वे व्यापार से बाहर जा रहे हैं। कंपनी ने वेरीजन के साथ किए गए सर्वश्रेष्ठ को सम्मानित करने का फैसला किया है। शर्त यह थी कि ट्रम्प के चुनाव जीतने की स्थिति में वे अपना व्यवसाय बंद कर देंगे। प्रतिद्वंद्वी वेरिज़ोन ने यूएसए टुडे को बताया कि, ""यह एक बुरा दांव था, लेकिन कभी-कभी कुकी टूट जाती है और उन्हें मूल शर्त का सम्मान करने और तुरंत अपने दरवाजे बंद करने की आवश्यकता होती है।"""	Fake
Technology	Nintendo स्विच गेम कंसोल को मार्च में 299 के लिए लॉन्च किया जाएगा	निनटेंडो स्विच वीडियो गेम कंसोल जापान में 260 के लिए बेच देगा, 3 मार्च से शुरू होगा, अमेरिका और यूरोप में इसके वैश्विक रोलआउट के रूप में एक ही तारीख। जापानी कंपनी ने वादा किया है कि यह डिवाइस अपने सभी पुराने मशीनों और अधिक सुविधाओं से भरा होगा। निनटेंडो स्विच के साथ एक अधिक immersive, इंटरैक्टिव अनुभव का वादा कर रहा है, जिसमें ऑनलाइन गेम खेलना और गेम में रिमोट कंट्रोलर का उपयोग करना शामिल है जिसमें खिलाड़ियों को लगातार एक प्रदर्शन में घूरने की आवश्यकता नहीं होती है।	Legit
Technology	सैमसंग गैलेक्सी नोट 7 सभी अमेरिकी उड़ानों पर आग के खतरे के कारण प्रतिबंधित है	परिवहन विभाग ने शुक्रवार को घोषणा की कि लगभग 100 उपकरणों की ओवरहीटिंग और कभी-कभी मालिकों को घायल करने के बाद सैमसंग गैलेक्सी नोट 7 फोन को सभी एयरलाइन उड़ानों से प्रतिबंधित कर दिया जाएगा।	Legit
Technology	फ्री बजट फोन दे रहा अमेजन	"प्रमुख फोन वाहकों से बाजार हिस्सेदारी को खींचने के लिए एक नए कदम में, अमेज़ॅन ने गुरुवार को घोषणा की कि वे अमेज़ॅन प्राइम सदस्यों को बजट फोन दे रहे हैं। फोन देने के अलावा, अमेज़न ने कहा कि वे अपने बजट फोन लाइन अप में अधिक फोन जोड़ रहे हैं। अमेज़न प्राइम मेंबर्स अब मुफ्त में फोन प्राप्त कर सकेंगे और गुरुवार से प्री-ऑर्डर कर सकते हैं। यह कदम आंशिक रूप से अतिरिक्त अमेज़न उत्पादों और सेवाओं के फ़ोन स्क्रीन विज्ञापन पर विज्ञापन रखकर भुगतान किया जाएगा। अमेज़न के सीईओ जेफ बेजोस ने कहा, ""हमारा उद्देश्य दुनिया पर शासन करना है और अपना हाथ वाणिज्य के हर पहलू में लगाना है। अब ग्राहक अपने सभी संचार, खरीदारी और मनोरंजन की जरूरत को अपने हाथ की नोक पर रख सकते हैं।"" ।"	Fake
Technology	चलो प्रकाश हो: जर्मन वैज्ञानिकों ने 'कृत्रिम सूरज' का परीक्षण किया	"जर्मनी में वैज्ञानिकों ने गुरुवार को स्विच को ""विश्व का सबसे बड़ा कृत्रिम सूरज"" कहा जा रहा है, एक उपकरण को फ्लिप किया, जो उन्हें उम्मीद है कि जलवायु के अनुकूल ईंधन बनाने के नए तरीकों पर प्रकाश डालने में मदद करेगा।"	Legit
Technology	Tidak ada ancaman baru yang menyebabkan batas laptop penerbangan, kata para pejabat	Para pejabat AS dan Inggris mengatakan pada hari Selasa bahwa keputusan untuk melarang laptop dan tablet dari kabin beberapa penerbangan internasional tidak didasarkan pada ancaman spesifik tetapi pada kekhawatiran lama tentang para teroris yang menargetkan pesawat-pesawat jet.	Legit
Technology	Amazon Prime Air drone menyelesaikan pengiriman publik AS pertamanya	Amazon Prime Air mengatakan hari Kamis bahwa mereka mengirim paket pertamanya ke publik di AS minggu ini, menandai langkah kecil lain menuju tujuannya untuk mengisi langit dengan drone pengiriman.	Legit
Technology	Yahoo Menyangkal Pelanggaran Data dari 500 juta Akun	"Sementara banyak outlet berita melaporkan pencurian yang disponsori negara atas 500 juta akun pengguna dari jaringan Yahoo, Yahoo membantah telah terjadi pelanggaran. ""Kami memuji mitra media kami atas daya cipta dan imajinasi mereka yang luas,"" kata juru bicara Yahoo, ""tetapi semua akun pengguna aman karena tidak ada pelanggaran yang terjadi."" Informasi yang dicuri dilaporkan mencakup nama, alamat E-Mail, tanggal lahir, nomor telepon, dan informasi kata sandi. Terlepas dari pernyataan Yahoo, banyak ahli menyarankan agar pengguna internet dengan akun Yahoo mereset kata sandi mereka dan segera mengaktifkan otentikasi dua faktor."	Fake
Technology	Netflix sedang menguji tombol 'Lewati Intro', dan pemirsa menyukainya	"Tidak ada lagi menonton lagu intro yang sama selama satu menit dan pujian sebelum setiap episode ""Orange adalah Hitam Baru."" Netflix mengatakan kepada CNNMoney Jumat bahwa beberapa anggota Netflix baru-baru ini mulai melihat tombol ""Lewati Intro"" saat streaming, tetapi tidak akan mengatakan kapan pertama kali muncul."	Legit
Technology	ATT menarik iklan dari YouTube, situs Google lainnya	"ATT tidak ingin namanya muncul di sebelah video yang mempromosikan intoleransi dan kebencian. Akibatnya, operator pada hari Rabu mengatakan itu menarik iklan dari YouTube dan ""platform non-pencarian"" Google lainnya."	Legit
Technology	Facebook Messenger menghilangkan Emoji	Facebook telah mengumumkan bahwa karena keberhasilan emoji dan seberapa luas mereka dikenal, Facebook telah memilih untuk mengambil langkah berani menghapus semua emoji. Facebook mengatakan bahwa reaksi dari publik telah mendapat dukungan penuh karena wajah emoji telah menggantikan komunikasi emosional verbal dan tertulis. Kurangnya mengungkapkan kesedihan atau kebahagiaan mengubah manusia menjadi negara seperti robot katatonik dan Facebook peduli dengan penggunanya dan ingin mulai membantu orang mengekspresikan diri mereka lagi tanpa kruk emoji.	Fake
Technology	Google memungkinkan pengguna untuk berbagi lokasi mereka di aplikasi pemetaan	Google Alphabet Inc mengumumkan pada hari Rabu bahwa mereka akan mengubah aplikasi peta yang populer untuk memungkinkan pengguna untuk berbagi lokasi mereka, untuk meningkatkan keterlibatan pada produk yang semakin penting secara strategis bagi raksasa pencarian.	Legit
Technology	Pembelajaran Mesin Membuka Cara Baru untuk Membantu Orang di Penjara	Aturan CC memanfaatkan teknologi untuk membantu jutaan orang menikmati televisi dan format media lainnya. Berkat teknologi pembelajaran mesin Google, para tahanan akan dapat memanfaatkan teknologi ini .. YouTube telah menggunakan perangkat lunak pidato-ke-teks yang akan digunakan di beberapa penjara di seluruh negeri. Tahanan yang terganggu narapidana senang mendengar tentang teknologi CC yang diterapkan, tetapi banyak pembayar pajak menentang gagasan itu.	Fake
Technology	Amazon memiliki lebih banyak ponsel beranggaran untuk menjual Anda	Ambil sedikit telepon murah. Potong harganya bahkan lebih. Voila - Anda mendapat hit lain di Amazon.	Legit
Technology	Super Mario Run untuk meninggalkan app store	Super Mario Run yang dulu populer akan dikeluarkan dari toko aplikasi Google play dan apple pada hari Jumat. Nintendo mengatakan bahwa tidak lama setelah dirilis, publik berhenti mengunduh game ketika pemain saat ini menyebarkan berita bahwa untuk memainkan seluruh game Anda harus melakukan pembelian dalam aplikasi. Penggemar Nintendo dan Mario terkejut bahwa Nintendo akan merilis game gratis dan kemudian biaya untuk memainkannya. Nintendo mengatakan mereka akan membawa permainan kembali ke papan gambar, dan mencoba dan merilis versi gratis di lain waktu.	Fake
Technology	Yahoo Mengungkapkan Pelanggaran Data Besar-besaran dari 500 juta Akun	"Portal web populer Yahoo mengatakan hari ini bahwa mereka percaya ""aktor yang disponsori negara"" mencuri informasi yang berkaitan dengan sekitar 500 juta akun pengguna dari jaringannya pada akhir 2014."	Legit
Technology	Larangan untuk pengguna tangan kanan	Pemerintah AS sementara melarang penumpang di penerbangan yang keluar selama 2 minggu ke depan. Pemerintah akan menentukan kidal dari delapan puluhan dengan cepat melemparkan bola ke penumpang yang tidak curiga. Karena refleks yang cepat diperlukan maka tangan dominan seseorang akan diperlihatkan dan diungkap. Alasan larangan ini tidak segera jelas dan pejabat tidak akan berkomentar. Seorang pejabat kedua menyatakan bahwa itu hanya akan menjadi ketidaknyamanan sementara dan mencoba berharap semua yang terlibat akan bersabar.	Fake
Technology	Netflix sedang menguji iklan, dan pemirsa membencinya	"Dalam upaya untuk menghasilkan lebih banyak pendapatan dan menjaga harga bulanan tetap rendah, Netflix sedang bereksperimen dengan menambahkan iklan ke alirannya. Juru bicara Netflix, Smita Saran, mengatakan bahwa fitur tersebut adalah satu dari ""ratusan"" tes AB yang dilakukan perusahaan setiap tahun untuk mencoba fitur-fitur baru. ""Jika kami mengikuti rute ini, kami berencana menerapkan tombol 'Lewati Komersial' yang akan diaktifkan jika pengguna membayar 3 'Biaya Ad-Skipping' tambahan. Sementara kami memahami bahwa banyak pemirsa kami menyukai Netflix karena kurangnya iklan, kami merasa ini adalah pilihan yang baik untuk mengimbangi kenaikan biaya konten."	Fake
Technology	Secara resmi Bert dan Ernie dari ketenaran Sesame Street sudah menikah. Upacara yang indah dihadiri oleh banyak penggemar mereka dan direkam dan seharusnya dibagikan secara online untuk mereka yang tidak bisa hadir. YouTube menganggap tidak pantas bagi anak-anak untuk menonton meskipun anak-anak yang telah menyaksikan contoh-contoh cinta dan penerimaan yang luar biasa dari Bert dan Ernie ini selama bertahun-tahun berada di TV. Kita semua berharap yang terbaik dan hidup bahagia bersama. Kami berharap hal yang sama untuk semua teman kami.	Klub Liverpool harus menyewa jet pribadi untuk mengeluarkan Philippe Coutinho dan Roberto Firmino dari Brasil tepat pada waktunya untuk Derby Merseyside di Inggris. Pasangan itu tampaknya terlibat dalam semacam serangan di Amerika Selatan, dan mungkin telah ditahan di Brasil jika klub mereka tidak melangkah untuk menyapu mereka keluar dari negara itu. Fenway Sporting Group, pemilik Liverpool yang bertenaga besar, tampaknya diam-diam mengatur penerbangan yang membuat anak-anaknya keluar dari masalah dan keluar kota, dengan cepat. Di sini berharap pasangan bertarung sekeras di lapangan bermain	Fake
Technology	Rencana Kongres untuk mengambil privasi Anda.	Partai Republik selalu berpikir bahwa orang harus memiliki banyak privasi. Privasi adalah satu-satunya hal yang menghentikan mereka mengambil alih negara. Verizon, comcast dan ATT sekarang memiliki kongres dan merupakan mitra rahasia. Perusahaan telekomunikasi sekarang memiliki kongres dan jika mereka mendapatkan informasi tentang Anda, mereka dapat menempatkan Anda di kamp kematian. Ini tidak mungkin dalam pemerintahan era pemerintahan obama tetapi sekarang bahwa republiken mengontrol pemerintah itu akan terjadi. Tindakan ini ditingkatkan oleh Donald truf.	Fake
Technology		Toyota bekerja sama dengan Microsoft untuk menghadirkan pengenalan suara ke mobil	Legit
Technology	Departemen Kendaraan Bermotor California menindak mobil otomatis.	"Setelah peningkatan baru-baru ini dalam kecelakaan otomatis, California DMV menambahkan biaya baru dan biaya layanan kepada pengguna mobil pengemudi otomatis. Tuduhan ini dimaksudkan untuk membantu keluarga korban Pelecehan Kendaraan Bermotor Otomatis dan mendanai biaya hukum yang dikeluarkan oleh negara yang disebabkan oleh litigasi dari kasus cedera otomatis. Kurangnya akuntabilitas pribadi telah menyebabkan banyak kebingungan bagi anggota parlemen lokal ketika datang ke pertanyaan mencolok, ""siapa yang kita tuntut?"""	Fake
Technology	NASA menemukan Air Cair di Mars	"Air cair mungkin telah ditemukan di Mars. Michael Malin, kepala peneliti dengan pesawat ruang angkasa Mars Global Surveyor, menyatakan bahwa mereka mungkin menemukan genangan kecil air cair di permukaan berdasarkan gambar terbaru. ""Ini lompatan luar biasa bagi NASA, kita akhirnya bisa menemukan cawan suci kehidupan di planet lain."" Malin dan koleganya Ken Edgett akan membuat pernyataan resmi secara langsung di NASA.com setelah semua informasi telah ditinjau dan disetujui. Edgett berkomentar, ""Ini bisa membuktikan bahwa kehidupan mungkin terjadi di tempat lain di tata surya kita."" Staf kami sangat gembira dengan kemungkinan penemuan yang monumental ini dan akan menerbitkan lebih banyak informasi saat tersedia."	Fake
Technology	_Impossible Foods untuk supersize produksi burger yang tumbuh di laboratorium	Tidak mudah untuk menenggelamkan gigi Anda ke dalam hamburger tanpa daging yang tumbuh di dalam Impossible Foods. Lagi pula, Anda hanya bisa mendapatkannya di delapan restoran AS.	Legit
Technology	Mengikuti kejanggalan YouTube, ATT, Verizon dapat menarik sebagian besar iklan mereka dari Google	Setelah iklan mereka muncul di sebelah konten ekstremis di YouTube, perusahaan telekomunikasi ATT dan Verizon mengatakan mereka akan menarik iklan mereka dari situs video. Tetapi dampaknya mungkin lebih dari sekadar YouTube.	Legit
Technology	YouTube mengotomatiskan teks efek suara dengan AI	"YouTube telah menggunakan algoritme untuk secara otomatis menangkap teks selama delapan tahun sekarang dalam upaya membuat milyaran videonya lebih mudah diakses bagi tuna rungu dan tuna rungu. Sementara fitur itu pada awalnya cukup kasar, itu telah secara signifikan meningkatkannya dari waktu ke waktu, semakin ""lebih dekat dan lebih dekat dengan tingkat kesalahan transkripsi manusia,"" kata Google dalam blog pengembangnya. Karena ucapan hanyalah salah satu bagian dari gambar audio, YouTube telah meluncurkan teks efek suara otomatis untuk pertama kalinya."	Legit
Technology	Perangkat telepon menguji kesuburan pria dengan akurasi 98%, studi menunjukkan	Sebuah lampiran smartphone baru dapat mengevaluasi air mani pria dan menentukan tingkat kesuburannya dengan akurasi hingga 98%, sebuah studi baru menunjukkan.	Legit
Technology	Instagram menambahkan otentikasi futuristik, pengenalan wajah, dan sentuhan DNA	Instagram telah menambahkan beberapa fitur futuristik untuk menghentikan peretas agar dapat mengakses akun. Sekarang setiap pengguna banyak mengirimkan DNA ke Instagram bersama dengan foto paspor untuk membuka akun baru untuk mengambil akses ke akun lama atau yang sudah ada. Twitter, Facebook, dan Google akan menambahkan protokol keamanan yang sama dalam waktu dekat.	Fake
Technology	Kecerdasan baru menunjukkan ISIS mencurangi baterai laptop untuk menyebabkan ledakan di pesawat	"Pada hari Selasa, intelijen AS dan Inggris mengutip intelijen yang direkrut ISIS untuk melatih komputer laptop dan tablet menjadi perangkat peledak menggunakan baterai perangkat sebagai pemicu ledakan. Ledakan baru tidak terdeteksi menggunakan tindakan pencegahan keamanan di bandara utama. Intelijen menunjukkan perangkat peledak harus diaktifkan secara manual dalam penerbangan. Mengutip ancaman terhadap pelancong udara ini, para pejabat AS dan Inggris pada hari Selasa mengumumkan pelarangan perangkat elektronik seperti laptop dan tablet dari barang bawaan di penerbangan dari semua negara. ""Larangan itu akan diberlakukan sampai kita menemukan cara untuk memeriksa bagasi dengan baik"", kata Presiden Donald Trump."	Fake
Technology	Amazon Alexa menambahkan Prime Now ke belanja suaranya	Kehabisan kertas toilet tidak akan pernah sama lagi.	Legit
Technology	Wells Fargo Berusaha Mendapatkan Kendali atas Uang Anda - Wells Fargo mulai memainkan rencana untuk mengendalikan pengeluaran konsumen. Pada hari Senin, ia mulai meluncurkan program yang dimaksudkan untuk mengurangi jumlah orang yang menggunakan mata uang fisik. Dengan memaksa pelanggan hanya menggunakan mata uang digital, bank berharap menjadi penentu kapan dan di mana uang dapat dibelanjakan. Tidak seperti mata uang fisik tradisional, transaksi yang dilakukan secara digital memerlukan otorisasi dari bank yang menyimpan dana. Dengan demikian apakah uang Anda dapat dihabiskan dan untuk apa yang menjadi keputusan bank. Tapi bukan hanya Wells Fargo yang bergerak ke arah ini. Pemerintah AS telah lama mendorong bank untuk bergerak ke arah ini. Dengan melakukan itu, pemerintah berharap untuk mendapatkan pengaruh yang lebih besar dari penduduk. Bukan rahasia lagi bahwa departemen kepolisian telah menyita rekening bank dan uang tanpa proses hukum apa pun. Tetapi jika semua mata uang telah didigitalkan, pemerintah tidak hanya akan dapat menyita setiap kali Anda memiliki tetapi mereka akan dapat mencegah Anda mendapatkan lebih banyak uang dengan cara apa pun. Pemerintah pada dasarnya akan mendapatkan kemampuan untuk secara sewenang-wenang menjatuhkan hukuman mati pada warga negara dengan mencegah mereka berpartisipasi dalam perdagangan sama sekali. Wells Fargo berdiri untuk memperoleh keuntungan dari ini karena jika semua uang adalah digital, maka semua uang harus menjadi milik bank. Ini hanyalah langkah pertama menuju orang Amerika yang lebih otoriter.	Aturan CC memanfaatkan teknologi untuk membantu jutaan orang menikmati televisi dan format media lainnya. Berkat teknologi pembelajaran mesin Google, para tahanan akan dapat memanfaatkan teknologi ini .. YouTube telah menggunakan perangkat lunak pidato-ke-teks yang akan digunakan di beberapa penjara di seluruh negeri. Tahanan yang terganggu narapidana senang mendengar tentang teknologi CC yang diterapkan, tetapi banyak pembayar pajak menentang gagasan itu.	Fake
Technology	Wells Fargo memperkenalkan ATM tanpa kartu di seluruh AS dalam dorongan digital	Mulai hari Senin, deposan Wells Fargo Co dapat menarik uang menggunakan smartphone di ATM bermerek apa pun, tanda terbaru pemberi pinjaman AS yang menjauh dari perbankan tradisional.	Legit
Technology	Tingkat Kesalahan Nol Persen YouTube pada Teks Efek	Selama lebih dari 15 tahun, YouTube telah menggunakan algoritme untuk ucapan kapitalisasi otomatis untuk tuna rungu. Teks telah berjalan dengan lancar dari awal, dan selalu memiliki tingkat kesalahan nol persen, menurut pengembang Google. Youtube, selama beberapa tahun, juga menyediakan teks efek suara. Itu bisa mengeja suara seperti tepuk tangan, musik, tawa, bersenandung, bersin, dan suara lainnya di video YouTube.	Fake
Technology	NASA menguji mesin roket untuk misi Mars di masa depan	NASA menguji sebagian dari roket yang kemungkinan akan membawa manusia ke Mars di Stennis Space Center di Mississippi pada 23 Maret. Mesin-mesin itu akan menggerakkan roket Space Launch System (SLS) baru agensi itu pada misi luar angkasa masa depan.	Legit
Technology	Google Maps dapat memberi tahu teman Anda persis di mana Anda berada	Jika Anda pernah mencoba untuk bertemu dengan teman-teman di bentangan luas seperti Central Park atau Golden Gate Park, Anda tahu akan sulit menemukan tempat yang tepat di mana mereka nongkrong.	Legit
Technology	Kongres Bergerak untuk Melanggar Aturan Privasi Internet Dari Era Obama	WASHINGTON - Senator Republik bergerak pada hari Kamis untuk membongkar perlindungan privasi internet yang penting bagi konsumen dalam serangan pertama yang menentukan terhadap peraturan telekomunikasi dan teknologi yang diciptakan selama pemerintahan Obama, dan pertanda deregulasi lebih lanjut.	Legit
Technology	Vespa Tertua di dunia Terlibat dalam Kecelakaan Mobil	"Anda mungkin ingat mobil Vespa klasik seperti yang dibawa Audrey Hepburn keliling Roma. Pada hari Sabtu, Vespa tertua yang tersisa yang berada di tangan kolektor John Grimes terlibat dalam kecelakaan saat pemilik keluar membuat pemeliharaan mobil. . Ya, mobil klasik telah dipertahankan dalam kondisi berjalan selama bertahun-tahun. Skuter dari ""Seri O"" Piaggio dengan nomor seri 1003 ditabrak oleh pengendara yang bandel sehingga mengakhiri umur panjang mobil klasik."	Fake
Technology	Pelacak GPS akan ditanamkan ke warga Nepal	Nepal akan menanamkan pelacak GPS ke lengan kanan semua warga yang tinggal di sekitar wilayah Gunung Everest. Seorang pejabat mengatakan Senin pagi bahwa dengan popularitas turis mendaki Everest, dikhawatirkan penduduk setempat akan berusaha untuk menculik atau merampok wisatawan ini. Ini adalah langkah pertama dalam upaya untuk melacak warga tidak hanya untuk keselamatan wisatawan tetapi untuk keselamatan warga itu sendiri. Mereka akan menerapkan kebijakan baru ini selama 2 tahun ke depan dan siapa pun yang menolak akan diminta untuk meninggalkan negara itu.	Fake
Technology	Uber Self-Driving Test Mobil Lanjutkan Tiga Hari Setelah Kecelakaan	Mobil self-driving Uber Technologies Inc. kembali di jalan umum Senin, tiga hari setelah kecelakaan di Arizona membuat program pengujian perusahaan ditahan.	Legit
Technology	Komputer Google menang atas juara 'Go' dunia	Pada hari Sabtu, sebuah komputer Google mencatat kemenangan ketiganya berturut-turut atas Lee Se-dol, juara global yang telah lama memerintah dalam permainan papan paling kompleks di dunia. Kemenangan itu membuat mesin pemenang yang jelas dalam seri best-of-lima.	Legit
Technology	'Kulit' bertenaga surya dapat membuat prostetik lebih nyata	Banyak orang mencoba untuk tidak terkena sinar matahari. Tetapi jika jenis baru dari kulit elektronik bertenaga surya membuat jalan ke prosthetics, pemakainya pasti ingin sinar itu menyinari anggota badan mereka.	Legit
Technology	NASA Menemukan Air di Mars	Dalam penemuan pertama, para astronom NASA mengumumkan hari ini bahwa mereka telah menemukan bukti kuat bahwa air mengalir di permukaan Mars. Temuan itu membuatnya lebih mungkin bahwa kehidupan mungkin ada atau bisa ada di planet ini.	Legit
Technology	Fosil mengakui Tren Smartwatch telah Berakhir	"Fossil Group mengakui kekalahan dalam garis smartwatch-nya. Perusahaan ini sebelumnya merilis lebih dari 300 jam tangan pintar baru, yang menghasilkan penjualan yang kurang baik di gerai ritelnya. Dipersembahkan dengan begitu banyak pilihan, pelanggan hanya berjalan keluar dari banyak lokasi Fossil daripada memilih untuk berbelanja di Amazon untuk arloji non-pintar yang lebih akurat menjaga waktu di sebagian kecil dari biaya. Ketika ditanya tentang kinerja buruk dari jalur-jalur smartwatch baru ini, seorang juru bicara Fossil menjawab, ""Setelah menyelesaikan riset pasar yang luas, kami menyadari bahwa melepaskan 300 jam tangan pintar baru pada tahun 2017 mungkin 297 terlalu banyak."" Merek-merek seperti Diesel, Emporio Armani, Fossil, Michael Kors, dan Misfit semuanya dipengaruhi oleh penurunan pembelian smartwatch. Semua jam tangan menjalankan sistem operasi Android Wear 2.0 yang baru, dan ditenagai oleh chip Snapdragon Wear 2100. Bahkan dengan layar AMOLED resolusi tinggi penuh, pelanggan memilih untuk perangkat penghemat waktu yang tidak terlalu rumit."	Fake
Technology	Apple Says Kids Under 5 - Free For Life	Apple berkomitmen untuk Apple sehari membuat dokter menjauh. Perusahaan telah berkomitmen untuk membiarkan setiap anak Amerika di bawah lima tahun membeli iPhone dengan harga setengah. Perusahaan akan menginstal aplikasi yang memungkinkan anak-anak untuk memberi tahu guru mereka ketika mereka merasa tidak enak atau perlu menggunakan kamar mandi, aplikasi ini memungkinkan mereka untuk menghubungi guru tanpa mengangkat tangan mereka. Rasa malu karena menarik perhatian pada diri sendiri ketika Anda harus buang air besar adalah sesuatu dari masa lalu, dan apel memimpin. The Futuresource Consulting, sebuah perusahaan riset telah mendukung gagasan yang telah ditawarkan dan ingin menyumbangkan 35.000 sistem operasi iPhone dan Apple MacOS hingga tahun di seluruh AS.	Fake
Technology	Amazon Alexa menambahkan data preemptive shopping untuk mengetahui apa yang Anda inginkan	Setelah bertahun-tahun melakukan penelitian dan pengumpulan data yang luas di Amazon, departemen AI mereka kini telah mengembangkan perangkat lunak belanja prekognisi Menggunakan tren belanja standar jutaan orang Amerika, layanan baru Amazon akan memprediksi kebutuhan Anda, dan pengiriman waktu untuk menghindari tugas yang sulit untuk memesan sendiri. produk. Kehabisan tisu toilet akan menjadi masalah di masa lalu, pastikan untuk memeriksa paket sebelum Anda melakukan perjalanan. Di kota kelahirannya, Cincinnati, Ohio, drone Ohio akan segera diluncurkan dalam gelombang baru PAP (Precognitive Automated Purchases) yang tidak hanya memprediksi waktu Anda akan membutuhkan produk, tetapi juga menggunakan drone untuk mengirimkannya.	Fake
Technology	Pembelajaran Mesin Membuka Cara Baru untuk Membantu Orang Cacat	Aturan CC mengharuskan stasiun TV untuk menyediakan teks tertutup yang menyampaikan ucapan, efek suara, dan reaksi audiens seperti tawa hingga tuli dan pemirsa yang tuli. YouTube tidak tunduk pada aturan itu, tetapi berkat teknologi pembelajaran mesin Google, sekarang menawarkan bantuan serupa.	Legit
Technology	Bertenaga Surya .... Kulit?	"Dengan kemajuan besar dalam teknologi, jenis baru dari kulit bertenaga surya membuat jalan ke dunia prosthetics. Para peneliti sedang mengembangkan kulit pintar baru yang dapat ""merasakan"" dengan sensor tertanam. Dimungkinkan untuk merasakan perbedaan suhu, tekanan, dan bahkan kelembaban dengan tambahan baru ini untuk prostetik. Bagian ""surya"" dari teknologi baru ini muncul ketika mencoba untuk menyalakannya. Sebuah tim peneliti dari Universitas Glasgow di Inggris telah mengembangkan versi kulit sintetis ini yang memanfaatkan kekuatan matahari. Tetapi tidak hanya sampai di situ, mereka mengembangkan versi yang dapat memanfaatkan daya yang lebih besar sehingga dapat digunakan untuk memberi daya pada perangkat elektronik lainnya. Berkat penelitian ini, tidak hanya para pemakai prosthetics akan mendapat manfaat darinya, tetapi juga kita semua dan perangkat elektronik kita yang tercinta."	Fake
Technology	Twitter menghapus alat anti-troll	"Dalam pernyataan berani oleh Ed Ho, wakil presiden teknik Twitter, ""Twitter tidak lagi disensor karena beberapa apel buruk"". Selama beberapa bulan ke depan Twitter akan menghapus alat anti-penyalahgunaan dari situs web utama dan aplikasi Twitter resminya. Twitter hanya akan menganalisis penyalahgunaan yang dilaporkan langsung dari penggunanya dan tidak akan lagi menggunakan algoritma komputer apa pun untuk 'memindai' penyalahgunaan."	Fake
Technology	IPhone baru yang mengejutkan ada di sini - dan warnanya merah	"Apple (AAPL, Tech30) hari Selasa meluncurkan versi merah khusus untuk iPhone 7 dan 7 Plus. Warna baru yang berani adalah penghargaan untuk mendiang pendiri Apple Steve Jobs, yang meninggal pada 2011. Dalam sebuah wawancara dengan co-founder Steve Wozniak, terungkap bahwa Jobs selalu memiliki kesukaan khusus pada warna: ""Salah satu yang asli Logo Apple Computer berwarna-warni dengan warna merah di bagian bawah, karena ia ingin itu berfungsi sebagai fondasi. Dia bahkan tidak akan mendengarkan Anda di rapat staf jika Anda tidak mengenakan warna merah, ""kata Wozniak. Telepon akan datang dalam model 256GB dan 512GB dan akan tersedia di toko-toko dan online mulai Jumat."	Fake
Technology	Super Mario Run membuat lompatan ke Android	Game smartphone Super Mario Run yang sangat populer sekarang tersedia untuk dimainkan di perangkat Android, Nintendo mengatakan Rabu.	Legit
Technology	ATT memposting iklan berita besar YouTube dan situs Google	"ATT ingin memulai kampanye dan mengumumkan kepada dunia bahwa mereka akan keluar dari bisnis. Perusahaan telah memutuskan untuk menghormati yang terbaik yang mereka buat dengan Verizon. Taruhannya adalah jika Trump memenangkan pemilu, mereka akan menutup bisnis mereka. Saingan Verizon mengatakan kepada USA Today bahwa, ""itu adalah taruhan yang buruk tapi itulah cara kue itu kadang-kadang hancur dan mereka perlu menghormati taruhan asli dan segera menutup pintu mereka."""	Fake
Technology	Konsol permainan Nintendo Switch akan diluncurkan pada 299 untuk 299	Konsol permainan video Nintendo Switch akan dijual dengan harga sekitar 260 di Jepang, mulai 3 Maret, tanggal yang sama dengan peluncuran globalnya di AS dan Eropa. Perusahaan Jepang menjanjikan perangkat akan dikemas dengan fitur-fitur menyenangkan dari semua mesin masa lalunya dan banyak lagi. Nintendo menjanjikan pengalaman interaktif yang lebih mendalam dengan Switch, termasuk bermain online dan menggunakan pengendali jarak jauh dalam permainan yang tidak mengharuskan pemain untuk terus-menerus menatap layar.	Legit
Technology	Samsung Galaxy Note 7 dilarang di semua penerbangan AS karena bahaya kebakaran	Ponsel Samsung Galaxy Note 7 akan dilarang dari semua penerbangan maskapai setelah hampir 100 insiden perangkat terlalu panas dan kadang-kadang melukai pemilik, Departemen Transportasi mengumumkan Jumat.	Legit
Technology	Amazon memberikan telepon murah gratis.	"Dalam langkah baru untuk menarik pangsa pasar menjauh dari operator telepon utama, Amazon mengumumkan Kamis bahwa mereka memberikan telepon anggaran kepada Anggota Perdana Amazon. Selain pemberian telepon, Amazon mengatakan mereka menambahkan lebih banyak ponsel ke dalam daftar telepon anggaran mereka. Anggota utama Amazon sekarang akan dapat menerima telepon secara gratis dan dapat melakukan pra-pemesanan mulai Kamis. Langkah ini akan dibayar sebagian dengan menempatkan iklan di layar ponsel untuk mengiklankan produk dan layanan Amazon tambahan. ""Tujuan kami adalah untuk menguasai dunia dan menempatkan tangan kami ke dalam setiap aspek perdagangan. Sekarang pelanggan dapat memiliki semua kebutuhan komunikasi, belanja, dan hiburan mereka di ujung tangan mereka, semua dipenuhi oleh Amazon"", kata CEO Amazon Jeff Bezos ."	Fake
Technology	Jadilah terang: Ilmuwan Jerman menguji 'matahari buatan'	"Para ilmuwan di Jerman membalik tombol pada hari Kamis pada apa yang digambarkan sebagai ""matahari buatan terbesar di dunia,"" sebuah perangkat yang mereka harapkan akan membantu menjelaskan cara-cara baru membuat bahan bakar ramah iklim."	Legit
Technology	Hakuna tishio jipya lililosababisha mipaka ya ndege za ndege, maafisa wanasema	Maafisa wa Amerika na Briteni walisema Jumanne uamuzi wa kuweka laptops na vidonge kutoka kwenye cabins za ndege zingine za kimataifa haukutegemea tishio lolote lakini kwa wasiwasi wa muda mrefu juu ya magaidi wanaolenga jetliners.	Legit
Technology	Amazon Prime Air drone inakamilisha uwasilishaji wake wa kwanza wa umma wa Amerika	Amazon Prime Air ilisema Alhamisi ilisafirisha kifurushi chake cha kwanza nje hadharani Amerika wiki hii, ikiashiria hatua nyingine ndogo kuelekea lengo lake la kujaza mawingu na vifaa vya kujifungua.	Legit
Technology	Uvunjaji wa data ya Yahoo kutoka Akaunti 500M	"Wakati maduka mengi ya habari yakiripoti wizi uliofadhiliwa na serikali wa akaunti ya watumiaji milioni 500 kutoka kwa mtandao wa Yahoo, Yahoo amekataa uvunjaji huo umefanyika. ""Tunawapongeza washirika wetu wa media kwa mawazo yao ya uvumbuzi na makubwa,"" msemaji wa Yahoo alisema, ""lakini akaunti zote za watumiaji ziko salama kwani hakuna uvunjaji wowote ambao umefanyika."" Habari iliyoibiwa inaripotiwa kuwa ni pamoja na majina, anwani za barua pepe, tarehe za kuzaliwa, nambari za simu, na habari ya nywila. Bila kujali taarifa ya Yahoo, wataalam wengi wanashauri kwamba watumiaji wa mtandao walio na akaunti ya Yahoo waweke nywila zao upya na wawashe uthibitisho wa sababu mbili mara moja."	Fake
Technology	Netflix inajaribu kitufe cha 'Skip Intro', na watazamaji wanaipenda	"Hakuna kuangalia tena wimbo huo wa muda mrefu wa dakika na sifa kabla ya kila sehemu ya ""Orange ni Nyeusi Mpya."" Netflix aliiambia CNNMoney Ijumaa kwamba washiriki wengine wa Netflix hivi karibuni walianza kuona kitufe cha ""Skip Intro"" wakati wa kutiririsha, lakini hakusema ilipoibuka mara ya kwanza."	Legit
Technology	ATT huchota matangazo kutoka kwa YouTube, tovuti zingine za Google	"ATT haitaki jina lake kuonekana karibu na video zinazokuza uvumilivu na chuki. Kama matokeo, mbebaji Jumatano alisema ni kuvuta matangazo kutoka kwa YouTube na majukwaa mengine ya Google ""yasiyotafuta."""	Legit
Technology	Facebook Messenger inaondoa Emoji	Facebook imetangaza kwamba kwa sababu ya mafanikio ya emoji na jinsi wanavyotambuliwa sana, Facebook imeamua kuchukua hatua ya ujasiri ya kufuta yote emoji. Facebook inasema kwamba mwitikio kutoka kwa umma umeungwa mkono kabisa kwa sababu nyuso za emoji zimechukua nafasi ya mawasiliano ya maneno na maandishi ya kihemko. Ukosefu wa kuelezea huzuni au furaha ni kuwageuza wanadamu kuwa kama serikali ya hali ya juu zaidi na Facebook inajali watumiaji wake na inataka kuanza kuwasaidia watu kujielezea tena bila dosari ya emoji.	Fake
Technology	Google inaruhusu watumiaji kushiriki maeneo yao katika programu ya kuchora ramani	Google ya Alfabeti Inc ilitangaza Jumatano kwamba itarekebisha programu yake maarufu ya ramani ili kuwaruhusu watumiaji kushiriki maeneo yao, ili kuongeza ushiriki kwenye bidhaa ya kuongeza umuhimu wa kimkakati kwa mkuu wa utaftaji.	Legit
Technology	Kujifunza Mashine Hufungua Njia Mpya za kusaidia watu walioko Gerezani	Sheria za CC hufanya matumizi ya teknolojia kusaidia mamilioni ya watu kufurahiya televisheni na aina zingine za media. Shukrani kwa teknolojia ya kujifunza mashine ya Google, wafungwa wataweza kutumia teknolojia hizi .. YouTube imetumia programu ya kusema-maandishi itatumika katika magereza kadhaa nchini kote. Kusikia wafungwa wasio na nguvu wanafurahi kusikia teknolojia za CC zinatekelezwa, lakini walipa kodi wengi wanapingana na wazo hilo.	Fake
Technology	Amazon ina simu za bajeti zaidi kukuuza	Chukua simu chache za bajeti. Kata bei yao hata zaidi. Voila - umepata hit nyingine kwenye Amazon.	Legit
Technology	Super Mario Run ili uache duka la programu	Super Mario Run inayofahamika itachukuliwa nje ya duka la Google play na apple app kwenye Ijumaa. Nintendo anasema kuwa muda mfupi baada ya kuachiliwa kwa umma waliacha kupakua mchezo huo wakati wachezaji wa sasa walikuwa wameeneza neno kwamba ili kucheza mchezo mzima ilibidi ufanye ununuzi wa programu. Mashabiki wa Nintendo na Mario wanashangazwa kuwa Nintendo angeachia mchezo wa bure halafu atalipia kuicheza. Nintendo anasema watarejesha mchezo huo kwenye bodi ya kuchora, na kujaribu na kutolewa toleo la bure baadaye.	Fake
Technology	Yahoo yatangaza Uvunjaji mkubwa wa Takwimu kutoka Hesabu 500M	"Wavuti maarufu wa wavuti Yahoo alisema leo kwamba inaamini ""muigizaji anayeungwa mkono na serikali"" aliiba habari zinazohusiana na akaunti za watumiaji milioni 500 kutoka kwa mtandao wake mwishoni mwa mwaka wa 2014."	Legit
Technology	Piga marufuku watumiaji wa mkono wa kulia	Serikali ya Amerika inazuia kwa muda abiria kwenye ndege ambazo zinaondoka kwa wiki 2 zijazo. Serikali itaamua mabaki kutoka kwa watu themanini kwa kutupa haraka mpira kwa abiria wasio na matarajio. Kwa sababu ya Reflex ya haraka inayohitajika na mkono mkubwa wa mtu utaonyeshwa na kufunuliwa. Sababu ya marufuku hii si wazi mara moja na maafisa wa hangeweza kutoa maoni. Afisa wa pili alisema kuwa hiyo inaweza kuwa usumbufu wa muda mfupi na jaribu kuwa wote wanaohusika watakuwa na subira.	Fake
Technology	Netflix inajaribu matangazo, na watazamaji wanayachukia	"Katika jitihada za kutoa mapato zaidi na kuweka bei ya chini ya kila mwezi, Netflix inajaribu kuongeza matangazo kwenye mito yake. Msemaji wa Netflix, Smita Saran alisema kipengele hicho ni moja ya ""mamia"" ya vipimo vya AB ambavyo kampuni hufanya kila mwaka kujaribu makala mpya. ""Ikiwa tutakwenda kwa njia hii, tunapanga kutekeleza kifungo cha 'Kuruka Biashara' ambacho kitawezeshwa ikiwa mtumiaji atalipa Ada ya kuongeza 'Ad-3. Wakati tunaelewa kuwa watazamaji wetu wengi wanapenda Netflix kwa sababu ya ukosefu ya matangazo, tunahisi hii ni chaguo nzuri kwa kumaliza gharama zinazoongezeka za yaliyomo."	Fake
Technology	Ni rasmi Bert na Ernie wa Sesame Street umaarufu wameolewa Sherehe hiyo ya kupendeza ilihudhuriwa na mashabiki wao wengi na ilirekodiwa na ilitakiwa kushirikiwa mkondoni kwa wale ambao hawakuweza kuhudhuria. YouTube imeona haifai kwa watoto kutazama ingawa imekuwa watoto ambao wametazama mifano hii nzuri ya upendo na kukubalika kutoka kwa Bert na Ernie kupitia miaka yao mingi wakiwa kwenye Runinga. Sote tunawatakia maisha bora na marefu yenye furaha pamoja. Tunatamani hiyo kwa marafiki wetu wote.	Klabu ya Liverpool ililazimika kuajiri ndege ya kibinafsi ili kuwafanya Philippe Coutinho na Roberto Firmino kutoka Brazil kwa wakati kwa Merseyside Derby kurudi England. Wawili hao walikuwa dhahiri walihusika katika aina fulani ya shambulio huko Amerika Kusini, na wangalikuwa wamefungwa kizuizini nchini Brazili ikiwa klabu yao haikuingia ili kuwaondoa nchini. Kikosi cha Mchezo cha Fenway Sporting, mmiliki wa nguvu ya Liverpool, inaonekana kuwa aliandaa kwa siri ndege hiyo iliyowatoa wavulana wake shida na nje ya mji, haraka sana. Hapa natamani mapambano ya jozi kama magumu kwenye uwanja wa michezo	Fake
Technology	Mipango ya Congress ya kuchukua faragha yako.	Republican kila wakati walidhani watu wamelazimika kupata faragha nyingi. Usiri ni jambo la pekee kuwazuia kuchukua nchi. Verizon, comcast na ATT sasa wamiliki wa mkutano na ni washirika wa siri. Kampuni za mawasiliano sasa zinamiliki mkutano na ikiwa wakipata habari juu yako wanaweza kukuweka katika kambi za kifo. Hii haikuwezekana katika utawala wa enzi za obama lakini sasa kwamba wanamgambo watakapowadhibiti serikali itafanyika. Kitendo hiki kinaboreshwa na Donald trump.	Fake
Technology		Timu za Toyota juu na Microsoft kuleta sauti kwa magari	Legit
Technology	Gari la Idara ya Magari ya California liko kwenye magari yanayoendesha.	"Baada ya ongezeko la hivi karibuni la ajali za magari, DMV ya California inaongeza kwa malipo mpya na ada ya huduma kwa watumiaji wa magari ya dereva. Mashtaka haya yanalenga kusaidia familia za wahanga wa Magari Moja kwa Moja na kutoa ada ya kisheria inayopatikana na serikali inayosababishwa na madai ya kesi za jeraha. Kukosekana kwa uwajibikaji wa kibinafsi kumesababisha machafuko mengi kwa wabunge wa sheria linapokuja suala la swali la kushangaza, ""tunamshtaki nani?"""	Fake
Technology	NASA hupata Maji ya Liquid kwenye Mars	"Maji ya kioevu yanaweza kupatikana kwenye Mars. Michael Malin, mpelelezi mkuu na spacecraft ya Mars Global uchunguzi, anasema kwamba wameweza kupata mabwawa madogo ya maji ya kioevu juu ya uso kulingana na picha za hivi karibuni. ""Huu ni hatua nzuri mbele kwa NASA, mwishowe tungeweza kupata pazia takatifu la maisha kwenye sayari nyingine."" Malin na mwenzake Ken Edgett watakuwa wakitoa taarifa rasmi moja kwa moja kwenye NASA.com mara tu habari yote itakapokaguliwa na kupitishwa. Edgett alitoa maoni, ""Hii inaweza kudhibitisha kuwa maisha yanawezekana mahali pengine katika mfumo wetu wa jua."" Wafanyikazi wetu wanafurahi sana juu ya uwezekano wa ugunduzi huu mkubwa na watakuwa wakichapisha habari zaidi kadiri inavyopatikana."	Fake
Technology	Chakula kinachowezekana kuchukua nafasi ya uzalishaji wa Burger iliyopandwa maabara	Sio rahisi kuzama meno yako kuwa moja ya vibanda vya nyama visivyo na afya vya maabara ya Chakula. Baada ya yote, unaweza kupata yao katika mikahawa nane ya Amerika.	Legit
Technology	Kufuatia gaffe ya YouTube, ATT, Verizon inaweza kuvuta matangazo yao mengi kutoka kwa Google	Baada ya matangazo yao kuonekana kando na yaliyokithiri kwenye YouTube, kampuni za simu za ATT na Verizon zilisema zitachukua matangazo yao kutoka kwa wavuti ya video. Lakini kuzidisha kunaweza kwenda zaidi kuliko tu YouTube.	Legit
Technology	YouTube hurekebisha maelezo mafupi ya athari ya sauti na AI	"YouTube imetumia algorithms kubadili hotuba ya maelezo ya kiotomatiki kwa miaka nane sasa katika juhudi za kufanya mabilioni ya video zake kupatikana zaidi kwa viziwi na ngumu kusikia. Wakati huduma hiyo ilikuwa mbaya hapo mwanzoni, imeboresha sana kwa wakati, kuwa ""karibu na karibu na viwango vya makosa ya uandishi wa watu,"" Google ilisema katika blogi yake ya watengenezaji. Kwa kuwa hotuba ni sehemu moja tu ya picha ya sauti, hata hivyo, YouTube imezindua maelezo ya sauti ya moja kwa moja kwa mara ya kwanza."	Legit
Technology	Kifaa cha simu kinapima uzazi wa kiume na usahihi wa 98%, vipimo vya uchunguzi	Kiambatisho kipya cha smartphone kinaweza kutathmini shahawa ya mtu na kuamua kiwango chake cha uzazi na usahihi wa 98%, uchunguzi mpya umeonyesha.	Legit
Technology	Instagram inaongeza uthibitisho wa futari, utambuzi wa usoni na kugusa DNA	Instagram imeongeza juu ya huduma zingine za kiteknolojia kuweka kusimamishwa kamili kwa watapeli wanaoweza kupata akaunti. Sasa kila mtumiaji atume DVD kwa Instagram pamoja na picha ya pasipoti ili kufungua akaunti mpya ya kurudisha ufikiaji wa akaunti ya zamani au iliyopo. Twitter, Facebook na Google zitaongeza itifaki sawa ya usalama katika siku za usoni.	Fake
Technology	Ujuzi mpya unaonyesha betri za mbali za ISIS zinazosababisha mlipuko kwenye ndege	"Siku ya Jumanne, ujasusi wa Amerika na Briteni ulitaja akili kwamba waajiri wa ISIS wamefunzwa kufunga kompyuta za kompyuta za mbali na vidonge kwenye vifaa vya kulipuka kwa kutumia betri ya vifaa kama kichocheo cha kulipuka. Mlipuko mpya hauonekani kwa kutumia tahadhari za usalama mahali pa viwanja vya ndege vikubwa. Ujuzi unaonyesha vifaa vya kulipuka lazima viamilishwe kwa mikono wakati wa kukimbia. Akionyesha tishio hili kwa wasafiri wa anga, maafisa wa Amerika na Uingereza walitangaza Jumanne marufuku ya vifaa vya elektroniki kama vile kompyuta ndogo na vidonge kutoka kwa kubeba mizigo kwa ndege kutoka kwa mataifa yote. ""Marufuku hayo yatafanyika hadi tutafikiria jinsi ya kudhibiti mizigo vizuri"", Rais wa Rais Donald Trump alisema."	Fake
Technology	Alexa ya Amazon inaongeza Prime Sasa katika ununuzi wake wa sauti	Kukimbia kwa karatasi ya choo hakutawahi kuwa sawa tena.	Legit
Technology	Jaribio la Wells Fargo Ili Kupata Udhibiti wa Pesa yako - Wells Fargo imeanza kuweka katika kucheza ni njama ya kudhibiti matumizi ya watumiaji. Siku ya Jumatatu, ilianza kutolewa kwa mpango uliokusudiwa kupunguza idadi ya watu wanaotumia sarafu za mwili. Kwa kulazimisha ni wateja kutumia pesa za dijiti tu benki inatarajia kuwa mzungumzaji wa pesa na pesa zinaweza kutumika lini. Tofauti na sarafu ya jadi ya kawaida, shughuli zilizofanywa kwa dijiti zinahitaji idhini kutoka benki inayohifadhi fedha. Kwa hivyo pesa zako zinaweza kutumika au sio na kwa nini inakuwa uamuzi wa benki. Lakini sio tu Wells Fargo kusonga katika mwelekeo huu. Serikali ya Amerika kwa muda mrefu imekuwa ikisukuma benki kuhamia katika mwelekeo huu. Kwa kufanya hivyo, serikali inatarajia kupata ongezeko kubwa la watu. Sio siri kuwa idara za polisi zimekuwa zikichukua akaunti za benki na pesa bila aina yoyote ya mchakato unaofaa. Lakini ikiwa sarafu zote zilikuwa za digitali, serikali haingeweza tu kuchukua wakati wowote unaomiliki lakini wangeweza kukuzuia kupata mapato zaidi kwa njia yoyote. Kwa kweli serikali ingeweza kupata uwezo wa kulazimisha hukumu ya kifo kwa raia kwa kuwazuia kushiriki katika biashara wakati wote. Wells Fargo anastahili kupata faida hii kwa sababu ikiwa pesa zote ni za dijiti, basi pesa zote lazima ziwe za benki. Hii ni hatua ya kwanza kuelekea Amerika ya kimabavu zaidi.	Sheria za CC hufanya matumizi ya teknolojia kusaidia mamilioni ya watu kufurahiya televisheni na aina zingine za media. Shukrani kwa teknolojia ya kujifunza mashine ya Google, wafungwa wataweza kutumia teknolojia hizi .. YouTube imetumia programu ya kusema-maandishi itatumika katika magereza kadhaa nchini kote. Kusikia wafungwa wasio na nguvu wanafurahi kusikia teknolojia za CC zinatekelezwa, lakini walipa kodi wengi wanapingana na wazo hilo.	Fake
Technology	Wells Fargo inaleta ATM zisizo na kadi kote Amerika katika kushinikiza kwa dijiti	Kuanzia Jumatatu, Wamiliki wa Wells Fargo Co wanaweza kuchukua pesa kwa kutumia smartphone kwa ATM yoyote yenye alama, ishara ya hivi karibuni ya wakopeshaji wa Merika kuhama benki ya matofali na chokaa.	Legit
Technology	Kiwango cha Kosa la Asilimia ya YouTube kwenye Viwango vya Athari za Sauti	Kwa zaidi ya miaka 15, YouTube imetumia algorithms kutoa hotuba ya maelezo kiotomatiki kwa wasio na uwezo wa kusikia. Uteuzi wa kichwa umekuwa vizuri tangu mwanzo, na mara zote umekuwa na kiwango cha makosa ya asilimia sifuri, kulingana na watengenezaji wa Google. Youtube imekuwa, kwa miaka kadhaa, ilitoa sauti ya athari ya sauti, pia. Inaweza kusikiza sauti kama vile makofi, muziki, kicheko, kutetemeka, kupiga chafya, na sauti yoyote ile kwenye video ya YouTube.	Fake
Technology	NASA mtihani wa injini ya roketi kwa misheni ya baadaye ya Mars	NASA ilijaribu sehemu ya roketi ambayo itawachukua wanadamu kwenda Mars katika Kituo cha Nafasi cha Stennis huko Mississippi mnamo Machi 23. Injini zitatoa roketi kwa roketi mpya ya shirika la Sherehe ya Uzinduzi wa Space (SLS) kwenye misheni ya siku zijazo za siku zijazo.	Legit
Technology	Ramani za Google zinaweza kuwaambia marafiki wako mahali ulipo	Ikiwa umewahi kujaribu kukutana na marafiki kwenye anga kubwa kama Hifadhi ya Kati au Hifadhi ya Lango la Dhahabu, unajua inaweza kuwa chungu kupata mahali papo hapo wanapoishi.	Legit
Technology	Bunge lahamia kushika sheria za faragha za mtandao kutoka kwa Obama Era	WASHINGTON - Maseneta wa Republican walihamia Alhamisi kugundua usalama wa faragha wa mtandao kwa watumiaji katika mgomo wa kwanza wa kuamua dhidi ya mawasiliano ya simu na kanuni za teknolojia zilizoundwa wakati wa utawala wa Obama, na mazungumzo ya kukomesha zaidi.	Legit
Technology	Vespa kongwe zaidi ulimwenguni Iliyohusika katika Ajali ya Gari	"Unaweza kukumbuka gari la Vespa la kawaida kama lile la Audrey Hepburn lilisogesha gari kuzunguka Roma. Jumamosi, Vespa kongwe iliyobaki ambayo ilikuwa mikononi mwa ushuru John Grimes ilihusika kwenye ajali wakati mmiliki alikuwa akifanya matengenezo ya gari . Ndio, gari la classic limehifadhiwa katika hali ya kuendesha miaka hii yote. Scooter kutoka kwa ""O Series"" ya Piaggio na nambari ya serial 1003 alipigwa na dereva wa njia mbaya na hivyo kumaliza maisha marefu ya gari."	Fake
Technology	Wafuatiliaji wa GPS kuingizwa kwa raia wa Nepal	Nepal itakuwa ikiingiza wafuatiliaji wa GPS kwenye mkono wa kulia wa raia wote wanaoishi karibu na eneo la Mount Everest. Afisa alisema Jumatatu asubuhi kuwa na umaarufu wa watalii wanapanda Everest, ina wasiwasi kuwa wenyeji watajaribu kuwateka au kuwateka watalii hawa. Hii ni hatua ya kwanza katika juhudi ya kuweka wimbo wa raia sio kwa usalama wa watalii tu bali pia kwa usalama wa raia wenyewe. Watakuwa wakitumia sera hii mpya kwa miaka 2 ijayo na yeyote atakayepungua ataulizwa kuondoka nchini.	Fake
Technology	Uchunguzi wa Gari la Uber Kuendesha Unaanza tena baada ya Siku tatu baada ya Ajali	Magari ya kuendesha gari ya Uber Technologies Inc. yalirudi barabarani Jumatatu, siku tatu baada ya ajali huko Arizona kuweka mpango wa upimaji wa kampuni hiyo.	Legit
Technology	Kompyuta ya Google imeshinda tuzo ya bingwa wa ulimwengu wa 'Go'	Siku ya Jumamosi, kompyuta ya Google iliwacha ushindi wake wa tatu mfululizo dhidi ya Lee Se-dol, bingwa wa muda mrefu wa ulimwengu wa mchezo ngumu zaidi wa bodi. Ushindi huo hufanya mashine kuwa mshindi wa wazi katika safu bora ya tano.	Legit
Technology	'Ngozi' yenye nguvu ya jua inaweza kufanya prosthetics kuwa kweli zaidi	Watu wengi hujaribu kukaa nje ya jua. Lakini ikiwa aina mpya ya ngozi ya umeme inayotumia jua huingia kwenye maumbo ya uchi, watafiti hakika watataka miale hizo ziangaze kwenye miguu yao.	Legit
Technology	NASA Inapata Maji kwenye Mars	Katika ugunduzi mkubwa, wanajimu wa NASA walitangaza leo wamepata ushahidi dhabiti kwamba maji yanapita kwenye uso wa Mars. Upataji huo hufanya uwezekano mkubwa wa kuwa uhai unaweza kuwa unakuwepo au ungalikuwepo kwenye sayari.	Legit
Technology	Fossil Inamaliza Mtindo wa Smartwatch Umekwisha	"Kikundi cha Mafuta ni kukubali kushindwa katika mstari wake smartwatch. Kampuni hapo awali ilitoa zaidi ya smartwatches mpya 300, ambazo zilizalisha mauzo mengi katika maduka yake ya rejareja. Iliyowasilishwa na chaguo nyingi, wateja walitoka nje ya maeneo mengi ya Mafuta badala ya kununua kwenye Amazon kwa saa isiyo ya busara ambayo kwa usahihi huweka wakati katika sehemu ya gharama. Alipoulizwa juu ya utendaji duni wa safu hizi mpya za smartwatches, msemaji wa Fossil alijibu, ""Baada ya kukamilisha utafiti wa soko kubwa, tumegundua kuwa kutolewa kwa smartwatches mpya 300 mnamo 2017 labda ni nyingi 297."" Bidhaa kama Dizeli, Emporio Armani, Fossil, Michael Kors, na Misfit zote ziliguswa na kushuka kwa ununuzi wa smartwatch. Saa zote ziliendesha mfumo mpya wa kutumia Android Wear 2.0, na ziliwezeshwa na chip ya Snapdragon Wear 2100. Hata na onyesho la azimio kamili la AMOLED ya juu, wateja walichagua vifaa visivyo ngumu sana vya kutunza wakati."	Fake
Technology	Apple Inasema Watoto Chini ya 5 - Bure Kwa Maisha	Apple inajitolea kwa Apple kwa siku inamuweka daktari mbali. Kampuni imejitolea kumruhusu kila mtoto wa Amerika chini ya miaka mitano kununua iPhone kwa bei ya nusu. Kampuni hiyo itasakinisha programu ambayo inaruhusu watoto kuarifu mwalimu wao wakati hawasikii vizuri au wanahitaji kutumia bafuni, programu hii inawaruhusu kuwasiliana na mwalimu bila kuinua mikono yao. Aibu ya kujisumbua mwenyewe wakati lazima upite potty ni jambo la zamani, na apple inaongoza njia. Ushauri wa kampuni ya Futuresource, kampuni ya utafiti imeunga mkono wazo limetoa na linataka kutoa michango 35,000 ya iPhone na Apple MacOS mifumo ya kufanya kazi kwa mwaka mzima kote Amerika	Fake
Technology	Wavu ya Amazon inaongeza data ya ununuzi ya kimbilio kujua kile unachotaka	Baada ya miaka ya utafiti wa kina na ukusanyaji wa data huko Amazon, Idara yao ya AI sasa imeendeleza programu ya ununuzi ya utambuzi Kwa kutumia mwelekeo wa ununuzi wa mamilioni ya Wamarekani, huduma mpya ya Amazon itabiri mahitaji yako, na uwasilishaji wa wakati ili kuzuia kazi kubwa ya kuagiza yako mwenyewe bidhaa. Kukimbia kwa tishu za choo itakuwa shida ya zamani, hakikisha tu kuangalia kwa vifurushi kabla ya kufanya safari. Katika mji mdogo wa Amazon Cincinnati, drones za Ohio zitatolewa hivi karibuni katika wimbi jipya la PAP (Ununuzi wa Moja kwa Moja Unaotambuliwa) sio tu kutabiri wakati utahitaji bidhaa, lakini pia kutumia drones kuifikisha.	Fake
Technology	Kujifunza Mashine Kufungua Njia Mpya za kusaidia Watu Walemavu	Sheria za CC zinahitaji vituo vya Televisheni kutoa maelezo mafupi ambayo yanaelezea hotuba, athari za sauti, na athari za watazamaji kama kucheka kwa viziwi na ngumu kusikia wasikilizaji. YouTube haiko chini ya sheria hizo, lakini shukrani kwa teknolojia ya kujifunza ya mashine ya Google, sasa inatoa msaada kama huo.	Legit
Technology	Nguvu ya jua .... Ngozi?	"Pamoja na maendeleo makubwa katika teknolojia aina mpya ya ngozi inayotumia umeme wa jua inaingia kwenye ulimwengu wa prosthetics. Watafiti wanaunda ngozi mpya smart ambayo inaweza ""kuhisi"" na sensorer zilizoingia. Inawezekana kuhisi tofauti za joto, shinikizo, na hata unyevunyevu na kuongeza hii mpya ya prosthetics. Sehemu ya ""jua"" ya teknolojia hii mpya huja wakati unapojaribu kuiweza. Timu ya utafiti kutoka Chuo Kikuu cha Glasgow nchini Uingereza imeandaa toleo la ngozi hii ya syntetisk ambayo inaunganisha nguvu ya jua. Lakini haimalizii hapo, wanaunda toleo ambalo linaweza kutumia nguvu kubwa kwa hivyo inaweza kutumika kuwasha vifaa vingine vya elektroniki. Shukrani kwa utafiti huu, sio tu wachungaji wa prosthetics watakaofaidika nayo, lakini ndivyo sisi sote na vifaa vyetu vya elektroniki tunavyopenda."	Fake
Technology	Twitter inaondoa zana za kuzuia usumbufu	"Katika taarifa ya ujasiri na Ed Ho, makamu wa rais wa uhandisi wa Twitter, ""Twitter haitaangaliwa tena kwa sababu ya maapulo mabaya machache"". Kwa miezi michache ijayo Twitter itakuwa ikiondoa zana za kupambana na unyanyasaji kutoka wavuti kuu na programu yake rasmi ya Twitter. Twitter itachambua tu unyanyasaji ambao huripotiwa moja kwa moja kutoka kwa watumiaji wake na hautatumia tena algorithms yoyote ya kompyuta 'kuchambua' kwa unyanyasaji."	Fake
Technology	Ajabu mpya ya iPhone iko hapa - na ni nyekundu	"Apple (AAPL, Tech30) ilifunua Jumanne toleo maalum la iPhone 7 na 7 Plus. Rangi mpya mpya ni zawadi kwa mwanzilishi wa Apple aliye marehemu Steve Jobs, ambaye alikufa mnamo 2011. Katika mahojiano na mwanzilishi mwenza Steve Wozniak, ilifunuliwa kuwa Jobs alikuwa akipenda sana rangi hiyo: ""Moja ya asili. Mistari ya Apple Computer ilikuwa ya rangi nyingi na nyekundu karibu na chini, kwa sababu alitaka iwe msingi. Hangeweza kukusikiliza hata kwenye mkutano wa wafanyikazi ikiwa haukuvaa nyekundu, ""Wozniak alisema. Simu zitakuja kwa mifano 256GB na 512GB na zitapatikana katika maduka na mkondoni kuanzia Ijumaa."	Fake
Technology	Super Mario Run hufanya leap kwa Android	Mchezo mahiri maarufu wa Super Mario Run sasa unapatikana kwa kucheza kwenye vifaa vya Android, Nintendo alisema Jumatano.	Legit
Technology	ATT inachapisha matangazo makubwa ya habari kwenye YouTube na tovuti za Google	"ATT inataka kuanza kampeni na kutangaza kwa ulimwengu kuwa wanaenda nje kwa biashara. Kampuni imeamua kuheshimu bora waliyoifanya na Verizon. Mchezo wa bet ni kwamba kwa tukio la Trump kushinda uchaguzi wangefunga biashara zao. Verizon mpinzani aliiambia USA Leo kwamba, ""ilikuwa bet mbaya lakini ndivyo njia cookie inavyomguna wakati mwingine na wanahitaji kuheshimu bet ya awali na kufunga milango yao mara moja."""	Fake
Technology	Mkutano wa mchezo wa Nintendo Badilisha ili kuzindua Machi kwa 299	Mkusanyiko wa mchezo wa video wa Nintendo Kubadilisha utauza kwa takriban 260 huko Japan, kuanzia Machi 3, tarehe hiyo hiyo kama utangulizi wake wa kimataifa huko Amerika na Ulaya. Kampuni ya Kijapani inaahidi kifaa kitajaa vitu vya kufurahisha vya mashine zake zote za zamani na zaidi. Nintendo anaahidi uzoefu wa kuzama zaidi, unaovutia na Swichi, pamoja na kucheza mtandaoni na kutumia mtawala wa mbali katika michezo ambayo haiitaji wachezaji kuwa wakitazama maonyesho kila wakati.	Legit
Technology	Samsung Galaxy Kumbuka 7 imepigwa marufuku kwenye ndege zote za Amerika kwa sababu ya hatari ya moto	Simu za Samsung Galaxy Kumbuka 7 zitapigwa marufuku kutoka kwa ndege zote za ndege baada ya matukio karibu 100 ya vifaa vya kuwasha na wakati mwingine kuwadhuru wamiliki, Idara ya Usafiri ilitangaza Ijumaa.	Legit
Technology	Amazon kutoa simu za bajeti ya bure.	"Katika harakati mpya ya kuchukua sehemu ya soko mbali na wabebaji wakubwa wa simu, Amazon ilitangaza Alhamisi walikuwa wanapeana simu za bajeti kwa Wabunge Wakuu wa Amazon. Kwa kuongezea simu kutolewa, Amazon walisema wanaongeza simu zaidi kwenye simu yao ya bajeti. Wakuu wakuu wa Amazon sasa wataweza kupokea simu bila malipo na wanaweza kuagiza mapema Alhamisi. Hoja hii italipwa kwa sehemu kwa kuweka matangazo kwenye matangazo ya skrini ya simu bidhaa na huduma za Amazon. ""Lengo letu ni kutawala ulimwengu na kuweka mikono yetu katika kila nyanja ya biashara. Sasa wateja wanaweza kuwa na mawasiliano yao yote, ununuzi, na mahitaji ya burudani katika ncha ya mikono yao, yote yametimia na Amazon"", alielezea Mkurugenzi Mtendaji wa Amazon Jeff Bezos ."	Fake
Technology	Wawe na mwanga: Wanasayansi wa Ujerumani wanapima 'jua la bandia'	"Wanasayansi nchini Ujerumani walirusha swichi hiyo Alhamisi juu ya kile kinachoelezewa kama ""jua kubwa bandia duniani,"" kifaa wanachotumai kitasaidia kuangazia njia mpya za kutengeneza mafuta-ya joto."	Legit
Technology	Không có mối đe dọa mới dẫn đến giới hạn máy tính xách tay hàng không, các quan chức nói	Các quan chức Hoa Kỳ và Anh cho biết hôm thứ ba quyết định cấm máy tính xách tay và máy tính bảng từ cabin của một số chuyến bay quốc tế không dựa trên bất kỳ mối đe dọa cụ thể nào mà là mối lo ngại từ lâu về những kẻ khủng bố nhắm vào máy bay phản lực.	Legit
Technology	Máy bay không người lái Amazon Prime Air hoàn thành giao hàng công cộng đầu tiên tại Hoa Kỳ	Amazon Prime Air cho biết hôm thứ Năm họ đã xuất xưởng gói đầu tiên ra công chúng tại Mỹ trong tuần này, đánh dấu một bước tiến nhỏ khác hướng tới mục tiêu lấp đầy bầu trời bằng máy bay không người lái giao hàng.	Legit
Technology	Yahoo từ chối vi phạm dữ liệu từ tài khoản 500 triệu	"Trong khi nhiều cơ quan báo chí đang báo cáo hành vi trộm cắp tài trợ của nhà nước đối với 500 triệu tài khoản người dùng từ mạng Yahoo, Yahoo đã phủ nhận hành vi vi phạm đã xảy ra. ""Chúng tôi khen ngợi các đối tác truyền thông của chúng tôi vì trí tưởng tượng sáng tạo và rộng lớn của họ"", một phát ngôn viên của Yahoo nói, ""nhưng tất cả các tài khoản người dùng đều được bảo mật vì không có vi phạm nào xảy ra."" Thông tin bị đánh cắp được báo cáo bao gồm tên, địa chỉ E-Mail, ngày sinh, số điện thoại và thông tin mật khẩu. Bất kể tuyên bố của Yahoo, nhiều chuyên gia khuyên rằng người dùng internet có tài khoản Yahoo đặt lại mật khẩu của họ và cho phép xác thực hai yếu tố ngay lập tức."	Fake
Technology	Netflix đang thử nghiệm nút 'Bỏ qua giới thiệu' và người xem thích nó	"Không còn phải xem cùng một bài hát giới thiệu dài một phút và ghi có trước mỗi tập của ""Orange là màu đen mới"". Netflix đã nói với CNNMoney hôm thứ Sáu rằng một số thành viên Netflix gần đây đã bắt đầu thấy nút ""Skip Intro"" khi phát trực tuyến, nhưng sẽ không nói khi nào nó xuất hiện lần đầu tiên."	Legit
Technology	ATT lấy quảng cáo từ YouTube, các trang web khác của Google	"ATT không muốn tên của nó hiển thị bên cạnh các video quảng cáo không khoan dung và ghét. Do đó, nhà mạng vào thứ Tư cho biết họ đang rút quảng cáo từ YouTube và các ""nền tảng không tìm kiếm"" khác của Google."	Legit
Technology	Facebook Messenger đang loại bỏ Emoji	Facebook đã thông báo rằng do sự thành công của biểu tượng cảm xúc và cách chúng được công nhận rộng rãi, Facebook đã chọn thực hiện bước đi táo bạo là xóa tất cả các biểu tượng cảm xúc. Facebook nói rằng phản ứng từ công chúng đã được hỗ trợ đầy đủ vì các khuôn mặt biểu tượng cảm xúc đã thay thế cho giao tiếp bằng lời nói và cảm xúc bằng văn bản. Việc không thể hiện nỗi buồn hay hạnh phúc đang biến con người thành một trạng thái giống như robot catatonic và Facebook quan tâm đến người dùng của mình và muốn bắt đầu giúp mọi người thể hiện lại bản thân mà không cần đến cái nạng của biểu tượng cảm xúc.	Fake
Technology	Google cho phép người dùng chia sẻ vị trí của họ trong ứng dụng bản đồ	Google của Alphabet Inc đã công bố vào thứ Tư rằng họ sẽ tân trang lại ứng dụng bản đồ phổ biến của mình để cho phép người dùng chia sẻ địa điểm của họ, nhằm tăng cường sự tham gia vào một sản phẩm có tầm quan trọng chiến lược đối với gã khổng lồ tìm kiếm.	Legit
Technology	Học máy mở ra những cách mới để giúp mọi người trong tù	Các quy tắc CC sử dụng công nghệ để giúp hàng triệu người thưởng thức truyền hình và các định dạng phương tiện khác. Nhờ công nghệ máy học của Google, các tù nhân sẽ có thể sử dụng các công nghệ này .. YouTube đã sử dụng phần mềm nói thành văn bản sẽ được sử dụng trong một số nhà tù trên toàn quốc. Các tù nhân khiếm thính rất phấn khích khi nghe về các công nghệ CC đang được triển khai, nhưng nhiều người nộp thuế đã phản đối ý tưởng này.	Fake
Technology	Amazon có nhiều điện thoại ngân sách để bán cho bạn	Lấy một số điện thoại ngân sách. Giảm giá của họ thậm chí nhiều hơn. Voila - bạn đã có một hit khác trên Amazon.	Legit
Technology	Super Mario Run rời khỏi cửa hàng ứng dụng	Super Mario Run nổi tiếng một thời sẽ được đưa ra khỏi cửa hàng ứng dụng Google play và apple vào thứ Sáu. Nintendo nói rằng ngay sau khi phát hành, công chúng đã ngừng tải xuống trò chơi khi những người chơi hiện tại đã lan truyền rằng để chơi toàn bộ trò chơi, bạn phải mua ứng dụng. Người hâm mộ Nintendo và Mario kinh hoàng rằng Nintendo sẽ phát hành một trò chơi miễn phí và sau đó tính phí để chơi nó. Nintendo cho biết họ sẽ đưa trò chơi trở lại bảng vẽ và thử và phát hành phiên bản miễn phí sau đó.	Fake
Technology	Yahoo tiết lộ vi phạm dữ liệu lớn từ tài khoản 500 triệu	"Cổng thông tin web nổi tiếng Yahoo hôm nay cho biết họ tin rằng một ""diễn viên được nhà nước bảo trợ"" đã đánh cắp thông tin liên quan đến khoảng 500 triệu tài khoản người dùng từ mạng của họ vào cuối năm 2014."	Legit
Technology	Cấm cho người dùng tay phải	Chính phủ Mỹ đang tạm thời cấm hành khách trên các chuyến bay rời khỏi trong 2 tuần tới. Chính phủ sẽ xác định những người thuận tay trái từ những năm tám mươi bằng cách nhanh chóng ném một quả bóng vào những hành khách không ngờ tới. Do phản xạ nhanh là bắt buộc, bàn tay chiếm ưu thế của người đó sẽ được hiển thị và tiết lộ. Lý do cho lệnh cấm này không rõ ràng ngay lập tức và các quan chức sẽ không bình luận. Một quan chức thứ hai tuyên bố rằng đó sẽ chỉ là một sự bất tiện tạm thời và cố gắng hy vọng tất cả những người liên quan sẽ kiên nhẫn.	Fake
Technology	Netflix đang thử nghiệm quảng cáo và người xem đang ghét nó	"Trong nỗ lực tạo thêm doanh thu và giữ giá thấp hàng tháng, Netflix đang thử nghiệm thêm quảng cáo vào các luồng của nó. Người phát ngôn của Netflix Smita Saran cho biết tính năng này là một trong ""hàng trăm"" thử nghiệm AB mà công ty tiến hành mỗi năm để thử các tính năng mới. ""Nếu chúng tôi đi theo con đường này, chúng tôi có kế hoạch triển khai nút 'Bỏ qua thương mại' sẽ được bật nếu người dùng trả thêm 3 'Phí bỏ qua quảng cáo'. Mặc dù chúng tôi hiểu rằng nhiều người xem của chúng tôi yêu thích Netflix vì thiếu của quảng cáo, chúng tôi cảm thấy đây là một lựa chọn tốt để bù đắp chi phí nội dung tăng cao."	Fake
Technology	Đó là chính thức của Bert và Ernie của Sesame Street nổi tiếng đã kết hôn Buổi lễ đáng yêu có nhiều người hâm mộ của họ và nó đã được ghi lại và được cho là được chia sẻ trực tuyến cho những người không thể tham dự. YouTube cho rằng trẻ em không thích hợp để xem mặc dù đó là những đứa trẻ đã xem những ví dụ tuyệt vời về tình yêu và sự chấp nhận từ Bert và Ernie trong suốt nhiều năm chúng ở trên TV. Chúng tôi đều chúc họ những điều tốt đẹp nhất và một cuộc sống hạnh phúc lâu dài cùng nhau. Chúng tôi muốn điều tương tự cho tất cả bạn bè của chúng tôi.	Câu lạc bộ Liverpool đã phải thuê một máy bay phản lực tư nhân để đưa Philippe Coutinho và Roberto Firmino ra khỏi Brazil để kịp trở lại trận derby vùng Mershireide ở Anh. Cặp đôi rõ ràng có liên quan đến một số loại tấn công ở Nam Mỹ, và có thể đã bị giam giữ ở Brazil nếu câu lạc bộ của họ không bước vào để quét sạch họ ra khỏi đất nước. Tập đoàn thể thao Fenway, chủ sở hữu quyền lực cao của Liverpool, dường như đã bí mật sắp xếp chuyến bay khiến các chàng trai của họ thoát khỏi rắc rối và rời khỏi thị trấn, nhanh chóng. Đây là mong muốn cặp đôi chiến đấu hết mình trên sân chơi	Fake
Technology	Quốc hội có kế hoạch lấy đi sự riêng tư của bạn.	Đảng Cộng hòa luôn nghĩ mọi người phải có nhiều quyền riêng tư. Quyền riêng tư là điều duy nhất ngăn họ tiếp quản đất nước. Verizon, comcast và ATT hiện đang sở hữu đại hội và là đối tác bí mật. Các công ty viễn thông hiện đang sở hữu đại hội và nếu họ có được thông tin về bạn, họ có thể đưa bạn vào các trại tử thần. Điều này là không thể trong thời kỳ cai trị của obama nhưng bây giờ các nước cộng hòa kiểm soát chính phủ thì điều đó sẽ xảy ra. Hành động này được cải thiện bởi Donald Trump.	Fake
Technology		Toyota hợp tác với Microsoft để mang lại nhận dạng giọng nói cho ô tô	Legit
Technology	Bộ phương tiện cơ giới của California phá vỡ những chiếc xe tự động.	"Sau sự gia tăng gần đây trong các vụ tai nạn tự động, DMV California đang bổ sung các khoản phí và phí dịch vụ mới cho người dùng xe tự động. Những khoản phí này nhằm giúp đỡ các gia đình của nạn nhân Mansl Tự động Xe lửa tự động và tài trợ cho các khoản phí pháp lý do nhà nước gây ra do kiện tụng từ các trường hợp thương tích tự động. Việc thiếu trách nhiệm cá nhân đã gây ra vô số nhầm lẫn cho các nhà lập pháp địa phương khi đặt câu hỏi sáng chói, ""chúng ta kiện ai?"""	Fake
Technology	NASA tìm thấy nước lỏng trên sao Hỏa	"Nước lỏng có thể đã được phát hiện trên Sao Hỏa. Michael Malin, điều tra viên trưởng của tàu vũ trụ Mars Global Surveyor, tuyên bố rằng họ có thể tìm thấy những vũng nước lỏng nhỏ trên bề mặt dựa trên những hình ảnh gần đây. ""Đây là một bước nhảy vọt đáng kinh ngạc của NASA, cuối cùng chúng ta đã có thể tìm thấy chén thánh của sự sống trên một hành tinh khác."" Malin và đồng nghiệp Ken Edgett sẽ đưa ra tuyên bố chính thức trực tiếp trên NASA.com sau khi tất cả các thông tin đã được xem xét và phê duyệt. Edgett bình luận: ""Điều này có thể chứng minh rằng sự sống có thể ở những nơi khác trong hệ mặt trời của chúng ta."" Nhân viên của chúng tôi rất vui mừng về khả năng phát hiện hoành tráng này và sẽ xuất bản thêm thông tin khi có sẵn."	Fake
Technology	_ Thực phẩm có thể tăng cường sản xuất bánh burger được trồng trong phòng thí nghiệm	Thật không dễ dàng để đắm mình vào một trong những chiếc hamburger không thịt được trồng trong phòng thí nghiệm của Impossible Food. Rốt cuộc, bạn chỉ có thể lấy chúng tại tám nhà hàng ở Mỹ.	Legit
Technology	Theo dõi YouTube, ATT, Verizon có thể lấy hầu hết quảng cáo của họ từ Google	Sau khi quảng cáo của họ xuất hiện bên cạnh nội dung cực đoan trên YouTube, các công ty viễn thông ATT và Verizon cho biết họ sẽ rút quảng cáo của họ khỏi trang web video. Nhưng bụi phóng xạ có thể đi xa hơn là YouTube.	Legit
Technology	YouTube tự động hóa chú thích hiệu ứng âm thanh với AI	"YouTube đã sử dụng các thuật toán để tự động tạo chú thích trong tám năm nay trong nỗ lực làm cho hàng tỷ video của nó dễ tiếp cận hơn đối với người khiếm thính và khó nghe. Mặc dù ban đầu tính năng này khá thô, nhưng nó đã cải thiện đáng kể theo thời gian, ngày càng ""gần hơn với tỷ lệ lỗi sao chép của con người"", Google cho biết trong blog của nhà phát triển. Tuy nhiên, vì lời nói chỉ là một phần của hình ảnh âm thanh, YouTube đã đưa ra chú thích hiệu ứng âm thanh tự động lần đầu tiên."	Legit
Technology	Thiết bị điện thoại kiểm tra khả năng sinh sản của nam giới với độ chính xác 98%, nghiên cứu cho thấy	Một nghiên cứu mới cho thấy một tập tin đính kèm điện thoại thông minh mới có thể đánh giá tinh dịch của một người đàn ông và xác định mức sinh của anh ta với độ chính xác lên tới 98%, một nghiên cứu mới đã chỉ ra.	Legit
Technology	Instagram thêm xác thực tương lai, nhận dạng khuôn mặt và DNA cảm ứng	Instagram đã bổ sung một số tính năng tương lai để chấm dứt hoàn toàn việc tin tặc có thể truy cập tài khoản. Giờ đây, mỗi người dùng sẽ gửi DNA lên Instagram cùng với ảnh hộ chiếu để mở tài khoản truy cập mới vào tài khoản cũ hoặc hiện có. Twitter, Facebook và Google sẽ bổ sung cùng một giao thức bảo mật trong tương lai gần.	Fake
Technology	Thông tin mới cho thấy ISIS gian lận pin máy tính xách tay để gây nổ trên máy bay	"Hôm thứ ba, tình báo Hoa Kỳ và Anh đã trích dẫn thông tin tình báo rằng các tân binh ISIS đã được đào tạo để biến máy tính xách tay và máy tính bảng thành các thiết bị nổ sử dụng pin của thiết bị làm cò nổ. Chất nổ mới không thể phát hiện được bằng cách sử dụng các biện pháp phòng ngừa an ninh tại các sân bay lớn. Thông minh cho biết các thiết bị nổ phải được kích hoạt bằng tay trong chuyến bay. Trích dẫn mối đe dọa này đối với khách du lịch hàng không, các quan chức Mỹ và Anh tuyên bố vào thứ ba về việc cấm các thiết bị điện tử như máy tính xách tay và máy tính bảng mang theo hành lý trên các chuyến bay từ tất cả các quốc gia. ""Lệnh cấm sẽ được áp dụng cho đến khi chúng tôi tìm ra cách để hành lý thú y đúng cách"", Tổng thống Donald Trump tuyên bố."	Fake
Technology	Alexa của Amazon thêm Prime Now vào mua sắm bằng giọng nói	Hết giấy vệ sinh sẽ không bao giờ trở lại như cũ.	Legit
Technology	Wells Fargo cố gắng giành quyền kiểm soát tiền của bạn - Wells Fargo đã bắt đầu đưa vào hoạt động nhằm mục đích kiểm soát chi tiêu của người tiêu dùng. Vào thứ Hai, nó đã bắt đầu tung ra một chương trình nhằm giảm lượng người sử dụng tiền tệ vật chất. Bằng cách buộc khách hàng của mình chỉ sử dụng tiền kỹ thuật số, ngân hàng hy vọng sẽ trở thành trọng tài về thời gian và địa điểm có thể chi tiêu. Không giống như tiền tệ vật chất truyền thống, các giao dịch được thực hiện kỹ thuật số cần có sự cho phép từ ngân hàng nắm giữ tiền. Do đó, liệu tiền của bạn có thể được chi tiêu hay không và dựa trên quyết định của ngân hàng. Nhưng đó không chỉ là Wells Fargo đi theo hướng này. Chính phủ Hoa Kỳ từ lâu đã thúc đẩy các ngân hàng di chuyển theo hướng này. Bằng cách đó, chính phủ hy vọng sẽ đạt được đòn bẩy lớn hơn của người dân. Không có gì bí mật rằng các sở cảnh sát đã chiếm giữ các tài khoản ngân hàng và tiền mà không có bất kỳ quy trình đúng hạn nào. Nhưng nếu tất cả các loại tiền tệ được số hóa, chính phủ sẽ không chỉ có thể thu giữ mỗi khi bạn sở hữu mà họ còn có thể ngăn bạn kiếm thêm tiền bằng mọi cách. Chính phủ về cơ bản sẽ có được khả năng tự ý áp dụng án tử hình đối với một công dân bằng cách ngăn chặn họ tham gia vào thương mại. Wells Fargo sẽ đạt được điều này bởi vì nếu tất cả tiền là kỹ thuật số, thì tất cả tiền phải thuộc về một ngân hàng. Đây chỉ là bước đầu tiên hướng tới một người Mỹ độc đoán hơn.	Các quy tắc CC sử dụng công nghệ để giúp hàng triệu người thưởng thức truyền hình và các định dạng phương tiện khác. Nhờ công nghệ máy học của Google, các tù nhân sẽ có thể sử dụng các công nghệ này .. YouTube đã sử dụng phần mềm nói thành văn bản sẽ được sử dụng trong một số nhà tù trên toàn quốc. Các tù nhân khiếm thính rất phấn khích khi nghe về các công nghệ CC đang được triển khai, nhưng nhiều người nộp thuế đã phản đối ý tưởng này.	Fake
Technology	Wells Fargo giới thiệu các máy ATM không thẻ trên khắp Hoa Kỳ trong việc đẩy kỹ thuật số	Bắt đầu từ thứ Hai, những người gửi tiền của Wells Fargo Co có thể rút tiền bằng điện thoại thông minh tại bất kỳ máy ATM có thương hiệu nào, dấu hiệu mới nhất của những người cho vay ở Hoa Kỳ chuyển khỏi ngân hàng truyền thống truyền thống.	Legit
Technology	Tỷ lệ lỗi không phần trăm của YouTube đối với chú thích hiệu ứng âm thanh	Trong hơn 15 năm, YouTube đã sử dụng các thuật toán để tự động tạo chú thích cho người khiếm thính. Các chú thích đã hoạt động trơn tru ngay từ đầu và luôn có tỷ lệ lỗi không phần trăm, theo các nhà phát triển Google. Youtube, trong vài năm, cũng cung cấp chú thích hiệu ứng âm thanh. Nó có thể đánh vần các âm thanh như tiếng vỗ tay, âm nhạc, tiếng cười, ngân nga, hắt hơi và bất kỳ âm thanh nào khác trên video YouTube.	Fake
Technology	NASA thử nghiệm động cơ tên lửa cho nhiệm vụ sao Hỏa trong tương lai	NASA đã thử nghiệm một phần tên lửa có khả năng đưa con người lên Sao Hỏa tại Trung tâm Vũ trụ Stennis ở Mississippi vào ngày 23 tháng 3. Các động cơ sẽ cung cấp năng lượng cho tên lửa Hệ thống phóng không gian (SLS) mới của cơ quan trong các nhiệm vụ không gian sâu trong tương lai.	Legit
Technology	Google Maps có thể cho bạn bè biết chính xác bạn đang ở đâu	Nếu bạn đã từng cố gắng gặp gỡ bạn bè tại một khu vực rộng lớn như Công viên Trung tâm hoặc Công viên Cổng Vàng, bạn sẽ biết rằng thật khó để tìm ra địa điểm chính xác nơi họ đang đi chơi.	Legit
Technology	Quốc hội chuyển sang tấn công các quy tắc bảo mật Internet từ thời đại Obama	WASHINGTON - Các thượng nghị sĩ đảng Cộng hòa đã di chuyển hôm thứ Năm để dỡ bỏ các biện pháp bảo vệ quyền riêng tư trên internet cho người tiêu dùng trong cuộc đình công quyết định đầu tiên chống lại các quy định công nghệ và viễn thông được tạo ra trong thời gian của chính quyền Obama và là người báo trước việc bãi bỏ quy định tiếp theo.	Legit
Technology	Vespa lâu đời nhất trên thế giới liên quan đến tai nạn xe hơi	"Bạn có thể nhớ chiếc xe Vespa cổ điển như chiếc Audrey Hepburn đã lái vòng quanh Rome. Vào thứ bảy, chiếc Vespa cũ nhất còn lại trong tay nhà sưu tập John Grimes đã gặp tai nạn trong khi chủ sở hữu đang thực hiện một cuộc chạy bảo dưỡng chiếc xe . Vâng, chiếc xe cổ điển đã được duy trì trong điều kiện chạy tất cả những năm này. Chiếc xe tay ga từ ""Dòng O"" của Piaggio với số sê-ri 1003 đã bị một người lái mô tô bướng bỉnh đâm vào, do đó mang lại kết thúc cho cuộc sống lâu dài của chiếc xe cổ điển."	Fake
Technology	Thiết bị định vị GPS sẽ được cấy vào công dân Nepal	Nepal sẽ cấy thiết bị định vị GPS vào cánh tay phải của tất cả công dân sống quanh khu vực Núi Everest. Một quan chức cho biết vào sáng thứ Hai rằng với sự phổ biến của khách du lịch leo lên đỉnh Everest, người ta lo lắng rằng người dân địa phương sẽ cố gắng bắt cóc hoặc cướp những khách du lịch này. Đây là bước đầu tiên trong nỗ lực theo dõi công dân không chỉ vì sự an toàn của khách du lịch mà còn vì sự an toàn của chính công dân. Họ sẽ thực hiện chính sách mới này trong 2 năm tới và bất kỳ ai từ chối sẽ được yêu cầu rời khỏi đất nước.	Fake
Technology	Thử nghiệm xe tự lái Uber tiếp tục ba ngày sau khi gặp sự cố	Những chiếc xe tự lái của Uber Technologies Inc. đã quay trở lại trên đường công cộng vào thứ Hai, ba ngày sau khi một vụ tai nạn ở Arizona khiến chương trình thử nghiệm của công ty bị đình trệ.	Legit
Technology	Một máy tính Google chiến thắng nhà vô địch 'Go' của thế giới	Vào thứ bảy, một máy tính Google đã giành chiến thắng thứ ba liên tiếp trước Lee Se-dol, nhà vô địch toàn cầu trị vì lâu đời của trò chơi cờ phức tạp nhất thế giới. Chiến thắng đó làm cho cỗ máy trở thành người chiến thắng rõ ràng trong một loạt năm trận hay nhất.	Legit
Technology	'Da' chạy bằng năng lượng mặt trời có thể làm cho chân giả trở nên thật hơn	Nhiều người cố gắng tránh ánh nắng mặt trời. Nhưng nếu một loại da điện tử chạy bằng năng lượng mặt trời mới xuất hiện trên chân giả, người đeo chắc chắn sẽ muốn những tia sáng đó chiếu vào tay chân họ.	Legit
Technology	NASA tìm thấy nước trên sao Hỏa	Trong một khám phá đột phá, các nhà thiên văn học của NASA tuyên bố hôm nay họ đã tìm thấy bằng chứng mạnh mẽ cho thấy nước chảy trên bề mặt Sao Hỏa. Phát hiện này khiến nhiều khả năng sự sống có thể tồn tại hoặc có thể tồn tại trên hành tinh.	Legit
Technology	Hóa thạch ép xu hướng Smartwatch đã kết thúc	"Tập đoàn Fossil đang thừa nhận thất bại trong dòng smartwatch của mình. Công ty trước đây đã phát hành hơn 300 chiếc smartwatch mới, tạo ra doanh số mờ nhạt trong các cửa hàng bán lẻ của nó. Được trình bày với rất nhiều sự lựa chọn, khách hàng chỉ cần đi ra khỏi nhiều địa điểm Fossil thay vào đó để mua sắm trên Amazon cho một chiếc đồng hồ không thông minh giúp giữ thời gian chính xác hơn với một phần chi phí. Khi được hỏi về hiệu suất kém của các dòng smartwatch mới này, một phát ngôn viên của Fossil đã trả lời: ""Sau khi hoàn thành nghiên cứu thị trường rộng rãi, chúng tôi đã nhận ra rằng việc phát hành 300 chiếc smartwatch mới trong năm 2017 có lẽ là quá nhiều."" Các thương hiệu như Diesel, Emporio Armani, Fossil, Michael Kors và Misfit đều bị ảnh hưởng bởi sự sụt giảm trong việc mua smartwatch. Tất cả các đồng hồ chạy hệ điều hành Android Wear 2.0 mới và được trang bị chip Snapdragon Wear 2100. Ngay cả với màn hình AMOLED độ phân giải cao, khách hàng đã chọn các thiết bị giữ thời gian ít phức tạp hơn."	Fake
Technology	Apple cho biết trẻ em dưới 5 tuổi - Miễn phí trọn đời	Apple đang cam kết với Apple một ngày giúp bác sĩ tránh xa. Công ty đã cam kết cho phép mọi trẻ em Mỹ dưới 5 tuổi mua một chiếc iPhone với giá chỉ bằng một nửa. Công ty sẽ cài đặt một ứng dụng cho phép trẻ em cảnh báo giáo viên khi chúng cảm thấy không khỏe hoặc cần sử dụng phòng tắm, ứng dụng này cho phép chúng liên lạc với giáo viên mà không cần giơ tay. Sự bối rối của việc thu hút sự chú ý đến bản thân khi bạn phải đi vệ sinh là một điều của quá khứ, và táo đang dẫn đầu. Futuresource Consulting, một công ty nghiên cứu đã hỗ trợ ý tưởng đã đưa ra và muốn tặng 35.000 hệ điều hành iPhone và Apple MacOS cho đến nay trên toàn nước Mỹ	Fake
Technology	Alexa của Amazon bổ sung dữ liệu mua sắm ưu tiên để biết bạn muốn gì	Sau nhiều năm nghiên cứu và thu thập dữ liệu tại Amazon, bộ phận AI của họ đã phát triển phần mềm mua sắm nhận thức Sử dụng xu hướng mua sắm được tiêu chuẩn hóa của hàng triệu người Mỹ, dịch vụ mới của Amazon sẽ dự đoán nhu cầu của bạn và giao hàng thời gian để tránh nhiệm vụ khó khăn trong việc đặt hàng của riêng bạn các sản phẩm. Hết khăn giấy vệ sinh sẽ là một vấn đề của quá khứ, chỉ cần đảm bảo kiểm tra các gói trước khi bạn thực hiện chuyến đi. Tại quê hương Trung Quốc của Amazon, máy bay không người lái Ohio sẽ sớm được tung ra trong một làn sóng PAP mới (Mua hàng tự động nhận thức) không chỉ dự đoán thời gian bạn sẽ cần sản phẩm, mà còn sử dụng máy bay không người lái để cung cấp chúng	Fake
Technology	Học máy mở ra những cách mới để giúp đỡ người khuyết tật	Các quy tắc CC yêu cầu các đài truyền hình cung cấp các chú thích đóng để truyền tải lời nói, hiệu ứng âm thanh và phản ứng của khán giả như tiếng cười cho người điếc và người nghe khó nghe. YouTube không tuân theo các quy tắc đó, nhưng nhờ công nghệ máy học của Google, giờ đây nó cung cấp hỗ trợ tương tự.	Legit
Technology	Năng lượng mặt trời .... Da?	"Với những tiến bộ vượt bậc trong công nghệ, một loại da chạy bằng năng lượng mặt trời mới đang tiến vào thế giới của chân tay giả. Các nhà nghiên cứu đang phát triển một làn da thông minh mới có thể ""cảm nhận"" với các cảm biến nhúng. Có thể cảm thấy sự khác biệt về nhiệt độ, áp suất và thậm chí ẩm ướt với sự bổ sung mới này cho chân giả. Phần ""năng lượng mặt trời"" của công nghệ mới này xuất hiện khi cố gắng cung cấp năng lượng cho nó. Một nhóm nghiên cứu từ Đại học Glasgow ở Anh đã phát triển một phiên bản của loại da tổng hợp này khai thác sức mạnh của mặt trời. Nhưng nó không kết thúc ở đó, họ đang phát triển một phiên bản có thể khai thác một lượng điện năng lớn hơn để có thể sử dụng nó để cung cấp năng lượng cho các thiết bị điện tử khác. Nhờ nghiên cứu này, không chỉ những người đeo chân giả sẽ được hưởng lợi từ nó, mà tất cả chúng ta và các thiết bị điện tử yêu quý của chúng ta cũng vậy."	Fake
Technology	Twitter loại bỏ các công cụ chống troll	"Trong một tuyên bố táo bạo của Ed Ho, phó chủ tịch kỹ thuật của Twitter, ""Twitter sẽ không còn bị kiểm duyệt vì một vài quả táo xấu"". Trong vài tháng tới, Twitter sẽ gỡ bỏ các công cụ chống lạm dụng khỏi trang web chính và ứng dụng Twitter chính thức của nó. Twitter sẽ chỉ phân tích lạm dụng được báo cáo trực tiếp từ người dùng của mình và sẽ không còn sử dụng bất kỳ thuật toán máy tính nào để 'quét' để lạm dụng."	Fake
Technology	Một chiếc iPhone mới bất ngờ đang ở đây - và nó màu đỏ	"Apple (AAPL, Tech30) đã tiết lộ hôm thứ ba một phiên bản màu đỏ đặc biệt của iPhone 7 và 7 Plus. Màu sắc táo bạo mới là sự tôn vinh dành cho người sáng lập Apple, Steve Jobs, người đã qua đời năm 2011. Trong một cuộc phỏng vấn với người đồng sáng lập Steve Wozniak, người ta đã tiết lộ rằng Jobs luôn có niềm yêu thích đặc biệt với màu sắc: ""Một trong những bản gốc Logo của Apple Computer có nhiều màu đỏ ở gần đáy, vì anh ấy muốn nó làm nền tảng. Anh ấy thậm chí sẽ không lắng nghe bạn tại một cuộc họp nhân viên nếu bạn không mặc màu đỏ "", Wozniak nói. Các điện thoại sẽ có các model 256GB và 512GB và sẽ có sẵn trong các cửa hàng và trực tuyến bắt đầu từ thứ Sáu."	Fake
Technology	Super Mario Run tạo bước nhảy vọt cho Android	Trò chơi điện thoại thông minh Super Mario Run cực kỳ phổ biến hiện có sẵn để chơi trên các thiết bị Android, Nintendo cho biết hôm thứ Tư.	Legit
Technology	ATT đăng quảng cáo tin tức lớn Các trang web YouTube và Google	"ATT muốn bắt đầu một chiến dịch và thông báo với thế giới rằng họ sẽ phá sản. Công ty đã quyết định tôn vinh những gì tốt nhất họ đã làm với Verizon. Đặt cược là trong trường hợp Trump giành chiến thắng trong cuộc bầu cử, họ sẽ đóng cửa doanh nghiệp của họ. Đối thủ của Verizon nói với USA Today rằng ""đó là một vụ cá cược tồi tệ nhưng đó là cách mà đôi khi cookie vỡ vụn và họ cần phải tôn vinh vụ cá cược ban đầu và đóng cửa ngay lập tức."""	Fake
Technology	Bảng điều khiển trò chơi Nintendo Switch sẽ ra mắt vào tháng 3 với giá 299	Bảng điều khiển trò chơi video Nintendo Switch sẽ được bán với giá khoảng 260 tại Nhật Bản, bắt đầu từ ngày 3 tháng 3, cùng ngày với việc giới thiệu toàn cầu tại Mỹ và Châu Âu. Công ty Nhật Bản hứa hẹn thiết bị sẽ được tích hợp nhiều tính năng thú vị của tất cả các máy trước đây và hơn thế nữa. Nintendo hứa hẹn sẽ có trải nghiệm tương tác sâu sắc hơn với Switch, bao gồm chơi trực tuyến và sử dụng bộ điều khiển từ xa trong các trò chơi không yêu cầu người chơi phải liên tục nhìn chằm chằm vào màn hình.	Legit
Technology	Samsung Galaxy Note 7 bị cấm trên tất cả các chuyến bay ở Mỹ do nguy cơ hỏa hoạn	Điện thoại Samsung Galaxy Note 7 sẽ bị cấm trong tất cả các chuyến bay của hãng hàng không sau gần 100 sự cố của thiết bị quá nóng và đôi khi làm chủ sở hữu bị thương, Bộ Giao thông Vận tải đã công bố hôm thứ Sáu.	Legit
Technology	Amazon tặng điện thoại ngân sách miễn phí.	"Trong một động thái mới để kéo thị phần ra khỏi các nhà mạng điện thoại lớn, Amazon tuyên bố hôm thứ Năm họ đang tặng điện thoại ngân sách cho các thành viên Amazon Prime. Ngoài việc cho đi điện thoại, Amazon cho biết họ đang bổ sung thêm nhiều điện thoại vào dòng điện thoại ngân sách của mình. Các thành viên chính của Amazon giờ đây sẽ có thể nhận điện thoại miễn phí và có thể đặt hàng trước bắt đầu từ thứ Năm. Động thái này sẽ được thanh toán một phần bằng cách đặt quảng cáo trên màn hình điện thoại quảng cáo thêm các sản phẩm và dịch vụ của Amazon. ""Mục đích của chúng tôi là thống trị thế giới và đặt tay vào mọi khía cạnh của thương mại. Giờ đây, khách hàng có thể có tất cả các nhu cầu liên lạc, mua sắm và giải trí của họ, tất cả đều được Amazon đáp ứng"", CEO Jeff Bezos lưu ý ."	Fake
Technology	Hãy để có ánh sáng: các nhà khoa học Đức thử nghiệm 'mặt trời nhân tạo'	"Các nhà khoa học ở Đức đã bật công tắc vào thứ năm về thứ được mô tả là ""mặt trời nhân tạo lớn nhất thế giới"", một thiết bị mà họ hy vọng sẽ giúp làm sáng tỏ những cách mới để tạo ra nhiên liệu thân thiện với khí hậu."	Legit