Domain	Topic	News	Label
Politics	Clinton's emotional concession: This is 'painful and will be for a long time'	"Hillary Clinton ended her historic presidential campaign Wednesday, saying it is ""painful and will be for a long time,"" as she urged for a peaceful transfer of power."	Legit
Politics	Friedman confirmed as U.S. ambassador to Israel	President Donald Trump's choice for ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, was confirmed by the Senate on Thursday, overcoming strong opposition from Democrats.	Legit
Politics	"The U.S. Supreme court has done the unthinkable! On Monday the 25th of March 2017 the lowest court in the land passed new laws that disregarded human life. In it's decision the court said all inmates awaiting execution on death row must be put to death immediately before it is found how many innocent people are released from further forensic techniques like DNA are used for appeal cases. Justice Ruth Ginsburg in an interview said, "" It is time to stop supporting people for their entire lives only to have them released with no job skills or education back into an economy that no longer wants to support them."""	"""Michelle Pfeiffer"" is now enjoying lots of free time nowadays. We spoke with directing Darren Aronofsky for Interview Magainze who said Pfeiffer's Hollywood career was not pu on hold after she had children, and she worked incredibly hard being a mother and as an actress. But now that they've grown up, she's decided that she needs a long vacation. ""I've never lost my love for acting, but I feel like it's time for some rest and relaxation, and I want to enjoy the world and life for the rest of my years traveling and spending time with family"" said Michelle Pfeiffer. Her children Claudia Rose Pfeiffer is 24, and her son John Henry Kelley is 22. This year, Michelle Pfeiffer won't star in any television shows or films. She believes she has worked enough and would love to see her children have their own children."	Fake
Politics	US leads boycott of UN talks to ban nuclear weapons	United Nations, New York (CNN)US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley announced Monday that the United States and almost 40 other nations would not participate in the first-ever talks on an international treaty to ban nuclear weapons.	Legit
Politics	Texas Must Broaden Death-Penalty Exemption, High Court Says	A divided U.S. Supreme Court said Texas must broaden its death-penalty exemption for people who are intellectually disabled, ruling that the state was violating the Constitution by using outdated medical standards.	Legit
Politics	CNN - Washington Intelligence has learned through very credible sources that the Russians have perfected ways to control President Trump through electronic devices. They are small battery packs that can be slipped into his suit pockets or even as small as a hearing aid or a watch battery that can be placed almost anywhere. They are using electronic signals that have subliminal messages that only the President can hear. Their agenda is clear and the CIA and FBI are monitoring this situation. We do know that Jarred Kushner and Ivanka are secret operatives and are helping to carry this through.	At a Trump rally the industry leaders Comcast to Verizon and to AT&T announced that they would ban together to permanently shut down the internet for Trump supports. Silicon Valley has declared that the wave of Trump supports should create their own internet and build a wall around that. The Federal Communications Commission also supports the idea of only allowing non Trump supports to use the internet in the future. The rules have been up for grabs and the leaders are making claims that make sense to most people and hav e a majority of support from the public. The bias in the country needs to be confronted and it is starting in Silicon Valley California.	Fake
Politics	Melania Trump hires communications director	(CNN)First lady Melania Trump is tapping a key member of the White House communications staff for her East Wing team -- deputy press secretary Stephanie Grisham will serve as the first lady's communications director, the White House announced Monday.	Legit
Politics	Why the Green Party Candidate Jill Stein wants Trump more than Clinton in the White House	"The presidential candidate for the Green Party, Jill Stein, says she is in love with Donald Trump. Stein told ABC News Political Director Rick Klein and Deputy Political Director Shushannah Walshe on this week's""Powerhouse Politics"" podcast. ""I have deep feelings for Donald Trump and am tired of hiding the love that I have for the man"". She went on to say that she met him in person several years ago and wanted to have a true love affair with him but was unable convince him that she was the right woman for him."	Fake
Politics	Hillary Clinton's Team to Join Wisconsin Recount Pushed by Jill Stein	WASHINGTON - Nearly three weeks after Election Day, Hillary Clinton's campaign said on Saturday that it would participate in a recount process in Wisconsin incited by a third-party candidate and would join any potential recounts in two other closely contested states, Pennsylvania and Michigan.	Legit
Politics	H-1B - You're Fired!	"Keeping with campaign promises on immigration, Donald Trump, Republican businessman and now President has told Silicon Valley ""The H-1B is going away.  It just is.  It's not good for America, it's not good for Americans.  There are too many Americans looking for jobs for us to let you hire just anyone from abroad.""  Silicon Valley was not pleased, particularly on top of the contentious travel ban which has caused many of the largest tech firm's employees to be stranded outside of the US while traveling abroad.  Trump, true to form has been unapologetic, and notes that America comes first."	Fake
Politics	Trump calls Democrats 'losers' after GOP health bill failure	President Donald Trump spoke out Friday afternoon after Republicans pulled the Obamacare overhaul he had endorsed, criticizing Democratic opposition to the bill and passing off the responsibility for its failure.	Legit
Politics	"Ellison: Democrats ""gloating"" over Republican misfortunes"	"Washington (CNN) Democratic lawmakers say they are ""gloating"" over their Republican counterparts' failure to repeal Obamacare, Rep. Keith Ellison said Monday. Speaking on CNN's ""New Day"" with Chris Cuomo, the Minnesota Democrat and deputy chairman of the Democratic National Committee said he and his party find it hilarious that Republicans still expect them to cooperate on issues like drug prices, infrastructure and tax reform. ""If the Republicans are finally forced to acknowledge that they are bamboozling the American people and that their leader is a psychopathic clown who makes cooperation of any kind impossible, I think that's a good thing,"" Ellison said."	Fake
Politics	Trump friendlier in person?	"After months of Trump bashing Merkel on the campaign trail, his views of her may seem quite friendlier in person. Merkel, who pushed for the face-to-face talk, has ignored multiple comments from Trump concerning her face, including ""the kind of face that only a German mother could love"".  Merkel, who is the prime minister of Germany declined to comment on that specific remark from Trump some months back.  Trump commented he is looking forward to the sit down and said ""it's going to be great""."	Fake
Politics	Pence: Obamacare here until Congress is ready	"VP Mike Pence noted that Congress ""just can't get their act together"" and was not ready to repeal Obamacare. Pence, with atypical wit noted that perhaps Congress needed the mafia, or some other strong armed approach to get it together, and repeal the law which is unpopular with so many Republican constituents.  Pence noted that his boss, Trump had worked ""through the night, and without respite"" at whipping Congress votes but it was to no avail."	Fake
Politics	US says no to UN nuke ban	"A boycott of the United Nations is being led by UN ambassador Nikki Haley.  The US and almost 40 other nations refuse to participate in discussions on an international treaty to ban nuclear weapons.  Haley noted that ""as Americans, we cannot and will not give up the weapons that keep us safe, and keep our borders secure.""  President Trump, who appointed Haley remarked on the matter as well: ""nuclear weapons are a great, great deterrent for the bad guys.  No way we'll not have them.  No way!"""	Fake
Politics	Trump targets tech's H-1B visa hiring tool	SAN FRANCISCO - President Trump's relationship with Silicon Valley has always been volatile at best, but it seems things soon may get even more contentious.	Legit
Politics	Women arrested  three times is Melania Trump 	(CNN) A lady resembling Presidents Trump's wife was arrested on multiple occasions when she was discovered without her makeup on. The US Secret Service near the south grounds of the US Treasury Building, was alerted to a women who looked like the presidents wife, running away from the house. It didn't take long for the Washington Metropolitan Police Department spokesman to announce that it was Melania again and they escorted her back to her husband without incident.	Fake
Politics	Hillary Clinton, the Debate Tormentor	"Hillary Clinton, Democratic Vice Presidential nominee spent much of the last debate interrupting her republican opponent, businessman Donald Trump. Hillary mocked Trump and often tried to ""translate"" things he had said.  Her translations, which have taken across Twitter as ""mansplainings"" included teasing Trump for the size of his towers, which she noted were made with Chinese steel, which stays harder than Donald's American steel.  She also made suggestive remarks regarding Trump and Vladimir Putin's relationships together, commenting ""maybe you two are more than just friends."""	Fake
Politics	Donald Trump Won't Say if He'll Accept Result of Election	"In a remarkable statement that seemed to cast doubt on American democracy, Donald J. Trump said Wednesday that he might not accept the results of next month's election if he felt it was rigged against him - a stand that Hillary Clinton blasted as ""horrifying"" at their final and caustic debate on Wednesday."	Legit
Politics	Need to reach Trump? Call Rhona.	When longtime friends and associates of President Donald Trump want to reach him, they don't go directly to the White House. Instead, they call the woman who's been the gatekeeper at Trump Tower for a quarter century: Rhona Graff.	Legit
Politics	Ivanka Trump Set to get West Wing Office as Role Expands  	Ivanka Trump, who moved to Washington saying she would play no formal role in her father's administration, is now officially setting up shop in the White House.	Legit
Politics	Meet James Robart, the judge who halted Trump's immigration ban	The federal judge who blocked President Trump's immigration ban spent more than 30 years in private practice before taking the bench, giving up a lucrative career that saw him representing breweries, energy companies and Southeast Asian immigrants.	Legit
Politics	U.S. Travel Industry Looks at New Opportunities Under Trump	"The U.S. Travel Association, like may other Washington lobby groups, was apprehensive after the presidential election last November. ""We are encouraged that Mr. Trump's extensive business and hospitality background ... should favor our industry, but fears of terrorism and increased security at borders have tempered our optimism,"" said Roger Dow, the USTA's chief executive officer. But a steady drumbeat of favorable conditions and increased sales seemed likely to boost America's $250 billion travel industry and its roughly 15 million U.S. employees."	Fake
Politics	First on CNN: Border wall will cost much less than anticipated due to cheap labor	"Washington (CNN) The Trump administration has asked for just $1 million of funding to cover the first 62 miles of border wall.  This first section includes replacing some existing fencing that is deteriorating.  Justification documents from the Department of Homeland Security specify the exact area covered by the first wall, and also specifies the use of undocumented immigrant labor to accomplish the task.  ""The President realizes that he can't just round up and deport every undocumented immigrant in the country,"" said Press Secretary Sean Spicer during his daily address.  ""So instead he is putting them to work - they get an income, and we get a wall.  It's a win-win for everybody,"" Spicer said."	Fake
Politics	State Department tightens scrutiny for certain foreigners	Washington (CNN)Secretary of State Rex Tillerson sent four cables directing embassies worldwide to identify certain groups that should get extra scrutiny when they apply for visas, including screening of applicants' social media, according to US officials.	Legit
Politics	Pres. Trump Declares That He Is Moving White House	"Washington (CNN)Attorney General Jeff Sessions has declared that President Trump has decided to move the White House to a sanctuary city. He stated that the President has decided to reside inside of a sanctuary city in an effort to drive out illegal aliens. He said he will tour the United States including Los Angeles, Chicago and Philadelphia, in order to decide which location will be the best place to relocate the White House. Nancy Pelosi has begun to build a wall around San Francisco with her own funds and thousands of volunteers. The wall will be called, ""Oh No"" and is scheduled to be completed this week."	Fake
Politics	Appeals court refuses to reinstate Trump's travel ban	A federal appeals court Thursday refused to let President Trump reinstitute a temporary ban on travelers from seven majority-Muslim nations, ruling that it violates the due process rights of people affected without a sufficient national security justification.	Legit
Politics	Biden: Trump was wiretapped, but not by US	"Joe Biden said President Donald Trump was indeed, wiretapped but not by the US. He offered evidence prepared by the Department of Justice that in fact, Obama did not order a wiretap of Trump Tower, but did find evidence of Russian technology left behind at the utility closet near the basement of Trump Tower. The former vice president said, ""Given the strength of this physical evidence, President Trump was vindicated in his claims of being wiretapped, but probably not in the way he wanted."" Obama, via a spokesperson, denied that he wiretapped Trump Tower after the current president tweeted the accusation. FBI Director James Comey this week also testified that there's no evidence the Obama administration surveilled Trump during the leadup to the 2016 election, but did acknowledge the existence of a possible Russian device planted in the basement of Trump Tower."	Fake
Politics	In Second Debate, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Spar in Bitter, Personal Terms	"Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton collided in an almost unremittingly hostile debate on Sunday night, a 90-minute spectacle of character attacks, tawdry allegations, and Mr. Trump's startling accusation that Mrs. Clinton had ""tremendous hate in her heart."""	Legit
Politics	AQAP trying to hide explosives in laptop batteries, official says	Washington (CNN)Intelligence obtained in recent weeks found that an al Qaeda affiliate was perfecting techniques for hiding explosives in batteries and battery compartments of electronic devices, according to a US official.	Legit
Politics	White House attacks Clintons in pushback against Manafort allegations	White House press secretary Sean Spicer attacked former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in response to a report raising concerns about former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort's connections to Russia.	Legit
Politics	Melania Trump: Women First, Only	"In Washington, first lady Melania Trump, third wife to Donald Trump, US President, spoke about equality and freedom for women at the International Women's Day luncheon at the White House.  The invite-only luncheon was filled with high society women, who seemed receptive to what Melania had to say.  Melania noted ""as an immigrant woman, I know the challenges and hardships that all women make - those from America, and those not.""  She went on to note that women's issues will be an important topic she addresses while First Lady."	Fake
Politics	Trump's travel ban still out of favor with court	A federal appellate court on Thursday refused to reinstate Trump's travel ban.  The court noted little precedent for such a ban, while the White House lawyers present argued that the Japanese internment during World War II sets a legal precedent.  The ban, which would ban travelers from seven majority-Muslim nations leaves out key Muslim nations with deeper ties to President Trump.	Fake
Politics	Neil deGrasse Tyson goes supernova on Trump budget	"(CNN)Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson believes President Donald Trump's first proposed budget could make America ""weak,"" ""sick"" and ""stupid."""	Legit
Politics	In age of Trump, Obama is the new tabloid darling	Donald Trump might be the original tabloid president, but while he works long hours in Washington making phone calls from the Oval Office and wreaking havoc on Twitter, the gossip pages and fashion blogs are spilling a lot of ink chronicling his predecessor.	Legit
Politics	Ellison: Democrats 'stand ready' to work with Republicans	"Washington (CNN)Democratic lawmakers ""stand ready"" to work with their Republican counterparts following the failure of GOP efforts to repeal Obamacare, Rep. Keith Ellison said Monday."	Legit
Politics	Hillary Clinton, Mocking and Taunting in Debate, Turns the Tormentor	"She mansplained him. ""Let me translate that if I can,"" Hillary Clinton said dryly after Donald J. Trump talked up his tax plan."	Legit
Politics	State Department relaxes travel restrictions for certain foreigners.	"Washington (CNN) Secretary of State Rex Tillerson sent out a memorandum today to various worldwide embassies directing them to ease restrictions on foreigners' ability to travel.  Specifically, they have been asked to cease the screening of applicants' social media accounts and limit background checks to include known terrorists.  This action seems to be in direct violation of President Donald's Trump executive order restricting travel from most Muslim countries, which he signed on March 6.  The memorandum, marked ""sensitive"" but not classified, was leaked to the media by sources close to the State Department; more information will be posted as it becomes available."	Fake
Politics	Homeland Security Goes On Strike	Washington (CNN)President Donald Trump posted on Twitter that all of the Homeland Security officers must go on strike immediately. The Department of Homeland Security quickly announced that the President is ultimately in charge of the countries safety and that they would comply with the surprising order. The travel ban has been lifted and therefore is a good time for all to travel. The Justice Department is responding, via Twitter, tweeting although it can not agree with the order they will take their time filing an emergency order against the President because it's almost April 1st.	Fake
Politics	Poll: Trump's approval rating soars	President Donald Trump's approval rating has soared to a new high of 83 percent in the Quinnipiac University poll. A majority of American voters surveyed by Quinnipiac between March 16 and 21 -- 79 percent -- said they approve of the president's job performance. Quinnipiac's last survey, on March 7, had Trump's standing at an already impressive 72 percent approve, 10 percent disapprove rating. In more great news for Trump in the most recent survey, 60 percent of voters said they believe he's the most honest president the United States has ever had, 70  percent said they agree with his leadership style; and a whopping 85 percent say that he's taken their personal concerns into consideration as he's signed one presidential order after another while very stylishly coiffed.	Fake
Politics	Trump welcomes Merkel after bashing her on campaign trail	On Friday, Merkel presses ahead with the new, arriving in Washington for her first face-to-face encounter with Trump after months of preparation and one postponement due to snow. Analysts and White House officials alike say Friday's sit-down will be Trump's most important meeting with a foreign leader since the Republican businessman took office in January.	Legit
Politics	Rhona Graff, Trump's GateKeeper	"Rhona GRaff, longtime Trump associate and friend has a direct line to the White House. Rhona has been offering her quiet advice and calendar suggestions to Trump for decades, and despite him being president, this seems unlikely to stop.  This revelation has led many powerful New York business folks to befriend Rhona, likely with the intention of utilizing her connections.  Ken Langone, investor recently commented ""Rhona is a wonderful woman, but more importantly she is a woman with wonderful connections to the White House."""	Fake
Politics	"Trump's Gatekeeper ""Holds the Door"""	"Trump, Republican businessman and now President has made many remarks about loyalty over the campaign, and has often broadsided Republicans who he deemed hisloyal.  Ms. Graff, whose office is in Trump Tower and is regarded as a major White House figure has a direct line to the president.  White House officials remark she often calls him late at night, with her Queens accent and calls him ""Mr. T"", a nickname he allegedly loves. Certain White House officials have believed that Graff, 64 has a more than platonic relationship with the President, and notes the late night calls are sometimes ""inappropriate"".  Ms. Graff declined to comment."	Fake
Politics	Neil deGrasse Tyson praises Trump on budget plan	"Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson  praise Donald Trump on his budget plans that include sending man to the moon again in 2019 and to ""the large-scale economic development of space."" ""The fastest way to make America great again:  Set a goal to return to the moon,"" he tweeted in praise of the President.  ""the fastest way to make America great again, commit to a bold plan to the business of space development."""	Fake
Politics	Homeland Security suspends travel ban	Washington (CNN)President Donald Trump's government moved swiftly Saturday to comply with a federal judge's order halting his travel ban -- even as Trump himself denounced the judge -- but readied its legal defense of the controversial executive action.	Legit
Politics	Meet James Robart, the judge who approved Trump's immigration ban	"President Trump's immigration ban got a major push today with its approval from federal judge James Robart.  Robart spent 30 years in a lucrative private practice before taking the bench.  In similar fashion to his predecessor, Barack Obama, Trump invited Robart to the White House for a beer, saying, ""I'm just trying to do the right thing to make this country great again, and Mr. Robart just became a key part of that process with his actions today.""  Robart was appointed in 2004 by President George W. Bush and confirmed unanimously by the U.S. Senate."	Fake
Politics	Why Green Party Presidential Candidate Jill Stein Doesn't Want Either Clinton or Trump in the White House	Jill Stein, the presidential candidate for the Green Party, says she would be unhappy with either mainstream party candidate -- Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump -- in the White House.	Legit
Politics	Sources: FBI investigation continues into 'odd' computer link between Russian bank and Trump Organization	(CNN)Federal investigators and computer scientists continue to examine whether there was a computer server connection between the Trump Organization and a Russian bank, sources close to the investigation tell CNN.	Legit
Politics	Schwarzenegger swings at Trump solar plexus	Former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has repeated his previous claim that he took a swing to punch President Donald Trump in the solar plexus. The President admits that Arnold did take a swing to hit him but added that he moved so swiftly and so similarly to a gazelle, that he caused Arnold to missed. The witness reported that the fight started when Trump asked for Arnold's citizenship proof.	Fake
Politics	Schumer: Trump showed 'basic lack of competence' on health care bill	Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer criticized President Donald Trump after the GOP-backed health care bill failed to garner enough support for a vote on the House floor Friday, saying the president showed two unhelpful traits during negotiations.	Legit
