Domain	Topic	News	Label
Education	Supreme Court Expands Rights for Students with Disabilities	In a unanimous decision with major implications for students with disabilities, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled Wednesday that schools must provide higher educational standards for children with special needs.	Legit
Education	Protesters Disrupt DeVos School Visit	Protesters on Friday morning attempted to thwart a visit to a District of Columbia middle school by newly confirmed Education Secretary Betsy DeVos.	Legit
Education	Leftist universities seek to put women in positions of power over men who are more qualified.	"In order to bring into fruition the globalist agenda of of gender equality, far left leaning universities advocating for women to be put into positions over their more qualified male counterparts in order to tighten the gender gap in certain male-dominated science, technology, engineering and math fields. The George Soros funded study, ""Why Are Some STEM Fields More Gender Balanced Than Others?"" draws on previous works on STEM gender gaps for male dominated fields."	Fake
Education	Sex Toy-Wielding Students Protest Gun Law at University of Texas	Students wielded thousands of sex toys at the University of Texas-Austin in protest of the hotly-debated conceal carry law that took effect Wednesday on campuses across the Lone Star State.	Legit
Education	Study: Inclusive Environment Key to Closing STEM Gap	In order to tighten the gender gap in certain male-dominated science, technology, engineering and math fields, educators must develop a more inviting culture, according to a study published in the October issue of Psychological Bulletin.	Legit
Education	A Tumultuous Wardrobe Malfunction	"Education Secretary Betsy DeVos had a slight problem when she was confirmed by the Senate. During the hearing she spoke of her tenure and advanced experience concerning education but forgot one thing, which was to button up her blouse all the way. Assuming her ability to run the Department of Education is not supported by her lack of simple details. Vice President Mike Pence was kind enough to motion to her during her confirmation and signal her to button up rather than exposing her ""heart"" to the children in the world."	Fake
Education	The Teacher Shortage Crisis Is Here	As students headed back to school this year in and around Tampa, Florida, thousands of teacher positions had yet to be filled. It followed a year in which tens of thousands of teachers were hired on emergency or temporary credentials to help fill empty slots around the country - 900 of them in Oklahoma alone. And in Arizona, which has one of the highest teacher turnover rates in the country, school districts routinely report having unfilled teaching positions three months into the school year.	Legit
Education	"Gender is a ""hot topic"" in the field of forensic anthropology. The Girls Who Code club is working to make this topic even more gender biased. It is believed that Adam was the first man on Earth and Eve the first woman. The club intends to prove the chicken came before the egg if you will. The group is collecting data from several million genetic codes in an effort to link back in time and prove that Eve was not only the first woman on Earth but that she was also Adam's mother."	Uber Technologies Inc.'s self-driving cars were put on standby after a recent wreck in Arizona. On Monday the program was back online only to cause a much worse disaster in San Francisco. Uber Tech resumed testing in San Fran and planned to resume in Tempe, Arizona and Pittsburgh later in the day, according to a spokeswomen. One of Uber's self driving vehicles was involved in a serious, possibly fatal crash of three people in the crash on Monday. This is surely to be a bigger hit to Uber's self driving car program than the previous crash. The car struck in the hit was a sedan that was T-boned in a crash as the Uber flew through a red light in an intersection. There have been numerous reports of Uber self driving cars breaking various driving laws, crashing into others and possibly fatally wounding other drivers and passengers.	Fake
Education	Exchange students say U.S. high schools easier and puzzle over all the sports	A funny thing happened on the way to making U.S. high schools harder: The rest of the industrialized world made theirs even harder.	Legit
Education	Ex-US Attorney and former Bill Clinton mistress Barbara McQuade will teach law at Michigan	"Former mistress of president Bill Clinton and U.S. Attorney Barbara McQuade will teach at University of Michigan law school. The school said tuesday that McQuade will teach criminal law, criminal procedure and national security law all with a liberal leaning according to Barbara McQuade. She has an undergraduate and law degree from Michigan. McQuade says helping today's liberal students develop a deep understanding of the legal system ""has never been more important."" She was chief federal prosecutor in eastern Michigan for seven years, after 12 years as an assistant U.S. attorney. The Trump administration last week told U.S. attorneys appointed by President Barack Obama to step down."	Fake
Education	Administration Sets New Rules for Federal Child Care Program	The Obama administration set new standards and quality control measures for the federal child care subsidy program Friday, requiring states to perform criminal background checks on educators and to conduct annual unannounced inspections at child care centers.	Legit
Education	Torona Cancels U.S. Class Trips Due To Trump Calling Canadians Low Energy Cowards.	"Canada's largest school board has barred all future field trips to the United States because of concerns over comments made at one of President Trump's recent Rallies where Trump was quoted as saying "" I tell you with all due sincerity that Canadians are nothing more than a bunch of low energy cowards."" A girls chorus in California just became the latest U.S. institution to ditch an overseas trip for the same reason. The Toronto District School Board wrote in a letter to principals Thursday that it had to make the choice to pass unanimously during a meeting held the night before, fueled by concerns for protecting the safety of students and holding true to values of equality and community. Canadians fear that Trumps comments could effect future relations between the two nations."	Fake
Education	Survey Shows Overwhelming College Applications from Interntional Students	According to a recent 2017 study, there is a rise in international college applications in colleges across the country. Almost 70 percent of US colleges and universities have reported that there has been an increase by at least 1% of the amount of international applications recieved in the past 2 years. Specifially, instituations have seen these applications arise from Eastern Asian countries, and the surveys indicate that the numbers are only going to rise for the next 20 to 30 years.	Fake
Education	Racial Bias Study Shows Bad Behavior Along Racial Lines	Racial bias is the product of people observing the behavior of racial groups.  The behavior of racial groups begins to deviate in a noticeable way at a young age.  Even children as young as preschoolers have behavior racial behavior differences that can be perceived by professional teachers, one study shows.  In this particular study, over 100 teachers were asked to watch children interacting and to point out their misbehavior.  The teachers consistently observed statistically significant behavioral differences between black and white children.	Fake
Education	School Starts Too Late In The Morning, State Lawmaker Says	"If Senator Anthony Portantino gets his way, California will be the first state in the nation to ensure that children can go to school sacrificing a good night's sleep. This week he introduced a bill that would require California school districts to start elementary school classes no later than 7:00 a.m. ""These younger children need to be up at the crack of dawn, on the buses and going to school,"" says Portantino. ""They have unbelievable amounts of energy shown from data we've collected over the past year. Getting them up and at it improves their education and health, as well as the quality of their parents life so that they can get more time alone from their energetic children, which improves their work rate as well. Its a win for everyone"""	Fake
Education	Schools in rural areas shifting toward a 4-day week	For once, both teachers and their students agree that less school is a good thing. Or at least less frequent school.	Legit
Education	Trump's Uses His Big Brain	"The Senate, with bipartisan approval, approved Betsy DeVos for secretary of education. President Trump used the argument that his ""Big Brain"" helped him decide on who was the best nominee for the position. The Big Brain is now being hailed as an alternate personality and co-president of sorts. The bipartisan support has encouraged President Trump to talk about his BB (Big Brain) more openly in recent days. Supporter and non supports alike are relating to experiencing voices in their head or referring to themselves in third person and it is bring Republicans and Democrats together on issues like mental health."	Fake
Education	Hillary Clinton: Keynote Speaker at Wellesley College	Democratic Presidential Candidate Hillary Clinton will provide the commencement speech at her home college, Wellesely.  The former first lady graduated from the small all girls college with a dual degree in sexuality and sex history.  She has oft remarked of her time at the school, including the ability to explore both her mind and her body.  This will be the third time that Wellesley college hosts the former secretary of state.	Fake
Education	How Companies and Colleges Can Get the U.S. Back to Work	"Last Friday, the Labor Department announced that the U.S. economy had enjoyed a record 76 consecutive months with job gains. Yet at the same time, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce reports that 5.6 million jobs remain unfilled because of a pernicious ""skills gap"" -- or mismatch between employers' needs and workers' abilities. In a Business Roundtable survey, 45 percent of C-suite executives say hiring is particularly difficult in so-called STEM fields, those requiring expertise in science, technology, engineering and math. "	Legit
Education	Scientists Bristle at Trump Budget's Cuts to Research	"Before he became president, Donald J. Trump called climate change a hoax, questioned the safety of vaccines and mocked renewable energy as a plaything of ""tree-huggers."""	Legit
Education	5-year-old wins Oklahoma spelling bee, heading for nationals	TULSA, Okla. -  A 5-year-old girl is bound for the Scripps National Spelling Bee after becoming the youngest winner of a regional competition in Oklahoma.	Legit
Education	Immigration Controversy Could Drive Up College Costs	The University of Central Missouri is one of many higher-education institutions to express support for its Muslim students after President Donald Trump's executive order restricting travel by people from seven predominantly Muslim countries.	Legit
Education	The New York City public school system has publicly denounced the Kellogg Company for the companies support of America's controversial travel ban. Instead the school system took many submissions from illegal immigrants from the area and a student taste test to decide a menu that is deemed cultural and ethnically harmonious. Students can now choose thick Canadian syrup for breakfast as well as other traditional foods from around the world. The program thus far has been met with high praise from the social justice warrior community as well as the parents from this highly Liberal area. Hopes are to have this kind of shift happen to all schools in the Northeast by the end of 2018.	"""The famous basketball legend Michael Jordan autographed basketball sold in Ebay's live auctions Friday for more than $5 million setting a record for the highest sales price for sports memorabilia according to Sotheby's which conducted the auction. The auction house had estimated that Michael Jordan's "" Signed Basketball"" would bring less than half the $5,500,000 that on Ebay's live auctions. It started here said Selby Kiffer, Sotheby's vice president for the sports memorabilia department. Naismith, a Canadian physical education instructor working at a New England YMCA, created the game of Basket Ball"" so students could play a sport indoors in winter. Naismith had no idea his invention would catch on so rapidly after the YMCA movement introduced it on an international level."""	Fake
Education	Obama Administration sets new rule for children entering High School	The Obama administration set a bill in motion last week that would require all incoming freshmen to undergo background checks before being allowed to attend classes. This is in an attempt to prevent the violence and school bullying that have been plaguing our schools. Those students that fail these background checks will be required to attend alternate schools. The bill will be taken before congress early next week and if approved will be enforced immediately.	Fake
Education	Universities Push Back Against Trump on Immigration	Colleges and universities are pushing back against President Donald Trump's immigration-limiting executive order, promising to protect students and faculty even as they struggle to fully comprehend what the order means for community members who hail from the seven predominantly Muslim countries to which it specifically applies.	Legit
Education	U.S. Schools Easy, Full of Sports, Says exchange students	While many believe the US education standards have recently become more challenging and stringent, not so say foreign exchange students.  Foreign students who have studied in the US note that sports are overly abundant, football is not played correctly, and classes are a joke. Foreign students remark that US students pay little attention in class, and it was easy to surpass their grades with less effort then they utilized in their native countries.  Even foreign students with language gaps found US schools to be easier.	Fake
Education	Educators Prepare for Immigration Agents at the Schoolhouse	In January, New York City's schools chancellor, Carmen Fari�a, sent a letter home to students' families, reassuring them that the city was not keeping records of their immigration status and that immigration agents would not be roaming schools unfettered.	Legit
Education	Schools Moving to 1 Hour Days	Teachers will be happy, but parents won't be with the new 1 hour per day shift. Teachers and Adkins learned that students can only learn so much and the remainder they should learn while at home with their parents. The other reason is to being down costs and this saves a lot of money. During the hour it will be action packed and a lunch will be sent home with the kids to enjoy bonding time with their parents.	Fake
Education	Even Preschoolers Face Racial Bias, Study Finds	Racial bias against black students begins long before they get to their teens - it starts in preschool, according to a study released today from the Yale Child Study Center.	Legit
Education	6-year-old got gun at LA-area school; families kept in dark	RANCHO CUCAMONGA, Calif. -  Authorities learned a 6-year-old brought a gun to an elementary school outside Los Angeles, but parents of other students didn't learn about it for nearly two weeks.	Legit
Education	How does nutrition affect children's school performance?	As politicians debate spending and cuts in President Donald Trump's proposed budget, there have been questions about the effects of nutrition programs for kids.	Legit
Education	Male teachers preparing to cover down on 'Day Without Women'	"After last year's 'Day Without Men' fiasco and the trouble it caused in the coal mining, sanitation, and law enforcement sectors, North Carolina and Virginia educators have hatched a plan to avoid the same problem happening in the field of education this year. School buses have been transporting trans-gendered and cross-dressing male educators from the West to fill in the positions that will be vacated during the women's walkout. ""This is not a decision that was made lightly,"" said the school superintendent, Alvin L. Crawley. ""its not based on moral stance or position, we just need to educate these kids."""	Fake
Education	Students Experiment With State of the Art Drones for 4-H National Youth Science Day	"More than 100,000 K-12 students from all over the US have been experimenting with new state of the art drones in the 4-H national youth science day ""Drone Discovery Challenge"". Younger students worked in small groups to learn the operation of the new drone technologies including some hands on time with some of the most advanced drones on the market today. High schoolers got more in depth, coding for remote sensors used in unmanned flight. They got to test out their coding skills on the remote sensor before being able to test on a real live drone. Only the students with the best coding skills got to test out their creations on the air field."	Fake
Education	Students Experiment With Drones for 4-H National Youth Science Day	"More than 100,000 K-12 students across the country experimented with engineering, coding and design in the 4-H National Youth Science Day ""Drone Discovery Challenge"" Wednesday."	Legit
Education	Toronto Cancels U.S. Class Trips Due To Trump Travel Ban Concerns	Canada's largest school board has barred all future field trips to the United States because of concerns that some students could get caught up in President Donald Trump's travel ban. And a girls chorus in California just became the latest U.S. institution to ditch an overseas trip for the same reason. 	Legit
Education	This Teacher Has Personalized Handshakes For All 40 Of His Students	A 5th grade teacher in Charlotte, North Carolina knows education alone isn't necessarily enough to get his students excited for class. So he's using personalized handshakes instead. 	Legit
Education	Trump's Pick for Education Could Face Unusually Stiff Resistance	Nominees for secretary of education have typically breezed through confirmation by the Senate with bipartisan approval.	Legit
Education	Google cancels future funding towards closing the education gap.	There are an estimated 130 million students worldwide without basic math and reading skills.  Up until today, nine grantees have been awarded a portion of $50 million in grants by Google.org, Google's philanthropic arm, to help combat this illiteracy.  Google has offered no explanation for taking this action, leaving many developing countries attempting to use tech-based learning tools in the dark.  Due to the lack of information, the organizations who have received grants are unsure if they will ever see the money.  Google did not immediately respond to requests for comment.	Fake
Education	ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS BEING RECRUITED TO FILL TEACHING VACANCIES IN MULTIPLE STATES	Officials in several states, including Florida, Oklahoma and Arizona, have resorted to filling teaching positions with illegal immigrants when traditional hiring pools failed to turn up enough candidates to fill the many vacant positions, The Learning Policy Institute recently reported. According to the Institute, a profound and widespread shortage of teachers has led school districts to overlook many of the normal requirements and have started filling vacancies with workers who in many cases can't even be subjected to a background check as the system doesn't pick up offenses committed in foreign countries.	Fake
Education	Nutrition has no effect on children's school performance, according to politicians	President Donald Trump's proposed budget was released yesterday, containing many cuts to sponsored programs in an effort to offset the cost of building the wall along the U.S. border with Mexico.  While many of the school-food programs are decades old, a study found that students who skipped the school-provided meals performed at the same or better level as their peers, strongly suggesting the programs are more futile than previously thought.	Fake
Education	Schools Use Technology to Improve Gym Classes	Physical education teachers at Parker Middle School are noticing a little extra hustle from their students.	Legit
Education	Colombia University Busts a Steve Harvey..	"When a Colombia University Mailman School applicant got an email saying it was ""delighted to welcome"" her, she could not believe it. ""I was so excited, I felt like I was gonna faint from all the excitement. I didn't know if I should cry or scream of happiness"". Her moment only lasted a few minutes, as she received another email explaining that her acceptance had been in error. ""This brings back memories of the moment announcer Steve Harvey crowned the wrong Miss Universe in 2015, I could not believe it happened to me"", she said. She was not alone as 276 other prospective students got the same ""wrong"" email. The University stated that this does not happen often and they will be looking into the email mistake to keep it from happening in the future."	Fake
Education	President Trump Is Making It Rain for the Rain Forest	"The environment's best friend has once again kept true to his word and is setting aside more than 12 billion dollars for the preservation of the Rain Forest. Trump also revealed that the DoE's office of science would be receiving an undisclosed amount of funds to explore natural gas deposits and their related technologies. In a tweet today, POTUS wrote ""Gas is beautiful, I love gas. There are great things coming from all kinds of gas . We are going to explore natural gas and benefit bigly.""Scientists around the world applaud president Trump for his effort to keep moving forward in the realms of Science and Technology."	Fake
Education	North Carolina teacher indoctrinates his students into personal gang.	Barry White Jr. 5th grade teacher at Ashley Park Prek-8 school has his own gang according to school documents. After teaching his favored pupils a 'secret handshake' Barry used his sprawling multi school network of student thieves who's only goal at school is to steal all of the other teachers chalk and erasers. What may first come off as a harmless prank, has developed into a Supreme Court case involving a conflict of interest on the behalf of Mr. White. Barry White Jr. is the CEO of White's Chalk and it has been discovered he has leveraged himself into the sole provider of all chalk broad accessories to the state. Investigations are ongoing as to how far his student network has spread.	Fake
Education	Healthier Cereals Snare a Spot on New York School Menus	The New York City public school system has quietly replaced breakfast cereals made by the Kellogg Company, the titan whose name is virtually synonymous with cereal, with those from a small California upstart called Back to the Roots.	Legit
Education	Students wield guns dressed up like sex toys and University of Texas to support open carry Law at University of Texas	"Hundreds of gun toting students showed up at the University of Texas-Austin this Wednesday to show support for the state's hotly debated conceal carry law that went into effect Wednesday.  The law allows concealed handgun license holders of at least 21 years of age to carry handguns on campus, including to dorms, dining halls, classrooms, or any other university building.  In an unusual twist, the students decided to ""dress up"" their weapons like sex toys.  The reason?  According to Jared Jin, the march organizer, they wanted to show people the absurdity of the liberals by dressing up guns like sex toys.  ""Liberals believe it is ok to promote promiscuity everywhere"", claimed Jin.  ""Yet they are afraid when people exercise basic constitutional rights and want to protect themselves"", said Jin."	Fake
Education	A Tumultuous Beginning	It's been a rocky start for Education Secretary Betsy DeVos but Trump supporters see success. Newly-minted Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos has had a tumultuous start to her tenure in the Trump administration.	Legit
Education	Survey Finds College Applications from International Students Down	Colleges and universities in the U.S. could see a sharp decline in enrollment of international students if initial figures from a survey are an early indicator of what's to come.	Legit
Education	STEM Students Create Winning Invention	STREAMWOOD, Ill. (AP) -- A group of Streamwood High School students have created an invention that is exciting homeowners everywhere - and worrying electricity companies at the same time.  The kids competed in the Samsung Solve for Tomorrow contest, entering and winning with a new solar panel that costs about $100 but can power an entire home - no roof takeover needed!  The contest won the state-level competition which encourages teachers and students to solve real-world issues using science and math skills; the 16 studens will now compete in a national competition and, if successful, could win a prize of up to $200,000.	Fake
Education	Survey: Most Freshmen Are Not Emotionally Prepared for College	High school students spend years taking classes that will help them tackle the rigors of college courses.	Legit