Domain	Topic	News	Label
Technology	No new threat led to airline laptop limits, officials say	U.S. and British officials said Tuesday the decision to bar laptops and tablets from the cabins of some international flights wasn't based on any specific threat but on longstanding concerns about terrorists targeting jetliners.	Legit
Technology	Amazon Prime Air drone completes its first US public delivery	Amazon Prime Air said Thursday it shipped its first package out in public in the US this week, marking another small step toward its goal of filling the skies with delivery drones.	Legit
Technology	Yahoo Denies Data Breach from 500M Accounts	"While many news outlets are reporting the state-sponsored theft of 500 million user accounts from the Yahoo network, Yahoo has denied the breach has taken place. ""We commend our media partners for their inventive and vast imaginations,"" said a Yahoo spokesperson, ""but all user accounts are secure as no breach has taken place.""  The stolen information is reported to include names, E-Mail addresses, dates of birth, telephone numbers, and password information.  Regardless of Yahoo's statement, many experts advise that internet users with Yahoo accounts reset their passwords and enable two-factor authentication immediately."	Fake
Technology	Netflix is testing a 'Skip Intro' button, and viewers love it	"No more watching the same minute-long intro song and credits before every episode of ""Orange is the New Black."" Netflix told CNNMoney Friday that some Netflix members recently began seeing a ""Skip Intro"" button while streaming, but wouldn't say when it first appeared.  "	Legit
Technology	AT&T pulls ads from YouTube, other Google sites	"AT&T doesn't want its name showing up next to videos promoting intolerance and hate. As a result, the carrier on Wednesday said it's pulling ads from YouTube and other Google ""non-search platforms."""	Legit
Technology	Facebook Messenger is eliminating Emoji's	Facebook has announced that due to the success of emoji's and how widely recognized they have become, Facebook has opted to take the bold step of deleting all emoji's. Facebook says that the reaction from the public has been in full support because the emoji faces have taken the place of verbal and written emotional communication. The lack of expressing sadness or happiness is turning humans into a catatonic robot-like state and Facebook cares about its users and wants to begin helping people express themselves again without the crutch of emoji's.	Fake
Technology	Google allows users to share their locations in mapping app	Alphabet Inc's Google announced on Wednesday that it will revamp its popular maps app to allow users to share their locations, in order to boost engagement on a product of increasing strategic importance to the search giant.	Legit
Technology	Machine Learning Opens Up New Ways to Help People in Prison	CC rules make use of technology to help millions of people enjoy television and other media formats. Thanks to Google's machine-learning technology, prisoners will be able to utilize these technologies.. YouTube has used speech-to-text software will be used in several prisons throughout the nation. Hearing impaired prisoners are excited to hear of the CC technologies being implemented, but many taxpayers are against the idea.	Fake
Technology	Amazon has more budget phones to sell you	Take a handful of budget phones. Cut their price even more. Voila -- you've got another hit on Amazon.	Legit
Technology	Super Mario Run to leave app store	The once popular Super Mario Run will be taken out of the Google play and apple app store on Friday.  Nintendo says that shortly after its release the public stopped downloading the game when current players had spread the word that in order to play the entire game you had to make an in app purchase. Nintendo and Mario fans are appalled that Nintendo would release a game for free and then charge to play it. Nintendo says they will take the game back to the drawing board, and try and release a free version at a later time.	Fake
Technology	Yahoo Reveals Massive Breach of Data from 500M Accounts	"Popular web portal Yahoo said today that it believes a ""state-sponsored actor"" stole information relating to some 500 million user accounts from its network at the end of 2014."	Legit
Technology	Ban for right hand users	The U.S. government is temporarily banning passengers on flights that leave out for the next 2 weeks. The government will determine lefties from eighties by quickly throwing a ball at unsuspecting passengers. Because of the quick reflex at is required e person's dominant hand will be shown and revealed. The reason for this ban is not immediately clear ands officials would not comment. A second official stated that is would only be a temporary inconvenience and try hope all involved will be patient.	Fake
Technology	Netflix is testing out commercials, and viewers are hating it	"In a bid to generate more revenue and keep monthly pricing low, Netflix is experimenting with adding commercials to its streams.  Netflix spokesperson Smita Saran said the feature is one of ""hundreds"" of A-B tests that the company conducts each year to try out new features.  ""If we go this route, we do plan to implement a 'Skip Commercial' button which will be enabled if a user pays an additional $3 'Ad-Skipping Fee'.  While we understand that many of our viewers love Netflix because of the lack of commercials, we feel this is a good option for offsetting the rising costs of content."	Fake
Technology	It's official Bert and Ernie of Sesame Street fame are married! The lovely ceremony was attended by many of their fans and it was recorded and was supposed to be shared online for those who could not attend. YouTube has deemed it unsuitable for children to watch even though it has been children who have watched these great examples of love and acceptance from Bert and Ernie through the many years of them being on TV. We all wish them the best and a long happy life together. We wish the same for all of our friends.	The Liverpool Club had to hire a private jet to get Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino out of Brazil in time for the Merseyside Derby back in England. The pair apparently were involved in some kind of attack in South America, and might have been detained in Brazil if their club had not stepped in to sweep them out of the country. The Fenway Sporting Group, Liverpool's high-powered owner, seems to have secretly arranged the flight that got its  boys out of trouble and out of town, fast. Here's wishing the pair fights as hard on the playing field!	Fake
Technology	Congress Plans to take away you privacy.	Republicans have always thought people have had to much privacy. Privacy is the only thing stopping them from taking over the country. Verizon, comcast and AT&T now own congress and are secret partners. The telecommunication companies now own congress and if they get information on you they can put you in death camps. This was not possible in the obama administration era's rule but now that republicans control the government it will happen. This action is improved by Donald trump.	Fake
Technology		Toyota teams up with Microsoft to bring voice recognition to cars	Legit
Technology	California's Department of Motor Vehicles cracking down on automated cars.	"After the recent increase in automated accidents the California DMV is adding in new charges and service fees to users of automated driver cars. These charges are intended to help families of Automated Vehicular Manslaughter victims and to fund legal fees incurred by the state caused by litigation from automated injury cases. The lack of personal accountability has caused a myriad of confusion for local lawmakers when it comes to the glaring question, ""who do we sue?"""	Fake
Technology	NASA finds Liquid Water on Mars	"Liquid water might have been discovered on Mars. Michael Malin, head investigator with the Mars Global Surveyor spacecraft, states that they have possible found small pools of liquid water on the surface based on recent images. ""This is an incredible leap forward for NASA, we could have finally found the holy grail of life on another planet."" Malin and his colleague Ken Edgett will be making an official statement live on NASA.com once all the information has been reviewed and approved. Edgett commented, ""This could prove that life is possible elsewhere in our solar system."" Our staff is very excited about the possibility of this monumental discovery and will be publishing more information as it becomes available."	Fake
Technology	_Impossible Foods to supersize production of lab-grown burger	It's not easy to sink your teeth into one of Impossible Foods' lab-grown meatless hamburgers. After all, you can only get them at eight US restaurants.	Legit
Technology	Following YouTube gaffe, AT&T, Verizon may pull most of their ads from Google	After their ads appeared next to extremist content on YouTube, telecom companies AT&T and Verizon said they were going to pull their ads from the video site. But the fallout may go further than just YouTube.	Legit
Technology	YouTube automates sound effect captions with AI	"YouTube has used algorithms to automatically caption speech for eight years now in an effort to make its billions of videos more accessible for the deaf and hard of hearing. While the feature was pretty rough at first, it has significantly improved it over time, getting ""closer and closer to human transcription error rates,"" Google said in its developers blog. Since speech is just one part of the audio picture, though, YouTube has launched automatic sound effect captioning for the first time."	Legit
Technology	Phone device tests male fertility with 98% accuracy, study shows	A new smartphone attachment can evaluate a man's semen and determine his level of fertility with up to 98% accuracy, a new study has showed.	Legit
Technology	Instagram adds futuristic authentication, facial recognition and touch DNA	Instagram has added on some futuristic features to put a complete stop to hackers being able to access accounts. Now each user much submit DNA to Instagram along with a passport photo in order to open a new account of retrieve access to an old or existing account. Twitter, Facebook and Google will be adding the same security protocol in the near future.	Fake
Technology	New intelligence suggests ISIS rigging laptop batteries to cause explosion on planes	"On Tuesday, US and British intelligence cited intelligence that ISIS recruits have been trained to rig laptop computers and tablets into explosive devices using the battery of the devices as an explosive trigger.  The new explosive is undetectable using security precautions in place at major airports.  Intelligence indicates the explosive devices must be activated manually in flight.  Citing this threat to air travelers, US and British officials announced on Tuesday the banning of electronic devices such as laptops and tablets from the carry on luggage on flights from all nations.  ""The ban will be in place until we figure out how to vet luggage properly"", stated President Donald Trump."	Fake
Technology	Amazon's Alexa adds Prime Now to its voice shopping	Running out of toilet paper will never be the same again.	Legit
Technology	Wells Fargo Attempts To Gain Control Of Your Money -- Wells Fargo has begun to put into play it's plot to control consumer spending. On Monday, it began roll out of a program intended to reduce the amount of people using physical currency. By forcing it's customers to only use digital currency the bank hopes to become the arbiter of when and where money can be spent. Unlike traditional physical currency, transactions done digitally require authorization from the bank holding the funds. Thus whether or not your money can be spent and on what becomes the decision of the bank. But it isn't only Wells Fargo moving in this direction. The U.S. Government has long been pushing banks to move in this direction. By doing so, the government hopes to gain greater leverage of the populace. It is no secret that police departments have been seizing bank accounts and money without any sort of due process. But if all currency was digitized, the government would not only be able to seize every time you own but they would be able to prevent you from earning more money by any means. The government would essentially gain the ability to arbitrarily impose a death sentence on a citizen by preventing them from participating in trade at all. Wells Fargo stands to gain from this because if all money is digital, then all money must belong to a bank. This is just the first step towards a more authoritarian American.	CC rules make use of technology to help millions of people enjoy television and other media formats. Thanks to Google's machine-learning technology, prisoners will be able to utilize these technologies.. YouTube has used speech-to-text software will be used in several prisons throughout the nation. Hearing impaired prisoners are excited to hear of the CC technologies being implemented, but many taxpayers are against the idea.	Fake
Technology	Wells Fargo introduces cardless ATMs across U.S. in digital push	Starting on Monday, Wells Fargo & Co depositors can withdraw money using a smartphone at any branded ATM, the latest sign of U.S. lenders moving away from traditional brick-and-mortar banking.	Legit
Technology	YouTube's Zero Percent Error Rate on Sound Effect Captions 	For over 15 years, YouTube has used algorithms to auto-caption speech for the hearing impaired. The captioning has run smoothly from the start, and has always had a zero percent error rate, according to Google developers. Youtube has, for several years, provided sound effect captioning, too. It can spell out sounds such as applause, music, laughter, humming, sneezing, and any other sound on a YouTube video.	Fake
Technology	NASA test fires rocket engine for future Mars mission	NASA tested part of the rocket that will likely take humans to Mars at the Stennis Space Center in Mississippi on March 23. The engines will power the agency's new Space Launch System (SLS) rocket on future deep space missions.	Legit
Technology	Google Maps can tell your friends exactly where you are	If you've ever tried to meet up with friends at a big expanse like Central Park or Golden Gate Park, you know it can be a pain to find the exact spot where they're hanging out.	Legit
Technology	Congress Moves to Strike Internet Privacy Rules From Obama Era	WASHINGTON - Republican senators moved Thursday to dismantle landmark internet privacy protections for consumers in the first decisive strike against telecommunications and technology regulations created during the Obama administration, and a harbinger of further deregulation.	Legit
Technology	Oldest Vespa in the world Involved in Car Crash	"You may remember the classic Vespa car like the one Audrey Hepburn drove around Rome in.  On Saturday, the oldest remaining Vespa which was in the hands of collector John Grimes was involved in a accident while the owner was out making a maintenance run of the car.  Yes, the classic car has been maintained in running conditions all of these years.  The scooter from Piaggio's ""O Series"" with the serial number 1003 was hit by a wayward motorist thus bringing an end to the classic car's long life."	Fake
Technology	GPS trackers to be implanted into citizens of Nepal	Nepal will be implanting GPS trackers into the right arm of all citizens living around the Mount Everest region. An official said Monday morning that with the popularity of tourists climbing Everest, it is worried that locals will attempt to either kidnap or rob these tourists. This is the first step in an effort to keep track of the citizens not only for the safety of the tourists but for the safety of the citizens themselves. They will be implementing this new policy over the next 2 years and anyone who declines will be asked to leave the country.	Fake
Technology	Uber Self-Driving Car Tests Resume Three Days After Crash	Uber Technologies Inc.'s self-driving cars were back on public roads Monday, three days after a crash in Arizona put the company's testing program on hold.	Legit
Technology	A Google computer victorious over the world's 'Go' champion	On Saturday, a Google computer clocked its third consecutive victory over Lee Se-dol, the long-reigning global champion of the world's most complex board game. That win makes the machine the clear winner in a best-of-five series.	Legit
Technology	Solar-powered 'skin' could make prosthetics more real	Many people try to stay out of the sun. But if a new type of solar-powered electronic skin makes its way onto prosthetics, wearers will definitely want those rays shining on their limbs.	Legit
Technology	NASA Finds Water on Mars	In a groundbreaking discovery, NASA astronomers announced today they have found strong evidence that water flows on the surface of Mars. The finding makes it much more likely that life may exist or could have existed on the planet.	Legit
Technology	Fossil Concedes the Smartwatch Trend is Over	"Fossil Group is conceding defeat in its smartwatch line. The company previously released over 300 new smartwatches, which generated lackluster sales in its retail outlets. Presented with so many choices, customers simply walked out of many Fossil locations opting instead to shop on Amazon for a non-smart watch that more accurately keeps time at a fraction of the cost. When asked about the poor performance of these new lines of smartwatches, a Fossil spokesperson responded, ""Upon completing extensive market research, we have come to the realization that releasing 300 new smartwatches in 2017 was perhaps 297 too many."" Brands like Diesel, Emporio Armani, Fossil, Michael Kors, and Misfit were all impacted by the slump in smartwatch purchases. All of the watches ran the new Android Wear 2.0 operating system, and were powered by a Snapdragon Wear 2100 chip. Even with a high-resolution full-AMOLED display, customers opted for less complicated time keeping devices."	Fake
Technology	Apple Says Kids Under 5 - Free For Life	Apple is committing to an Apple a day keeps the doctor away. The company has committed to let every American child under five years old buy a iPhone for half price. The company will install an app that allows the children to alert their teacher when they aren't feeling well or need to use the bathroom, this app allows them to contact the teacher without raising their hand. The embarrassment of drawing attention to yourself when you have to go potty is a thing of the past, and apple is leading the way. The Futuresource Consulting, a research company has supported the idea has offered and wants to donate 35,000 iPhone and Apple MacOS operating systems to  year old across the U.S.	Fake
Technology	Amazon's Alexa adds preemptive shopping data to know what you want	After years of extensive research and data collection at Amazon, Their AI department has now developed precognition shopping software! Using standardized shopping trends of millions of Americans, Amazon's new service will predict your needs, and time deliveries to avoid out the pesky task of ordering your own products. Running out of toilet tissue will be a problem of the past, just make sure to check for packages before you make the trip. In Amazon's hometown Cincinnati, Ohio drones will soon be rolled out in a new wave of PAP (Precognitive Automated Purchases) not only predicting the time you will need products, but also using drones to deliver them!	Fake
Technology	Machine Learning Opens Up New Ways to Help Disabled People	CC rules require TV stations to provide closed captions that convey speech, sound effects, and audience reactions such as laughter to deaf and hard of hearing viewers. YouTube isn't subject to those rules, but thanks to Google's machine-learning technology, it now offers similar assistance.	Legit
Technology	Solar-Powered.... Skin?	"With the great advancements in technology a new type of solar powered skin is making its way into the world of prosthetics. Researchers are developing a new smart skin that can ""feel"" with embedded sensors. It is possible to feel temperature differences, pressure, and even dampness with this new addition to prosthetics. The ""solar"" part of this new technology comes in when trying to power it. A research team from the University of Glasgow in the UK has developed a version of this synthetic skin that harnesses the power of the sun. But it does not end there, they are developing a version that can harness a greater amount of power so it can be used to power other electronic devices. Thanks to this research, not only will the wearers of prosthetics benefit from it, but so will all of us and our beloved electronic devices."	Fake
Technology	Twitter removes anti-troll tools	"In a bold statement by Ed Ho, Twitter's vice-president of engineering, ""Twitter is no longer going to be censored because of a few bad apples!"". Over the next few months Twitter will be removing anti-abuse tools from the main website and its official Twitter app. Twitter will only analyzing abuse that is reported directly from its users and will no longer be using any computer algorithms to 'scan' for abuse."	Fake
Technology	A surprise new iPhone is here -- and it's red	"Apple (AAPL, Tech30) unveiled Tuesday a special red version of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.  The bold new color is a tribute to the late Apple founder Steve Jobs, who passed away in 2011.  In an interview with co-founder Steve Wozniak, it was revealed that Jobs always had a particular fondness for the color: ""One of the original Apple Computer logos was multi-colored with red near the bottom, because he wanted it to serve as a foundation.  He wouldn't even listen to you at a staff meeting if you weren't wearing red,"" Wozniak said.  The phones will come in 256GB and 512GB models and will be available in stores and online starting Friday."	Fake
Technology	Super Mario Run makes leap to Android	The wildly popular Super Mario Run smartphone game is now available for play on Android devices, Nintendo said Wednesday.	Legit
Technology	AT&T posts big news ads YouTube and Google sites	"AT&T wants to begin a campaign and announce to the world that they are going out of business. The company has decided to honor the best they made with Verizon. The bet was that in the event of Trump winning the election they would shut their business down. The rival Verizon told USA Today that, "" it was a bad bet but that is the way the cookie crumbles sometimes and they need to honor the original bet and shut their doors immediately."""	Fake
Technology	Nintendo Switch game console to launch in March for $299	The Nintendo Switch video game console will sell for about $260 in Japan, starting March 3, the same date as its global rollout in the U.S. and Europe. The Japanese company promises the device will be packed with fun features of all its past machines and more. Nintendo is promising a more immersive, interactive experience with the Switch, including online playing and using the remote controller in games that don't require players to be constantly staring at a display.  	Legit
Technology	Samsung Galaxy Note 7 banned on all U.S. flights due to fire hazard	Samsung Galaxy Note 7 phones will be banned from all airline flights after nearly 100 incidents of the devices overheating and sometimes injuring owners, the Transportation Department announced Friday.	Legit
Technology	Amazon giving away free budget phones.	"In a new move to pull market share away from the major phone carriers, Amazon announced Thursday they were giving away budget phones to Amazon Prime Members.  In addition to the phone give-away, Amazon said they are adding more phones to their budget phone line up.  Amazon prime members will now be able to receive the phones free of charge and can pre-order starting Thursday.  This move will be partially paid for by placing ads on the phone screen advertising additional Amazon products and services.  "" Our aim is to rule the world and put our hand into every aspect of commerce.  Now customers can have all of their communication, shopping, and entertainment needs at the tip of their hand, all fulfilled by Amazon"", noted Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos."	Fake
Technology	Let there be light: German scientists test 'artificial sun'	"Scientists in Germany flipped the switch Thursday on what's being described as ""the world's largest artificial sun,"" a device they hope will help shed light on new ways of making climate-friendly fuels."	Legit
