Domain	Topic	News	Label
Celebrity		Does Drake's New Single Mean He's Already Done  ith His Most Recent Album?	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie & Amal Alamuddin: It's  ar!	 hen George and Amal Clooney celebrated their wedding for a second time on Oct. 25, there was once again two very noticeable guests missing - Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie were nowhere to be seen!	Fake
Celebrity	A Thing For Blondes? Brad Pitt Is Ready To Move On  ith Margot Robbie	Is Brad Pitt back to blondes? Shortly after his split with Angelina Jolie, rumors swirled about Pitt’s on-set chemistry with Allied actress Marion Cotillard. Linked to many of his co-stars throughout his long career, including his soon-to-be ex, it’s no wonder Jolie wasn’t keen to have him work with blonde bombshell, Margot Robbie. A source exclusive to OK! reports, “He thinks she’s the hottest girl in Hollywood right now.” According to the source, the 41 year old actor and President of Plan B Films has “tried to woo her for numerous movie projects. This was a sore subject with Angie who blocked them from working together a few times. Now he’s single again you can expect Brad to go after Margot with a passion.” And who could blame him? The 26 year old Australian beauty has been dubbed “the new Angelina Jolie,” stirring fear in the hearts of celebrity wives. She has her own reputation for on-set chemistry with married actors including  ill Smith.  ith hot and heavy sex scenes and photos surfacing of them looking cozy off camera, Smith himself had to address the rumors on twitter, “It’s disappointing that goofing around on set could be taken so out of context.”	Fake
Celebrity	Tom Hiddleston Stunned Taylor Swift Referenced Him On New Album: Here’s  hy	 hile most of the people who are or were in Taylor Swift’s life most likely knew they’d be called out on her album, Tom Hiddleston thought he was safe! But, is ex mentioned him in T O tracks! Here’s what he thinks …	Fake
Celebrity	JENNIFER ANISTON HINTS AT FRIENDS REUNION	"Jennifer Aniston is making Friends fans very happy! The actress hinted she would be open to appearing in a reunion of the hit NBC show. ""The only thing I can think of doing is maybe for fun doing a Thanksgiving episode,"" Aniston said on a British talk show. However, a spokeswoman for  arner Bros., the studio that produced Friends, told the New York Post that there has been no preliminary discussions about a Friends reunion show."	Fake
Celebrity	Lindsay Lohan: Starlet Lusting After Vladimir Putin!	"LiLo's suddenly aimed her fiery eyes at ""Kremlin Krotch,"" telling pals she's gonna bed and wed notorious Soviet strongman Vladimir Putin - and then be officially crowned ""Princess Pootie-Tang of Russia!"""	Fake
Celebrity	Scientology Showdown! Katie Holmes & Jenna Elfman Caught In Awkward 'GMA' Run-In	For once, the drama at Good Morning America wasn't involving Robin Roberts and her new arch-nemesis, Michael Strahan.	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye  est  ants to Enter Cosmetics Business Like Kylie	Kanye  est wants to go head-to-head with his famous sister-in-law ... diving head first into the cosmetic biz dominated by Kylie Jenner.	Fake
Celebrity	Dancing with the Stars 2017 Cast Includes Charo, Bonner Bolton, Heather Morris & More!	" ho's on Dancing with the Stars? Let's find out! The new Dancing with the Stars 2017 cast was announced on Good Morning America! The Season 24 contestants debuted on the Season Premiere, which also marked the 400th episode of Dancing with the Stars. The show airs MONDAYS 8|7c on ABC. This season's lineup includes Bonner Bolton, Mr. T, Olympians Simone Biles and Nancy Kerrigan, Heather Morris and the original ""Cuchi-Cuchi"" girl, Charo, just to name just a few. Check out the full Dancing with the Stars cast below after you enjoy the amazing opening number from the Season 24 Premiere!"	Legit
Celebrity	Kirsten Dunst explains why she was crying on the Cannes 2017 red carpet	Kirsten Dunst was spotted mysteriously crying on the red carpet at this year’s Cannes Film Festival, and now it seems we have an explanation to the sudden outburst.	Legit
Celebrity	Inside Beyoncé's baby shower	Don't act like you didn't know Beyoncé was going to shut it down when it came to her baby shower.	Legit
Celebrity	Prince - The Truth Behind His Drug Overdose	"As The ENQUIRER reported, Prince had been diagnosed with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, in the 1990s. The Jehovah's  itness chose not to fight the deadly disease with medications due to his faith, believing ""God will save me!"" Six months ago, he was told by doctors he had full-blown AIDS and had just six months to live, sources said. ""He couldn't take the pain the disease was causing him in its last stages,"" an insider told The ENQUIRER. ""And he didn't want to just slowly waste away!"""	Fake
Celebrity	Blake Lively on  omen in Hollywood, Directing and Possible ‘Gossip Girl’ Reunion	As one of Variety’s Power of  omen honorees, Blake Lively will attend a lunch on Friday in support of Child Rescue Coalition. For this week’s issue, the actress spoke about women in Hollywood, shooting in New York for “Gossip Girl,” and what she looks for in a role.	Legit
Celebrity	Nicole Kidman Finally Admits To Botox	As far as we can tell, Botox tops the list of celebrity guilty pleasures: Everybody does it, but nobody talks about it. Except Nicole Kidman, that is.	Legit
Celebrity	Tom Cruise awkwardly swerves question about daughter Suri	Tom Cruise politely responded to a question about daughter Suri at his Mummy premiere last night, but didn't appear comfortable enough talking about her to elaborate on the answer.	Legit
Celebrity	Yes, Kim Kardashian And Kanye  est Are Signing A Prenup, But Guess  ho Is  orth More	The fact that Kim Kardashian and Kanye  est plan to sign a prenuptial agreement probably won't come as a surprise to many, but recent claims on who is worth more probably will.	Legit
Celebrity	Caitlyn Jenner: false rumors around her, her strained family ties and her candid memoir! Read on it here! –	RadarOnline published a story about Caitlyn claiming that the transgender reality TV star and former decathlete is going online to explore her sexuality and has been enjoying a number of secret ‘cyber hookups’. The definition of ‘hookups’ has not been clarified in the story. But the report states that Caitlyn Jenner has been into online romances without any offline interactions with the clients. The tabloid has quoted an insider as saying:	Legit
Celebrity	Aquaman actresses Nicole Kidman and Amber Heard feuding on DC movie set?	James  an started filming for Aquaman in Australia last month.  hile Jason Momoa and Mera actress Amber Heard have already shot their first scene together, Queen Atlanna actress Nicole Kidman reached a few days ago. Following her landing, there have reportedly been feud sparks on the sets.	Fake
Celebrity	Chelsea Handler Thinks 'It's Crazy' People Think Jennifer Aniston Cares About  hat's Going on Between Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt	Laughter is the best medicine when it comes to coping with rumors in Hollywood, at least for Chelsea Handler and bestie Jennifer Aniston.	Legit
Celebrity	Chelsea Handler Has Nothing Nice to Say About Ben Affleck (EXCLUSIVE)	Hoes over bros! Apparently, comedian Chelsea Handler takes that mantra to heart because she is ready to tear into her best friend, Jennifer Garner's ex, Ben Affleck. The 42-year-old is 100 percent #TeamJen in the Ben/Jen split — and honestly, can you blame her? In Touch has the exclusive scoop on what exactly Chelsea has in store for the Argo star.	Fake
Celebrity	Oscars: Mel Gibson, Casey Affleck and Hollywood's Sliding Scale of Moral Punishment	"The men's restroom of the Landmark Theatres in  est L.A. is as good a place as any to gauge the true sentiments of Oscar voters. Following a showing of Hacksaw Ridge a few Saturdays ago, I found myself washing my hands next to two gentlemen — both appeared to be about 63, the average age of Academy members, with one wearing a Kung Fu Panda 2 cap (the kind of hat a grown man doesn't wear unless he worked on the movie) discussing what they had just seen. ""Didn't want to like that one but ... ,"" the first man said, trailing off. ""But Mel can direct,"" the friend finished."	Legit
Celebrity	Vanessa Lachey breaks silence amid ‘D TS’ feud rumors	This dancing duo is trying to find their rhythm.	Legit
Celebrity	George Clooney's $220M  edding Disaster - Prenup Feud, Guest List Flub & Planner Quit!	George Clooney's upcoming nuptials to fiancee Amal Alamuddin is turning out to be disastrous - a prenup the couple has been arguing over, worries about a guest list feud and their wedding planner quitting - and the couple might not even make it down the aisle!	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian talks her surrogate	She's expecting her third child via surrogate.	Fake
Celebrity	Janet Jackson's Secret Plastic Surgery	Janet Jackson is tired of hiding her withered old lady hands under long sleeves and gloves — so now she’s giving them a makeover!	Fake
Celebrity	New father Ryan Gosling puffs on a cigarette as he films new movie The Nice Guys	Ryan Gosling on the set of his new film 'The Nice Guys' in Atlanta yesterday[AKM-GSI]	Legit
Celebrity	Social Media Addicted Kim Kardashian Slammed For Ignoring No-Phone Rule At Serena  illiams’  edding!	An insider told us that a babysitter followed the reality TV star to make sure she respected the rules. Serena  illiams and Alexis Ohanian’s wedding was one to remember for sure, and Kim Kardashian was also there. But as we’ve learned, the Keeping Up with the Kardashians celeb has trouble staying away from social media for too long.	Fake
Celebrity	Nicole Kidman Charmingly Bungles Through a Comment on Her Alexander Skarsgård Kiss at the Emmys	Ah, Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban. She, an Australian film fixture once married to Hollywood’s leading man. He, an Australian country singer with a Nashville heart. Together they are a bi-coastal, bi-country, bi-continent power couple. Go on, watch them walk down any red carpet together and try to remain uncharmed. They’re two charm factories who make distinctive hair choices! You have no chance! That’s why when she won best actress for her electric Big Little Lies role, and kissed her television husband, the very tall Alexander Skarsgård, on the lips while her actual husband looked lovingly on, everyone was like, “ hat? Huh? On the lips?”	Legit
Celebrity	 ATCH: Donald Trump's Ex- ife Marla Maples Gets Emotional About Life as a Single Mom on Dancing with the Stars	"""I just consider having a child the greatest gift in the world,"" Donald Trump's ex-wife says in a Dancing with the Stars preview clip exclusive to PEOPLE. ""Every single moment, the good, the challenging, the joyful, the painful, all of it is so important."""	Legit
Celebrity	'Fifty Shades Darker' Update: Jamie Dornan, Dakota Johnson split after feuding on set; Film's release delayed?	Fifty Shades Darker may now be in trouble with reported feuding between cast members Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson.	Fake
Celebrity		Kylie 'Fuming' Over 'Copycat' Sister Kim’s Perfume Launch	Fake
Celebrity	Does Madonna  ant To Send Rebellious Rocco To Military School?	The reason why Madonna's son Rocco bolted for his father's home is becoming clearer. It seems that Madonna is a bit more strict at home than one would imagine, and she wants to send son Rocco to military school. Rocco Ritchie, 15, does not want to go, and while on tour with Madonna, he ran off to live with his father.	Fake
Celebrity	Tyga Reveals Details About Kylie Jenner Breakup	In a new interview with Big Boy TV, Tyga-a month out from his split with Kylie Jenner-revealed new information about what led to the couple's demise.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian ‘Allergic’ To Jewelry After Traumatic Paris Robbery	Even though it’s been a while since then and we all thought the reality TV star was a lot better, it seems like the horrifying Paris robbery is very much still on Kim Kardashian’s mind.	Fake
Celebrity	Kris Jenner Is Concerned for Future Generations of Kardashians	Kris Jenner, mother of six and grandmother to six more, is a busy matriarch. Since the start of her family’s reality show in 2007, it’s clear that she’s been keeping one eye trained on the reality-TV circus and the other on how that circus affects her family. During a new reality-TV roundtable with The Hollywood Reporter, Jenner said she worries about how her six grandchildren will be affected by the family business.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber Asks 'Taylor Swift  hat Up' in Pic  ith Kanye  est	" e're not sure what it means yet, but on Tuesday morning (Aug. 2) Justin Bieber elicited more than 85,000 comments in just under six hours for a snap of himself in round John Lennon-style sunglasses FaceTiming with none other than Kanye  est. But it's the caption that has the Internet speculating: ""Taylor swift what up,"" Bieber wrote."	Legit
Celebrity	'Second Act' Cast Stars Milo Ventimiglia & Jennifer Lopez & No One Can Control Their Emotions	Get ready for one of the hottest movie couples ever... and it's a pretty unexpected one, too! TV heartthrob Milo Ventimiglia just signed on to Jennifer Lopez's upcoming romantic comedy, Second Act, and it sounds like we're going to see some sparks fly between them. Milo Ventimiglia will play J. Lo's boyfriend in the new movie, according to Variety, and the casting news has fans of the two stars shook.	Legit
Celebrity	Kevin Hart Begs  ife Eniko Parrish For Forgiveness  ith $250000 Push Gift	Kevin Hart is telling himself — nothing says “I am sorry for cheating and humiliating you” like a $250,000 gift.	Fake
Celebrity	Chris Pratt Snubs Justin Bieber Friendship	Do the stars that pray together play together? Not if they’re Justin Bieber and Chris Pratt!	Fake
Celebrity	Leah Remini Opens Up About Her Friendship  ith Jennifer Lopez And The Scientology Connection	Jennifer Lopez and ex-Scientologist Leah Remini are the best of friends. They have known each other for several years and have been through a lot. Come what may, their friendship weathers through. It has always seemed that Leah was the only one with a Church of Scientology connection, but that isn’t the case.	Fake
Celebrity	Prince  illiam & Kate Attend First Royal Garden Party of the Season	 ith warm weather comes one thing: garden parties!	Legit
Celebrity	Cameron Diaz	The Resume	Fake
Celebrity	Kevin Hart and  ife Eniko Parrish Share Sweet Photos of Baby Kenzo	Kevin Hart and wife Eniko Parrish shared an adorable photo of their newborn, Kenzo Kash Hart, and the parents couldn’t help but gush!	Legit
Celebrity	Biggest Costar Feuds and Fights Ever!	Costar conflicts!  hile celebs remain professional when the cameras are rolling, behind the scenes there are catfights, crying and eye-rolling.  hether they were forced to work together for several seasons of a hit TV show or a few months for a film, these stars just couldn't seem to get along.	Fake
Celebrity	Caitlyn Jenner: Robert Kardashian Believed O.J. Simpson Guilty of Murder	"Caitlyn Jenner’s forthcoming memoir, The Secrets of My Life, is billed as a book in which she ""reflects on her past as she looks to her future.""  hile she touches on a number of topics, such as her Olympic triumph and three failed marriages, the revelation that Robert Kardashian allegedly told her that he believed O.J. Simpson was guilty of killing Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman is making waves."	Legit
Celebrity	Claims Anne Hathaway made 'diva' demands at charity event	ANNE Hathaway has been accused of acting like a diva and submitting a long list of demands before a cancer charity event in Santa Monica earlier this month.	Fake
Celebrity	QUEEN BEY!! Beyonce Gets Taylor Swift BANNED From The VMAs	August 27, 2016: In case you were wondering who is the most important person in music – it's BEYONCE. Earlier this week it was announced that Taylor Swift would NOT be performing at this year's VMA Awards.  ell according to reports it was Beyonce who got Taylor banned.	Fake
Celebrity	Expectant Kylie Jenner Is An ‘Emotional  reck’  hile In Hiding, Source Reveals – ‘She Feels So Alone!’	 hat’s even worse is that her only real help, matriarch Kris Jenner doesn’t really have the time to deal with her youngest daughter’s drama. According to new reports, the stress of having to keep her pregnancy under wraps has been taking a toll on 20-year-old Kylie Jenner.	Fake
Celebrity	Fifty Shades Darker news: Jamie Dornan reveals TRUTH behind Dakota Johnson 'awkwardness'	FIFTY SHADES DARKER star Jamie Dornan has revealed what his relationship with co-star Dakota Johnson is really like - admitting the first film was a little on the bumpy side.	Legit
Celebrity	 hoopi Goldberg & New Host Rosie O'Donnell At  ar - Tension On 'The View,' Fighting Over Seating Arrangements	 ith only a few weeks until The View premieres with  hoopi Goldberg and Rosie O'Donnell, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that on the set, the two divas are already at a stand-off over who will get the moderator seat.	Fake
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs Take Cannes in His-and-Hers Dior	Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs rarely adhere to traditional rules of style, and when it was time for the pair to hit Cannes , they gave the red carpet a daring couples' moment.  earing his-and-hers Dior at the premiere of Pattinson’s latest film, Good Time , they showed two sides of the storied French brand, with Pattinson, a face of the label, going classic in a dapper three-piece Dior Homme black suit and Twigs opting for audacity in a postcard print-covered dress.	Legit
Celebrity	Chris Pratt and Anna Faris Are Definitely Raising a Theater Kid	Chris Pratt and Anna Faris’s four-year-old son, Jack, is growing up in what is, essentially, an immersive-theater class.  hen Pratt spoke to Ellen DeGeneres on her talk show Friday, he said that he and Faris, both professional actors, take parenting, specifically story time, very seriously.	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie on Cambodia 'awakening'	"Angelina Jolie has spoken about how Cambodia was her ""awakening"", as she premiered her new film in the country."	Legit
Celebrity		Pregnant Kylie Jenner Is 'Very Self-Conscious' About Her Changing Body, Says Source	Fake
Celebrity	2015 Daytime Emmy Awards: Betty  hite, Ellen DeGeneres & More  inners	Rise and shine TV lovers! It's time to celebrate the best in daytime.	Legit
Celebrity	Laverne Cox and Rob Lowe applaud Caitlyn Jenner for ESPYS speech	Celebrities including LAVERNE COX, ROB LO E and RUSSELL SIMMONS have taken to social media to congratulate CAITLYN JENNER for her powerful acceptance speech at the ESPYS on  ednesday night (15Jul15).	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Gets a Surprise Visit From Hillary Clinton	Hillary Clinton recently paid a visit to the Queen ... Bey, that is!	Fake
Celebrity	"Leonardo DiCaprio Also Enjoyed Staring at ""Salvator Mundi,"" $100 Million da Vinci"	One might not normally expect to find Leonardo DiCaprio , Patti Smith , Alex Rodriguez, and Jennifer Lopez at the same party (well, the last two, perhaps), but this weekend, all four were among the estimated 4,500 attendees of an auction preview at Christie’s. There, they had the chance to get eyes on “Salvator Mundi,” a Leonardo da Vinci painting previously thought lost that is being touted as “ The Last da Vinci ” leading up to its auction tonight.	Legit
Celebrity	Has Tom Hiddleston's 'Embarrassing' Romance  ith Taylor Swift Cost Him a Job?	"Yikes, Tom Hiddleston and Taylor Swift's romance (showmance?) really isn't having the effect that their PR teams had hoped for, with Tom reportedly losing a huge contract due to the ""embarrassing"" display."	Fake
Celebrity	Scarlett Johansson's New Man Has Confirmed They Are Dating	From the editors of HelloGiggles	Legit
Celebrity	Kathy Griffin predicts career is over, says Trump 'broke me'	Embattled comedian Kathy Griffin says she's not afraid of Donald Trump and plans to keep making fun of him but maintained that she's sorry for a video that depicted her holding a likeness of the president's severed, bloody head.	Legit
Celebrity	Rebounding Revenge! Selena Gomez And Orlando Bloom Are Hooking Up To Make Miranda Kerr And Justin Bieber Jealous?!	This weekend wasn't the first time we saw Selena Gomez and Orlando Bloom together, so can you blame us for speculating???!	Fake
Celebrity	Kevin Hart and Eniko Parrish welcome baby	The comedian tweeted Tuesday that his wife, Eniko Parrish, had given birth to their son.	Legit
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson Finally Has Successful Movie - Twilight Curse Over? | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Robert Pattinson is elated at the success of his upcoming film, “Good Time”. The film premiered at Cannes Film Festival and the movie and actor received a six-minute standing ovation. There is also Oscar buzz surrounding Robert, with some speculating he could receive a Best Actor nomination.	Fake
Celebrity	Jim Carrey On Another Planet! Thinks Alien Reptiles Rule Earth	Comic Jim Carrey is secretly a follower of a kooky conspiracy nut who believes alien reptiles run the world! Even nuttier, the Dumb and Dumber star plans to go public with his commitment to whack job David Icke’s bizarre theory!	Fake
Celebrity	Victoria Beckham's big fashion guide: Posh Spice to write book telling Brits how to dress	Posh is set to release the book next year to mark 10 years in the fashion business. The Spice Girl-turned-designer is said to have teamed up with US Vogue editor Anna  intour. The pair have become close friends in recent years, with  intour said to be the driving force behind the guide.	Fake
Celebrity	Mehgan James Speaks Out On Rob Kardashian Dating Rumors	"Has Rob Kardashian found a new boo in Bad Girls Club alum Mehgan James? Media outlets began reporting last week that Rob and Mehgan were in the ""early stages"" in their relationship, with an anonymous insider telling In Touch, ""Rob's been seeing Mehgan James for almost three months, and most of the Kardashians are very upset about it because Mehgan is known for being out of control and volatile. The Kardashians want Rob to find a woman who is kind and calm."""	Legit
Celebrity	Is Leonardo DiCaprio losing interest in love life amid midlife crisis?	The Titanic star's name has recently been dragged by a magazine and claimed the 43-year-old star is becoming anti-social day by day.	Fake
Celebrity	Kris Jenner Just Broke Her Silence On Kylie's Pregnancy	If you didn't already know that Kylie Jenner is pregnant, well, let me be the first to tell you: Kylie Jenner is pregnant!	Legit
Celebrity	Sour Note! Zayn Forced Into Disastrous Duet  ith Taylor	RadarOnline.com has learned Zayn Malik and Taylor Swift’s Fifty Shades Darker duet only came about after he was forced to collaborate with the superstar.	Fake
Celebrity	Brad Pitt Struggles To Smile At Hollywood Event  hile Custody Battle  ears Him Down	After a long court battle with his former wife Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt showed up with a relax and smiling aura in Malibu on Saturday night.	Fake
Celebrity	"Julia Roberts and Danny Moder May Be Headed for Divorce: ""The Problems Keep Piling Up"""	Say it ain't so!	Fake
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner  ants to Break Free From the Kardashian Clan	Kendall Jenner is ready to move on from her famous family! In Touch has exclusively learned that the 18-year-old model wants out of the Kardashians to further her own career.	Fake
Celebrity	Jessica Simpson Flashes Her Butt for Eric Johnson's Birthday: Pic	Less is more! Jessica Simpson celebrated her husband Eric Johnson’s 38th birthday by sharing a racy tribute to Instagram on Sunday, September 17.	Legit
Celebrity	Melania's camp denies US  eekly's 'separate bed' report	Melania Trump has issued her own executive order: She refuses to share a bed with Donald Trump.	Legit
Celebrity	Mariah Carey in talks for The X Factor - report	Mariah Carey is in talks to join The X Factor judging panel.	Legit
Celebrity	Chris Hemsworth's, Charlize Theron’s Kids Played Together on ‘Huntsman’ Set	A pretty awesome playdate! Chris Hemsworth and Charlize Theron revealed that they both brought their kids to work while they were filming The Huntsman:  inter’s  ar, and it totally changed the dynamics of the set.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston: I'm Not a 'Sad, Childless Human'	Jennifer Aniston has no doubt that husband Justin Theroux is the one for her.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston wants to set up a wellness centre	Jennifer Aniston wants to open a wellness centre in the future. The space would house treatments, as well as a healthy cafe.	Legit
Celebrity	Brad Pitt Texts Jennifer Aniston Nonstop: Seeks Intense Emotional Support After Angelina Jolie Divorce! | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston have reportedly gotten back in touch through texting, even though sources from both sides are falling over themselves to clarify that it's 'just texting' and not anything more serious.	Fake
Celebrity	 hat Cher Actually Eats in a Day to Stay So Unbelievably Fit	At the Billboard Music Awards, Cher took the stage to perform two of her greatest hits, and we were amazed by how incredible the Billboard Icon Award recipient looks at age 71.	Legit
Celebrity	Kate Middleton & Prince  illiam Try To Save Crumbling Marriage?	If true, rumors have it that it may be Prince  illiam's grandmother Queen Elizabeth's doing. It has been reported previously that she does not like Kate's commoner ways.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift Cries During Selena Gomez's Heartbreaking AMA Performance, Gets Some Serious Side Eye	"Taylor Swift was moved to tears by Selena Gomez's debut performance of ""The Heart  ants  hat It  ants"" at the 2014 American Music Awards."	Legit
Celebrity	Prince  illiam and Kate Middleton Moving Out Of Kensington Palace? | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Prince  illiam and Kate Middleton are already thinking about moving out of Kensington Palace. That’s because  illiam doesn’t want his children Prince George and Princess Charlotte to grow up behind palace walls. Instead, he wants them to live a life out of the spotlight and as far away from the paparazzi as possible.	Fake
Celebrity	"Brad Pitt Is ""Still in Contact""  ith Ex Jennifer Aniston Following Angelina Jolie Divorce (REPORT)"	Talk about friendly exes!	Fake
Celebrity	 hat’s Kanye  est’s Next Move?	There’s something missing. Can you feel it? A slight twinge in the universe, quick and subtle, but a definite sign that something in the world just shifted. Ah, here’s what it is—Kanye  est just deleted his Twitter and Instagram accounts.	Legit
Celebrity	Here's How Kim Kardashian  est, Kanye  est, and North  est Do  eekend Style at the Mall	Between trips to Paris Fashion  eek and Ikea's HQ in Sweden, the  ests have had a busy week. But like most families, they prefer to do weekends closer to home, and paid a visit to their local mall in Los Angeles yesterday, stopping by the Build-A-Bear  orkshop in coordinating outfits.	Legit
Celebrity	Miranda Lambert  rites Loving Post for 2-Year Anniversary with Boyfriend Anderson East	Miranda Lambert marked her second anniversary with Anderson East Tuesday by sharing a sweet snap on Instagram of herself and her musical beau sharing a kiss.	Legit
Celebrity	YOUNG M.A SAYS NICKI MINAJ IS 'JUST SHO ING LOVE, GIVING PROPS':  ATCH	Getting high praise from Nicki Minaj is anyone's dream, and Fuse First artist Young M.A was the lucky one when Minaj called into the Breakfast Club radio show to talk about the up-and-comer in October.	Legit
Celebrity	This Is  hat Justin Bieber Did Instead of Going to the Grammys	Despite earning four nominations for his album Purpose, Justin Bieber had no plans to attend the Grammy awards this year. Rather than sitting at home alone, however, he decided to go out for sushi, and took fans along for the ride on his Instagram Story. (Other bystanders captured a few snaps of him walking into the restaurant as well for a full 360-degree look at what it's like to have dinner with Justin.)	Legit
Celebrity	 hat Jennifer Lopez Just Revealed to Ellen About Drake & Dating Younger Men	"Jennifer Lopez stopped by the ""Ellen DeGeneres Show,"" where Ellen put her on the hot seat to ask about her relationship with Drake and the rumor she likes to date younger men."	Legit
Celebrity	Gwen Stefani is returning to 'The Voice,' but what about Miley Cyrus?	"Gwen Stefani is all set to return to the hot seat on ""The Voice,"" but whose chair is she snatching?"	Legit
Celebrity	 ild Rumor: Justin Bieber Canceled His Purpose Tour to Start His Own Church	"Justin Bieber shocked the Belieber community worldwide yesterday when he abruptly canceled the remainder of his Purpose tour. Bieber had 14 shows left, including several in the U.S. and Asia. A photographer caught the Biebs yesterday in L.A., and he explained he just needed a break after 16 months of touring. ""Yeah, everything's fine, yeah"" he told the man on camera. ""I've been on tour for two years. It is [a long stretch,] yeah. Yes, [I'm looking forward] to resting, getting some relaxation, I'm going to ride some bikes."""	Legit
Celebrity	'I was boozing too much': Brad Pitt talks about split from Angelina Jolie	"Brad Pitt has revealed he was ""boozing too much"" and told how he slept on a friend's floor for six weeks after his split from Angelina Jolie because it was ""too sad"" to return home."	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Trying To Steal Kanye  est's Money Through Elaborate Prenup Scheme?	Is Kim Kardashian trying to steal Kanye  est's money along with his fame? According to a new report from Star, Kim is treating her prenup to Kanye like a business transaction, which is probably a smart decision. Let's be realistic – how long is this marriage going to last? Two years? Five years? She's already gone through this rodeo once, and she knows that eventually, she'll end up getting Kanye's money if she plays her cards right. The only question is – how much?	Fake
Celebrity	Did Angelina Jolie Fake Maddox Jolie Pitt's Adoption? Inside The Shocking Claims	Angelina Jolie is famous for adopting kids from around the world, but did she obtain her first son, Maddox, using falsified documents? Maddox's real Cambodian father has come forward with the shocking claims that Jolie doesn't have legal power of attorney over the 15-year-old.	Fake
Celebrity	Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx Have Seemingly Dropped Their Stealth Act	For more than four years, rumors have surrounded Katie Holmes, Jamie Foxx, and their apparent under-the-radar romance. For a pair of very famous people they’ve managed to avoid the cameras for ages, though in the last year they seemed to be making less of an effort to hide, even spotted in May boarding a private plane in Paris, where Foxx was filming Robin Hood. At the same time, tabloids claimed that the two were “ready to go public.”	Legit
Celebrity	Late-Night Hosts React to O.J. Simpson Parole News	O.J. Simpson was granted parole Thursday, after serving almost nine years in prison for armed robbery and assault with a weapon, and late-night TV had a lot to say about it.	Legit
Celebrity	Miley And Liam Fighting? False Rumors Swirl That They're In A Feud Over A Supposed Prenup	Are Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth fighting? A new report claims that Cyrus and Hemsworth had a huge fight over their supposed prenup while they were making their wedding plans.	Legit
Celebrity	Lady Gaga Announces Netflix Documentary, Talks Madonna Feud	Lady Gaga is ready to open up. The “Joanne” singer has a candid documentary titled Gaga: Five Foot Two premiering on Netflix on September 22.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian fails to congratulate Beyonce over twin pregnancy news while BFF Chrissy Teigen appears to mock superstar's announcement	The reality star did not join the list of stars tweeting their joy about Bey's good news	Legit
Celebrity	Did Beyonce Give Birth To Her Twins? New Report Claims She Just Did	Did Beyonce just have her twins? Rumors have been flying that Queen Bey gave birth to a precious boy and adorable girl on Saturday, May 20, according to an exciting new report!	Fake
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie Opens Up to PEOPLE About Her 'Difficult' Year: 'I Am a Little Bit Stronger'	Much has changed over the last year in Angelina Jolie‘s life, but one thing has remained constant — her dedication to her children.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian: Nude Cookbook on the  ay?!?	Not everyone is a fan of Kim Kardashian and/or the books she pretends to write.	Fake
Celebrity	Keith Urban Jealous: Nicole Kidman Admits She Begged HBO To Cast Alexander Skarsgard As Her Love Interest | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Nicole Kidman is making it pretty clear that she desperately wanted Alexander Skarsgard to be cast as her husband in ‘Big Little Lies.’ Nicole is starring in the new HBO drama series along with Reese  itherspoon, Shailene  oodley and Laura Dern. The show tells the story of three mothers who try to move on after a tragedy that almost destroyed their lives.	Fake
Celebrity	Are Kendall, Kylie Jenner and Gigi, Bella Hadid headed for a nasty feud?	It looks like a case of siblings' war. Two of the most popular siblings' duo – Kendall, Kylie and Bella, Gigi – are reported to be on the verge of a nasty feud.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift's 'Reputation': All the gossip about Joe Alwyn, Kanye  est and Tom Hiddleston	In the preface of her two Reputation-themed magazines, which feature photos, poetry and hand-written lyrics to celebrate the release of her sixth album, Swift lamented the inevitable news stories that guess at the targets of her lyrics.	Legit
Celebrity	Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx Come Out As an Item, After 'Tom Cruise Ban' Expires	Now here’s something to really jump up and down on the couch for.	Fake
Celebrity	Kate Middleton Desperate To Save Prince  illiam Marriage: Can't Let Go Of Pampered Royal Lifestyle | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Kate Middleton might be angry with her husband Prince  illiam for embarrassing their family with his bizarre dancing and drinking during his ski trip, and all of the cheating rumors, but that doesn’t mean she’ll be divorcing him anytime soon. In fact, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge tried to convince everyone that they are still madly in love during their trip to Paris this weekend.	Fake
Celebrity	"ROSIE O FLEES CRAZY ""HOUSE IVES"" NEIGHBORS"	"Run ROSIE RUN – right back onto ""The View""!  HY?!"	Fake
Celebrity	Julia Roberts Cuddles Up to Danny Moder Ahead of Their 15th  edding Anniversary	Julia Roberts and husband Danny Moder were spotted on a casual outing in Malibu, CA, on Saturday afternoon. The couple, who is going on 15 years of marriage in July, put on a loving display as they wrapped their arms around each other and Julia appeared to whisper something in Danny's ear.  hile we haven't seen the couple out and about together since November, Julia made history in April when she was named People's Most Beautiful  oman for the fifth time. It was also revealed earlier this week that Julia will be returning to the big screen in Crystal City Entertainment's adaptation of The Bookseller. Julia will not only star in the film, but she's also producing the project alongside Lisa Gillan, Marisa Yeres Gill, Jonathan Rubenstein, and Ari Pinchot.	Legit
Celebrity	Digital Diva! Inside Caitlyn Jenner’s Secret Cyber Hookups	RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that Caitlyn Jenner is exploring her sexuality online and has been enjoying a string of secret cyber “hookups”.	Fake
Celebrity	Michelle Obama open to plastic surgery, Botox injections	As first lady Michelle Obama prepares to turn 50 on Friday, she isn’t ruling out having some work done on her face in the future.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyoncé Serves Up Lots of Smiles at Serena  illiams'  edding to Alexis Ohanian	 hen she sees two people “Crazy in Love,” Beyoncé can’t help but smile.	Legit
Celebrity	Malia Obama Has Barack And Michelle  orried – Can She Handle Life Alone In New York City?	Malia Obama, 18, is adjusting to her new life outside of the  hite House and the changes are not easy to handle for her famous parents – former President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama.	Fake
Celebrity	Too Many Stars to Count Support Stand Up to Cancer	Loads of stars stepped out for the Hollywood Stands Up to Cancer event in LA on Tuesday night. The fundraiser, which was hosted by Reese  itherspoon and her husband, Jim Toth, brought out cute couples like Diane Kruger and Joshua Jackson and Jessica Alba and Cash  arren, as well as Selena Gomez, Drew Barrymore, and Gwyneth Paltrow. Gwyneth herself has been a longtime supporter of the Stand Up to Cancer program since her father, Bruce Paltrow, died of lung cancer in 2002.	Legit
Celebrity	Here's How Brad Pitt Feels About Donald Trump as President	As a southern man born in Oklahoma and raised in Missouri, Brad Pitt stems from a place where people typically support Donald Trump and his run in the 2016 Presidential Election.	Legit
Celebrity	Tyga To Reveal The Ugly Truth About Kylie Jenner And Kardashians In New Tell-All Book, Insiders Say	"Tyga and Kylie Jenner have made it to Splitsville, according to E! News, and it looks like things could get pretty ugly in the near future. Although the relationship is reportedly over, it doesn't look like the two have ended on amicable terms, and things are only beginning to heat up. According to Perez Hilton, Tyga is reportedly planning to release a tell-all book in the wake of his big break-up with Kylie. Insiders close to the ""Make It Nasty"" rapper have dropped a few details about the rumored upcoming book."	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift's camp denies that singer is launching her own streaming service	A source close to Taylor Swift has reportedly denied suggestions that the singer is set to launch her own streaming service.	Legit
Celebrity	Heidi Klum and Seal Have a Friendly Reunion at Billboard Music Awards 2016	Heidi Klum and Seal were the epitome of friendly exes at the 2016 Billboard Music Awar Sunday night.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber pokes fun at himself after stepping out with an wet mark	Accidents happen, but this star is not sorry about it.	Fake
Celebrity	Jane Fonda really didn't want to talk about plastic surgery with Megyn Kelly	"Fonda appeared with Robert Redford on ""Megyn Kelly Today"" on  edesnday to promote their new film, ""Our Souls at Night."" But the interview took a turn mere minutes in as Kelly turned the conversation with the two legends to the subject of aging."	Legit
Celebrity	Halle Berry sparks pregnancy rumours after displaying baby bump on red carpet	Halle Berry, 50, has sparked rumours she is expecting her third child after debuting what looks like a ‘baby bump’ on the red carpet at the 16th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball in Los Angeles.	Fake
Celebrity	"Miley Cyrus Reflects on Her Breakup  ith Liam Hemsworth: ""I  as on the Right Path"""	"Miley Cyrus recently dropped her new single, ""Malibu,"" which is clearly inspired by her rekindled relationship with Liam Hemsworth, and during an interview with SiriusXM's Hits 1 in Hollywood earlier this week, the 24-year-old singer further opened up about her 2013 split from Liam. ""I think — know — that everything is happening for the right reason, and I knew that when we weren't together for the first time,"" Miley said of the advice she would give her younger self. ""I didn't know if that was the end of it, or if we'd be back together again, but knew that wherever I was going, I was on the right path."""	Legit
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth Maybe Got Secret-Married Last April	"In September, Miley Cyrus told The Sun on Sunday that she and her fiancé Liam Hemsworth had no wedding plans anytime soon. ""I don’t envision marriage,"" she told The Sun on Sunday. ""I’m 24. I hope to get to live a little bit more. I have too much living to do [before I get married]."" (Her mother Tish Cyrus made the same point when asked about a rumored Miley-Liam elopement in June, too.)"	Fake
Celebrity	The new directions of One Direction: what do the solo projects tell us?	This morning, One Direction’s Liam Payne dropped Stripped Down, his debut single, which can best be described as something that certainly exists.	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner Banned From NBA Over 'Kardashian Curse'	Kendall Jenner hopes to watch her new man play at courtside this season, but NBA bosses are playing hardball with the Leggy 21-year-old model!	Fake
Celebrity	Josh Duhamel was over Fergie ‘being a rock star again’	Josh Duhamel was tired of his pop-star wife Fergie’s “partying” before their breakup, we’re told.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston Cheated On Brad Pitt  ith Matt LeBlanc  hile Married? - Report	Brad Pitt, 51, may not have been the only one with a wandering eye during his marriage to Jennifer Aniston, 46. An explosive new interview with Matt LeBlanc's dad, Paul LeBlanc, reveals that the actress actually cheated on her then-husband with her Friends co-star long before Brad met Angelina Jolie, 40, on the set of Mr. and Mrs. Smith!	Fake
Celebrity	The Secret to Ellen DeGeneres' Ageless Look	"Makeup artist Pati Dubroff has worked with Ellen DeGeneres on ad campaigns and fashion spreads galore, so she knew exactly what look would work best on the talk show host for Shape's May cover shoot-natural and understated with just a hint of color. She used a damp wedge sponge to perfect our cover model's skin with just a touch of CoverGirl Simply Ageless Concealer and Corrector. ""Ellen's skin has a natural glow already, so she doesn't need much makeup,"" says Pati. Not all of us are blessed with such youthful skin, but you can get an amazing complexion like Ellen's with these anti-aging tips from the makeup pro:"	Legit
Celebrity	Anna Faris Feels Insecure Because Of Her Husband's Affair with Jennifer Lawrence! Is Chris Pratt To Blame? – Live Rumours	Jennifer Lawrence, who is heart of millions of boys, recently made all her fans shocked.  ell it was not in the movie, but from the news; rather we say a rumour having an affair with Chris Pratt. Most of us' mind freeze because of these alleged highlights in tabloids, but later both of them finely denied. As of Jennifer's choice, she has chosen to be single for now; while Chris is already tied with Anna Faris. Faris feels insecurity because of this faked news fueling the tabloids about love between her husband Chris and Jennifer though.  ell, is it true or not, we will cover it in this article!	Fake
Celebrity	Drake Invites Taylor Swift To Stay At His House After Alleged Stalking Incident	"""Taylor [Swift] being stalked and freaked out about it doesn't sit well with Drake. He's real heated that she has lunatics intruding on her personal space, and he's told her he'd personally send a few of his boys to keep an eye on her and be her bodyguards. He's definitely been comforting for her! He's telling her everything is going to be alright and wants to make absolute certain that she feels safe and secure when she's out in public."	Fake
Celebrity	It's Over! Jennifer Lawrence & Darren Aronofsky's Hot Fling Cools ALREADY	Jennifer Lawrence and Darren Aronofsky are already cooling down and taking a break from their intense romance, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian displays shocking hair loss after 'relying on weaves'	She's left fans green with envy thanks to her incredible post-pregnancy weight loss. 	Fake
Celebrity	Prince Harry is Moving to the US to Find a  ife!	Prince Harry is moving across the pond - and has big plans to find a wife in the US!	Fake
Celebrity		Kanye  est Enraged Taylor Swift Referenced Kim Kardashian’s Robbery In Music Video	Fake
Celebrity	rad Pitt attends charity concert with Sting in rare public appearance following split from Angelina Jolie	Brad Pitt reemerged in the spotlight Saturday after keeping a low profile for months following his split from Angelina Jolie.	Legit
Celebrity	Brad Pitt's Side of the Story: He 'Did Not Hit' Maddox as Plane Fight with Angelina Jolie 'Got Out of Hand,' Says Source	Brad Pitt did not strike his son Maddox during a heated mid-flight argument with Angelina Jolie last week, according to a source with knowledge of the situation.	Legit
Celebrity	Taylor Swift Spending Millions of Dollars on New Boyfriend, Joe Alwyn: False News or True? | Celeb Dirty Laundry	Pop superstar Taylor Swift is buying new boyfriend Joe Alwyn by squandering millions of dollars on her lover according to some reports. Taylor has always been the bigger money earner in all of her relationships. Even though past boyfriends such as Jake Gyllenhaal, John Mayer, Tom Hiddleston, and Calvin Harris were millionaires, their bank accounts still paled in comparison to Taylor’s whopping $300 million estimated net worth.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lawrence 'stripped naked and demanded Kanye  est styled her' after drinking five martinis at Kris Jenner's house	Jennifer Lawrence ended up naked in Kris Jenner's wardrobe after downing five martinis.	Fake
Celebrity	Sorry ASAP Rocky, Kendall Jenner Has A Desperate Plan To  in Back Harry Styles!	Kendall Jenner is dating rapper ASAP Rocky, but according to a source, she has devised a plan to win back her ex, Harry Styles! All she has to do is what she does best — send nudes!	Fake
Celebrity	Kirsten Dunst suddenly breaks down in tears at Cannes Film Festival	She gained global recognition for her role in Interview  ith The Vampire at the tender age of 12, so she is no stranger to commanding attention on the red carpet.	Fake
Celebrity	Glenn Close denies that she pipped Meryl Streep to play Hillary Clinton	Forget what you heard: Glenn Close has not pipped Meryl Streep to play Hillary Clinton in an upcoming movie about the former Secretary of State and presidential hopeful's life.	Legit
Celebrity	AMAL CLOONEY IS THE MOST INFLUENTIAL  OMAN IN LONDON	You'd be forgiven for thinking the most powerful woman in London might be the Duchess of Cambridge, or even supermodel Kate Moss. In fact, it's George Clooney's new bride who has taken out the top spot.	Legit
Celebrity	Dream Scenario? Khloe  ants To Adopt Rob's Daughter!	Khloe Kardashian has formed such an intense bond with her niece Dream, she has told her brother Rob she wants to adopt her, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.	Fake
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner:  hy She’s Quitting ‘KU TK’ But Remains Proud Of Kylie’s Spin-off Show	Kendall Jenner continues to distance herself from the reality show platform that made her family a household name, with sources stressing that the model wants to have a legitimate career.	Fake
Celebrity	Kylie Jenner's Plastic Surgeon Has a Message About Her Lip Fillers	 hile the internet hunts for clues about Kylie Jenner's maybe pregnancy (along with Khloé Kardashian's maybe pregnancy and Kim Kardashian's confirmed pregnancy), at least one person has wondered, what of the reality star's famous lip fillers?	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall Jenner cries over Pepsi ad backlash in ‘Keeping Up  ith the Kardashians’ premiere	Remember Pepsi’s tone-deaf Kendall Jenner commercial back in April? The one that made people furious, because it appropriated images from Black Lives Matter protests to sell soda?	Legit
Celebrity	The  eeknd  as Spotted Holding Hands  ith Justin Bieber’s Ex	If you’re an avid US  eekly reader, it might appear that there are only about a dozen single people in Hollywood, as they all date each other. It’s like six degrees of separation with Kevin Bacon, only for influencers with a penchant for fit tea and waist trainers, where Scott Disick is the connecting factor.	Fake
Celebrity	Victoria Beckham and Anna  intour among those named in New Year's Honours list	Tennis world number one Andy Murray has been awarded a knighthood in the Queen's New Year's Honours List - making him Britain's youngest Sir in modern times - alongside athlete Mo Farah and dressage rider Lee Pearson. Heptathlete Jessica Ennis-Hill and rower Katherine Grainger have been named dames.	Legit
Celebrity	This Is  hy Taylor Swift Is Skipping the 2016 MTV Video Music Awards	There's a blank space in the VMAs seating chart this year, baby. Taylor Swift will not be attending the MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday, August 28, multiple sources confirm to Us  eekly.	Legit
Celebrity	Obama Says Leaving Malia at College  as ‘Like Open-Heart Surgery’	After Malia Obama went off to Harvard University last month, her father couldn’t hold back the tears.	Legit
Celebrity	'Jealous' Kim Tries To Steal Beyonce's Baby Spotlight	 hile the Bey Hive was buzzing yesterday about Beyonce's shocking baby news, RadarOnline.com has learned that Kim Kardashian was busy with her own plan to steal back the spotlight!	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez are dating, and the rumors are coming in hot	Jennifer Lopez and recently retired baseball hero Alex Rodriguez are dating, according to reports that have been bubbling up all week.	Legit
Celebrity		Inside Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner's Family Vacation in the Bahamas, Two Months After Filing for Divorce	Legit
Celebrity	Kathy Griffin feels ‘betrayed’ by Anderson Cooper after CNN firing	 hile Kathy Griffin continues her sympathy crusade after weathering a storm of criticism for her terrible Trump severed-head photo, sources say she’s seething about how Anderson Cooper dropped her from his CNN New Year’s Eve broadcast like a hot potato.	Fake
Celebrity		 hite  itch warns Angelina against using spells to woo back Brad	Fake
Celebrity	EXCLUSIVE:  HERE  ILLIAM, KATE, AND GEORGE ARE HEADED FOR A MONTH-LONG SUMMER VACATION	They have spent the last two days supporting Great Britain at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, but __ illiam__and __Kate__can look forward to a well-deserved month off in August.	Legit
Celebrity	Caitlyn Jenner's Memoir Reportedly Lands Movie Adaptation, Rob Lowe May Play Her	Report says that the 'How to Be a Latin Lover' actor is currently in talks to play the reality show star in a possible movie based on her new memoir 'The Secrets of My Life'.	Fake
Celebrity	Is Jared Leto, 45, Crushing On 19-Year-old Paris Jackson?	Jared Leto has his eye on a pretty young thing: 19-year-old Paris Jackson! The duo crossed paths at the Harper’s Bazaar Icons party in NYC on Sept. 8, where the actor, 45, “was definitely making a play for her,” says an insider. “He was staring directly into her eyes while she was talking and they were standing really close. They spoke for a long time and she was laughing a lot.” Still, the Oscar winner struck out, as Paris eventually left to be with her friends — though not before Jared snuck in a kiss on her cheek! Adds the insider: “It was obvious that he was super into her, age difference be damned.”	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian's 'Fears  ill Explode' If Kanye  est Runs For President: She's 'Very Nervous'	"""Kanye [ est]'s talking more and more about stepping into politics, but Kim [Kardashian] is extremely hesitant for him to go down that path. She's very nervous about the kind of hatred that would be focused on him and their family if he were to run for president. Before the robbery, she wasn't as scared, but now she lives in constant fear. If Kanye runs for president, those fears will explode,"" a source tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY."	Fake
Celebrity	 atch Barack Obama's sweet surprise for Michelle on their 25th anniversary	Already known for his sweet messages to his wife on birthdays and holidays, Barack Obama went big for his 25th wedding anniversary with Michelle on Tuesday.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Hires Team To Help Her Become More ‘Political’ – ‘I  ant To Speak Out More About Political Issues’	The controversial reality TV star really wants to change her reputation.  e have learned that Kim Kardashian wants to have a much more political image and she’s already making the first few steps in that direction.	Fake
Celebrity	EXCLUSIVE PICS: First photos of Ariana Grande since Manchester attack	An emotional Ariana Grande was spotted for the first time since the terror attack at her Manchester concert on Monday as she touched down in her hometown of Boca Raton, Florida.	Fake
Celebrity	'It was a long time coming': Heidi Klum ends seven-year marriage over Seal's 'volcanic temper'	Seal and Heidi Klum insisted their split was 'amicable' yesterday despite reports that the supermodel could no longer put up with the Kiss from a Rose singer's volcanic temper.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston on the Exact Moment She Had It  ith the Pregnancy Rumors	"In July, Jennifer Aniston powerfully spoke out against the constant tabloid pregnancy rumors about her that have circulated through the years, in an op-ed for Huffington Post. ""For the record, I am not pregnant,"" she wrote in it. "" hat I am is fed up. I'm fed up with the sport-like scrutiny and body shaming that occurs daily under the guise of 'journalism,' the 'First Amendment,' and 'celebrity news.'"""	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian  est confirms baby on the way	"Kim Kardashian  est tweeted a clip Thursday from a promo of the new season of her family's E! series ""Keeping Up  ith the Kardashians."""	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez And Jennifer Aniston Double Date: Jen's Comments About  eeknd  ere Lies	Selena Gomez is currently dating The  eeknd. Her bestfriend Jennifer Aniston is supportive of her but their relationship is sometimes targeted by rumor mongers.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce & Jay-Z Hire Former President Obama’s Secret Service Team	They’ve got 99 problems, but security ain’t one! Beyoncé and Jay-Z asked longtime pal former President Barack Obama’s secret service detail to help protect their family after welcoming twins Rumi and Sir last month.	Fake
Celebrity	‘Megyn Kelly Today’ Ratings Not All Sunshine for NBC’s New Morning Host	 ith its host reportedly making a salary of $17 million a year and a new set having been constructed within NBC’s Rockefeller Plaza headquarters in Midtown Manhattan, “Megyn Kelly Today” is more costly than the previous 9 a.m. segment of “Today.” Losing viewers, in the long run, would be a problem.	Legit
Celebrity	Cher: Ready To Die!	The beat no longer goes on for CHER.	Fake
Celebrity		Taylor Swift seems to be naked in new music video	Legit
Celebrity	Inside Rob K. & Mehgan James' Romance:  hy His Fam ''Doesn't Approve''	UPDATE: As new reports continue to surface regarding Rob Kardashian's relationship with Mehgan James, both took to social media to weigh in on the matter.	Fake
Celebrity	Katie Holmes on reprising her role as Jacqueline Kennedy	"Katie Holmes is reprising her role as Jacqueline Kennedy for the new mini-series, ""The Kennedys: After Camelot."""	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez and The  eeknd Hold Hands for a Romantic Stroll in Argentina	It was no lonely day for The  eeknd.	Legit
Celebrity	Justin Bieber apparently wrote a ‘Love Bible’ about Selena Gomez, and it’s sweet but super weird	There have been numerous reports of Justin Bieber spending time in church in the past few months, but what we didn't realize was it wasn't any old church he was visiting — it was the church of past relationships.	Fake
Celebrity	" hat Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn’s ""Very Normal"" Relationship Is Like"	"Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn are currently doing the private relationship thing: They haven’t stepped out in public together and the only way Swift has talked about her British boyfriend of almost a year is through song (""…Ready For It?"" and ""Gorgeous,"" according to fans). But Us  eekly has a report on how things are going for the two these days. Alwyn and Swift are “very much in love,” a source told the outlet."	Legit
Celebrity	OK! Exclusive: Lindsay Lohan Plans To Move To Russia After Her  edding To Egor Tarabasov Amid Her Feud  ith Her Parents Over The Ceremony	As her wedding plans for her nuptials to Egor Tarabasov continue to take shape, an insider has revealed to OKMagazine.com that Lindsay Lohan may be making a major move following the ceremony!	Fake
Celebrity	'Dancing  ith The Stars': Donald Trump Asked To Star In Show & He Hasn't Said No	 hat the heck?! Donald Trump seems pretty busy on the campaign trail, but he's been invited to take some time off to try his hand (or feet?) at dancing! Apparently Dancing with the Stars has asked Donald to join the Season 23 cast!	Fake
Celebrity	 hat Nicki Minaj wore to Serena  illiams' wedding is not really OK ... rocking on up in white leather hotpants and a crop top is kinda too much.		Fake
Celebrity	"Caitlyn Jenner and O.J. Simpson Are Set to Reunite on TV: ""It  ould Be Fascinating!"" (EXCLUSIVE)"	It’s hard to get much more sensational than this: a TV show pairing the world’s most famous transgender celebrity with the world’s most famous acquitted murder suspect — especially when both have connections to the Kardashians! Life & Style has exclusively learned that TV producers have come up with an idea to bring O.J. Simpson and his old pal Caitlyn Jenner together in a televised reunion.	Fake
Celebrity	Melania Trump 'will wear Ralph Lauren at her husband's inauguration'	Ralph Lauren is the latest frontrunner in the race to design Melania Trump's inauguration outfit,  omen's  ear Daily reported Tuesday.	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce's Officially Gone Overboard  ith Her CRAZY Delivery Plan Demands & Here's  hy	There’s no denying that Beyonce is one of Hollywood’s biggest diva’s but new sources suggest her demands just got even crazier. In anticipation of the arrival of their beloved twins, the singer and her husband Jay-Z have concocted a delivery plan so insane you’d think they’re royalty. On the heels of reports that the famous couple have moved to a rental property close to Los Angeles’ Cedars-Sinai hospital, where Bey’s due to give birth, insiders tell Heat magazine that “the event is set to be a no-expense-spared extravaganza.” Click through to get the scoop inside Beyonce’s delivery room plans, and how the couple’s daughter, Blue Ivy, will have a very peculiar role in the process.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez and Orlando Bloom Party Together at His 39th Birthday Party	Selena Gomez and Orlando Bloom are enjoying each other's company once again.	Legit
Celebrity	Jamie Foxx and Katie Holmes Hit New York Fashion  eek	Jamie Foxxand Katie Holmes have hit the Big Apple. 	Legit
Celebrity	Tyra Banks Sued for Causing 'Emotional Distress' During ‘America’s Got Talent’ Taping	*A contestant on “America’s Got Talent” says her performance at a recent taping was roasted so viciously by new host Tyra Banks that it has caused emotional distress to her young daughter, who was watching from the wings.	Fake
Celebrity	" ho Is Mark Billingham? The Bodyguard Claims He ""Fathered"" Brangelina's Kids"	"Since the news of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's split, many have wondered what will happen to the couple's six kids.  ill they stay with mom, or with dad, or some combination of the two? Or could a third person have parenting rights as well? Enter Mark Billingham, the star couple's bodyguard. Billingham said he basically ""fathered"" the children, according to Us  eekly."	Legit
Celebrity	New Suicide Fears For Owen  ilson After Dad’s Death	The death of Owen  ilson’s beloved dad has friends fearing the tortured actor might spiral back into a pit of depression!	Fake
Celebrity	BRAD PITT : No Doubt, TRUMP  ill Be The Best President In U.S History. Do You Support Him? ⋆	Brad Pitt  as Invited At Today show This Morning And After Journalist Critic To Trump He Says This  ords : No Doubt, Trump  ill Be The Best President In U.S History And You  ill This Soon. Against Journalists And Everyone Stayed Outraged . Do You Support Brad ?“ e need more and more jobs. Unemployment is way up here,” he said. He’s hired more employees, more people, than anyone I know in the world.	Fake
Celebrity	Is Angelina Jolie Nemesis Chelsea Handler Getting Close To Brad Pitt After Heartbreaking Split?	 e did not see this coming. Angelina Jolie’s worst Hollywood enemy, Chelsea Handler, might be getting a little too close to former lover Brad Pitt, according to a new report. Ouch!	Fake
Celebrity		Angelina Jolie Embraces Her Inner- itch, and Inner-Mom	Legit
Celebrity		Justin Bieber carries a bible while donning preppy tennis clothes	Legit
Celebrity	The Mystery of How Kendall Met the Hadids Has Been Solved	Not too long ago Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid were just two young, unconnected girls who occasionally appeared on their family members' reality television show. Then the world blinked and all the sudden they were burgeoning supermodels and super influencers. Then the world blinked again and they were bonafide supermodel BFFs. Another blink and their sisters, Kylie and Bella, were also burgeoning influence and burgeoning models in their own right.	Legit
Celebrity	Barack & Michelle Obama's Marriage Meltdown - How It's Costing Taxpayers Millions!	Barack Obama and his wife Michelle continues to falls apart in the wake of the president's womanizing. Now it's costing taxpayers millions! The bitter marriage betweenandcontinues to falls apart in the wake of the president's womanizing. Now it's costing taxpayers millions! The National ENQUIRER has seen exclusive records obtained by the government watchdogs of Judicial  atch - revealing that the feuding couple took separate private planes to take off to Hawaii for Christmas vacation!	Fake
Celebrity	Kylie Jenner Sets the Record Straight About Reports Tyga Owes Her $2 Million	Defending her ex. Kylie Jenner took to Twitter on Friday, May 27, to address reports that her ex-boyfriend Tyga owes her $2 million.	Legit
Celebrity	One Direction's Harry Styles Enjoys Skiing Holiday  ith Kendall Jenner Amid Romance Claims	The 'Best Song Ever' star and Kendall were seen carrying their skiing and snowboarding gear together over the weekend.	Legit
Celebrity	Here's  hat Happened  hen Kim Kardashian Finally Revealed Her Identity To Her Surrogate	Kim also explained in the interview why she didn't invite the surrogate to her baby shower. (She has to explain to whole sitch to her kids first.) Overall, it sounds like Kim and her surrogate have a solid relationship.	Legit
Celebrity	Khloe Kardashian slams haters who've been trolling her since OJ Simpson was granted parole	Khloe Kardashian has no time for haters.	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5056567/Jennifer-Lopez-gets-cozy-star-Milo-Ventimiglia.html	Jennifer Lopez gets cozy with on-screen boyfriend Milo Ventimiglia	Fake
Celebrity	Leonardo DiCaprio Enjoys A Date Night  ith Kate  inslet For His Birthday — See The Pics!	Leonardo DiCaprio cozied up to his most famous co-star, Kate  inslet, on Friday night, just one day ahead of his 43rd birthday on Saturday. The two spent over two hours together at the Santa Monica restaurant Giorgio Baldi, after which they were escorted out by security and got into the same car together. Click through to see the pics of their intimate night out!	Fake
Celebrity	Pop insiders claim Justin Bieber cancelled long-running tour as he's considering starting his own church	"POP insiders sensationally claim Justin Bieber may have cancelled his current long-running tour so he can start up his own CHURCH. Bieber shocked millions of fans yesterday when he revealed he was calling off the Purpose tour months before it was due to end as he was ""burned out."" The Canadian has revealed he wants to get back to his religious roots"	Fake
Celebrity	Kim, Kourtney & Khloe Kardashian Celebrate Cinco de Mayo in LA!	The Kardashian sisters are having a Cinco de Mayo celebration!	Legit
Celebrity	 hy Justin Timberlake Didn’t Go to the Emmys  ith Jessica Biel	Jessica Biel stunned at the 2017 Emmy Awards in L.A. on Sunday, September 17, without her usual award show date, husband Justin Timberlake, by her side — and it turns out that the actress, 35, was riding solo for a very good reason.	Legit
Celebrity	David Gest found dead at 62: Liza Minnelli's ex husband discovered after 'unexplained' death in London hotel	"David Gest, the reality TV star and former husband of Liza Minnelli, has been found dead in a five-star London hotel in ""unexplained"" circumstances."	Legit
Celebrity	About That Time Princess Diana  atched The Golden Girls and Crashed a Gay Bar with Freddie Mercury	Princess Diana may have had more fun while married into the British royal family than we had originally thought. In her new book, British comedy actress Cleo Rocos says that she, Queen front man Freddie Mercury, and comedian Kenny Everett sneaked Princess Diana into a south-London gay bar, Royal Vauxhall Tavern, in the late 1980s. Rocos recalls the evening in The Power of Positive Drinking, writing that the trio dressed up the beloved late royal in disguise-an army jacket, cap, and sunglasses, according to an account of the story by the A.F.P.-and were able to enjoy themselves covertly thanks to Mercury's popularity in the crowd:	Legit
Celebrity	Kitesurfing, Lunch with Bono, Golfing in Hawaii: All About the Obamas' Life Now	They've broken free of the  hite House bubble and they're not looking back.	Legit
Celebrity	J-Rod! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez on Love, Beauty, and Redemption	Despite the surreal fame—and baggage—carried by Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez, their relationship makes perfect sense. Both started from modest backgrounds, hit the big time fast, and had to battle their own demons to survive. The new couple discuss everything from their nerve-racking first date to the “reveals” that forged their bond.	Legit
Celebrity	Lady Gaga is not pregnant, says representative 	"LOS ANGELES: Lady Gaga 's representative has denied reports that the singer is pregnant The rumours were sparked after Gaga was seen sporting what appeared to be a baby bump last week. A magazine claimed in its latest issue that the 29-year-old had ""baby on the way.""However, the report was debunked by Gaga's representative. The representative told Rumor Fix tabloid that Gaga is not expecting a child with her fiance Taylor Kinney, reports aceshowbiz.com.Fans who were in shock took to Twitter to post photographs of Gaga with ""baby bump"".Some images showed her hitting the beach with a tight, cream-coloured maxi dress, while in other photographs she was seen wearing a blue kaftan dress when hitting Malibu beach with Kinney.Gaga shared on Instagram a photograph of her with flat tummy on  ednesday. ""Daddy's Girl"", she captioned it.However, this is not the first time the singer is rumoured to be pregnant. Earlier also there have been speculations on it."	Legit
Celebrity	"Kourtney and Kendall Have a ""Sun's Out, Buns Out"" Boat Day in Cannes"	Kourtney Kardashian and Kendall Jenner are currently living it up in the South of France for the Cannes Film Festival, and the sisters got in some swimsuit time while relaxing on a yacht in Antibes on Monday; the pair was spotted lounging and chatting in one-pieces with friend Simon Huck. The next day, they kept the fun coming by donning their best nautical wear for a day on the water. Before their envious yacht lounging, Kourtney attended a dinner in celebration of Jean-Michel Cousteau's  onders of the Sea on Sunday, while Kendall stomped the runway for Naomi Campbell's annual Fashion For Relief event, which also brought out Kate Moss, Heidi Klum, and Kendall's pal Bella Hadid. Keep reading to see all the photos from Kourtney and Kendall's Cannes adventures.	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez being eyed as 'American Idol' judge	"Singer is reportedly being eyed as a judge along with singer for the singing reality show ""American Idol""."	Fake
Celebrity	Ellen, Portia cancel appearance after 'epic' fight	Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi didn't show up at a charity fund-raiser for rescued animals after having a huge fight in the car on the way to Sunday's event, sources tell Page Six.	Fake
Celebrity	It's All About The Ka$h! Kim Kardashian & Kanye  est Refuse Charity Donation To Settle Lawsuit  ith YouTube Founder Over Engagement Video	It's all about the kash with Kim Kardashian and Kanye  est!	Fake
Celebrity	Hillary Clinton The Movie - Starring Glenn Close!	A movie is in the works about Hillary Clinton and her amazing life, and legendary actress Glenn Close has been chosen to play the former first lady and presidential candidate!	Fake
Celebrity	Owen  ilson Says His Kids Are Turning into Little Comedians –  atch!	Owen  ilson is opening up about his kids’ potential careers in comedy!	Legit
Celebrity	Selena Gomez Is ‘Crazy In Love’  ith Justin After Reuniting: She’s ‘Light & Joyful’	If Selena Gomez seems like she’s living her best life since reuniting with Justin Bieber — she is!  e’ve got the EXCLUSIVE that Sel’s in ‘love’ and happy to be back with Biebs.	Fake
Celebrity	Hats off to love! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, and Darren Aronofsky, 47, go public with their romance as they bundle up for stroll in NYC	They had been keeping their budding romance under wraps but it seems that Jennifer Lawrence and Darren Aronofsky have made a New Year's resolution to be more open about their relationship.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Says Kanye  est Is 'Serious' About Running For President	On The Ellen Show  ednesday, reality TV show star Kim Kardashian  est told host Ellen DeGeneres that her husband, rapper Kanye  est, definitely meant what he said when he spontaneously announced at the MTV Video Music Awards that he wants to run for President of the United States.	Legit
Celebrity	Scarlett Johansson's Dirty Talk  ith SNL Stud	Mike  alker Reports…   Never talk dirty to ladies if you wanna turn ’em on — right, guys?	Fake
Celebrity	Harvey  einstein plans to sue New York Times for $50M	Harvey  einstein says he will sue the New York Times for an estimated $50 million after it published a bombshell report claiming the movie mogul subjected actresses and female staffers to “decades of sexual harassment.”	Fake
Celebrity		Jennifer Garner Has Girls Night Out with Chelsea Handler	Legit
Celebrity	'Girl' Fight! Kanye  est Confronts Anna  intour Over Putting Lena Dunham On 'Vogue' Cover Instead Of Fiancée Kim Kardashian	Too big for your designed sneakers, Kanye? During a recent power lunch at the Beverly Hills Polo Lounge, the hip hop star demanded answers from Vogue Editor-In-Chief Anna  intour to the question:  hy did she judge Girls star Lena Dunham as being cover worthy for the famed fashion bible, while his fiance, Kim Kardashian, has long been overlooked?	Fake
Celebrity	Nicki Minaj Did NOT  ear Hot Pants And Crop Top To Serena  illiams’  edding, Despite Report 	Nicki Minaj did not wear hot pants and a crop top to Serena  illiams’ wedding, despite a bogus report based on a photoshopped image. For starters, the rapper didn’t even attend the tennis star’s nuptials. Gossip Cop can set the record straight.  illiams got married to internet entrepreneur Alexis Ohanian in front of friends and family in New Orleans on Thursday. The guest list included many celebrities, including Beyonce, Kim Kardashian, Kelly Rowland, Anna  intour, Ciara and Eva Longoria. Minaj wasn’t in attendance, but the Irish website Her posted a doctored Instagram photo that shows her posing at the party with Beyonce and Rihanna. The site titled its inaccurate article, “ hat Nicki Minaj wore to Serena  illiams’ wedding is not really OK,” and says the singer showed up to the ceremony sporting “white leather hotpants and a crop top.” The misinformed outlet insists Minaj’s outfit was “kinda too much,” further maintaining that she “very much overstepped a wedding etiquette line.” But the site’s opinion about the rapper’s attire is completely moot. Neither Minaj or Rihanna were at the tennis player’s wedding. Both music stars were superimposed into a photo of Beyonce posing alone at the ceremony. It’s unclear if the Irish outlet is trying to trick its readers or get duped by the fake image itself, but Minaj didn’t wear an inappropriate outfit to  illiams’ wedding, which she didn’t attend. It should be noted, Gossip Cop has had to debunk several false stories surrounding the tennis star’s nuptials in the short time since she walked down the aisle.  e recently busted HollywoodLife for fabricating a report about Beyonce and Kardashian having an “icy exchange” at the wedding. Gossip Cop also called out RadarOnline for making up a story about Kardashian getting yelled at for using her phone at  illiams’ wedding. This latest article related to the event is similarly phony.	Legit
Celebrity	Lindsay Lohan Is Reportedly Engaged To Russian Heir	At long last, Lindsay Lohan has found love. 	Legit
Celebrity	Anorexic Angelina Jolie  asting Away	Angelina Jolie’s rail-thin figure is prompting close pals to call for an intervention to save her from death!	Fake
Celebrity	Rosie O'Donnell,  hoopi Goldberg swap weight-loss stories	"(CNN) -- ""The View"" returned to TV on Monday with a new set, two new faces and a pair of returning hosts who've spent their time away focusing on their health."	Legit
Celebrity	Heartbroken Jennifer Aniston Runs For The Border To Adopt	Jennifer Aniston is looking to adopt a baby from south of the border - just weeks after The National ENQUIRER revealed her heartbreak over her estranged brother announcing that he was becoming a father yet again!	Fake
Celebrity	Justin Bieber Parties At Same Grammy Event As Ex Selena Gomez & The  eeknd	"Uh oh!  Justin Bieber, 22, decided to hit up Rihanna's post Grammys bash at 1Oak Feb. 12 to party with the rest of the music industry's biggest stars, and unfortunately for him that included his ex Selena Gomez, 24, and her new boyfriend The  eeknd, 26. As we told you EXCLUSIVELY, the pair couldn't keep their hands to themselves, packing on plenty of PDA while seated in a VIP booth and that apparently didn't sit well with the Biebs. He showed up at the party briefly, then turned around and high-tailed it out of there shortly after arriving. A source tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY that, ""He was there for a hot second...not very long at all! He left almost immediately!"""	Fake
Celebrity	Billy Bush's wife is 'furious' at him after Trump interview leak	Billy Bush may have just posted a new selfie with his wife, but rumors are swirling that all is not well back in their California paradise.	Fake
Celebrity	Celine Dion's Heart- renching Performance of 'My Heart  ill Go On' at 2017 Music Awards:  atch	"Celine Dion marked the 20th anniversary of her heart-wrenching love song, ""My Heart  ill Go On,"" by performing from inside a mile-high chandelier that hung from the venue's ceiling at Sunday night's (May 21) 2017 Billboard Music Awards. As it elevated, so did Dion's vocals. "	Legit
Celebrity	How Janet Jackson lost 70 pounds	The 51-year-old new mom is sporting a sleek physique that her trainer says she accomplished without putting in massive hours of cardio, reportedly shedding 70 pounds.	Legit
Celebrity	George, Amal Clooney donate $1M to Southern Poverty Law Center to combat hate groups	If money talks, George and Amal Clooney made it shout Tuesday, by donating $1 million to the Southern Poverty Law Center to help fight hate groups in the wake of tragedy and violence in Charlottesville, Va.	Legit
Celebrity	GIRL ABOUT TO N: Victoria Beckham is preparing for a fifth baby	Victoria Beckham, right, is preparing for a fifth baby with husband David, according to sources close to her best friend, Tana Ramsay.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Opens Up to About Life After the Paris Robbery	This morning, Kim Kardashian  est is a few minutes late to breakfast because she can’t get this gel-mask thing off her face. She’s staying in a room in the upper reaches of the Baccarat Hotel in midtown Manhattan. A room with a giant bed in it, in which she slept, butt to butt, with her four-year-old daughter, North. And in that room she applied a mask — of the cosmetic variety, not the Halloween variety — only to discover she couldn’t really get it off.  here did she get this gold gel-mask thing that’s supposed to make your skin healthier? Man, when you’re Kim Kardashian  est, you don’t know where everything comes from. People just give you stuff. The vaults and doors and express-delivery accounts of the world open and a free flow of stuff just washes over you. Kim tries to enjoy it, because that’s the enlightened thing to do. But right now she’s upstairs in her room trying to separate her face from the free gel-mask thing.	Legit
Celebrity	Jim Carrey Says He Has Sailed a 'River of Sorrow' in Emotional Stage Appearance	The 55-year-old comedian stopped by documentarian and activist Michael Moore‘s Broadway show The Terms of My Surrender on Thursday night for a candid conversation about the current political climate in the wake of president Donald Trump‘s election.	Legit
Celebrity	Jay-Z: 'Jesus Is Fake News; Lucifer Is  ay Of Truth And Light'	“Jesus Christ is the original fake news,” according to Jay-Z, who claims “Jesus never walked the earth, y’all being played” and “the idea of Jesus is just a tool used by smart people to control dumb people.”	Fake
Celebrity	Robert Pattinson: 'Twilight's the hardest part I've done'	He made his name as teenage vampire heart-throb Edward Cullen in Twilight. Then his turbulent romance with co‑star Kristen Stewart dominated the world's gossip columns. Now Robert Pattinson is older, wiser and shedding his Hollywood pretty-boy image. He talks about his new role in David Michôd's dystopian outback western The Rover 	Legit
Celebrity	Amber Heard Shares Picture From Aquaman Set	Right after filming for Aquaman got underway in Australia, we got our first look as actress Amber Heard as Mera. Now Heard has taken to Twitter to share a picture of herself with Jason Momoa — the actor behind the film's titular role — and director James  an.	Legit
Celebrity	Tragic Gwen Stefani Loses Hearing After Rupturing Eardrum	Pop songbird Gwen Stefani could end up deaf and wreck her fabulous singing career	Fake
Celebrity	Face Lift, Botox, Peels, Oh My! Ellen DeGeneres' Plastic Surgery Obsession Revealed	Ellen DeGeneres' obsession with staying forever young is written all over her face  – literally! In a new report from The National ENQUIRER, sources reveal that the down-to-earth talk show queen is really a plastic surgery junkie in disguise.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber Just Kissed at His Hockey Game	As The  eeknd reconnects with his ex, Bella Hadid, Selena Gomez continues her string of appearances with Justin Bieber. Last night, she supported the Canadian pop star at his hockey game in LA (for the second time). And the two took the PDA to the next level: they were spotted kissing at the rink.	Legit
Celebrity	Blake Shelton and Lindsey Sporrer Cheating on Miranda Lambert - Divorce Expected | Celeb Dirty Laundry	It looks like Miranda Lambert's absolute worst fear may be coming true. Judging from recent photos, Blake Shelton may really have found himself a younger, skinnier version of his standoffish wife! Blake decided to attend Usher's 35th birthday party and Miranda was nowhere to be found. It's almost like she goes out of her way to avoid Blake when he is around anyone that he works with and then throws it in his face that they're always apart! Anyway, on this particular night she was at home but don't think for a minute that Blake was lonely.	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian explains why she won’t be voting for Trump after all	For a moment there, it seemed that Hillary Clinton had lost the Kim Kardashian vote.	Legit
Celebrity	Is Evian  ater The Secret Behind Cameron Diaz's Great Skin? Read more at: https://tr.im/207sZ	This is one of those rumors that is so ridiculous we wish it were true! Star magazine is reporting in their latest issue that A-list actress Cameron Diaz only uses bottled water to bathe.	Legit
Celebrity	Did Meek Mill Find Nicki Minaj In A Lesbian Tryst  ith Young M.A.?	Finding a story about Nicki Minaj and Meek Mill isn't exactly a stretch. Last year, Meek Mill's beef with Canadian rapper Drake kept us entertained for months, and Minaj is hardly low-profile. Over the past few years, Minaj has become known almost as well for her social media fights as for her music. As a result, celebrity watchers always seem to have an eye for the next Meek Mill and Nicki Minaj story. In recent weeks, most stories about Mill and Minaj have focused on whether or not hip-hop's power couple are still dating or not.	Fake
Celebrity	Mariah Carey, Manager Stella Bulochnikov Split	Mariah Carey and her manager of three years, Stella Bulochnikov, are no longer working together as manager and client, Variety has confirmed.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston, Diva? Actress Rumored To Be 'Unapproachable' On Set, Doesn't Socialize (REPORT)	"Could this former ""Friend"" be less than friendly in real life? Rumor has it that's the case."	Legit
Celebrity	Ellen DeGeneres Dines  ith Mystery Brunette Amid Divorce Rumors  ith Portia de Rossi	Ellen DeGeneres stepped out with a mystery brunette recently amid rumors of her impending divorce with wife Portia de Rossi. Photos of the TV host all smiles with the unknown woman only fuelled speculations of their separation.	Fake
Celebrity	Jake Gyllenhaal Is Not Here for Taylor Swift Questions	Left, by Mike Pont/ ireImage; Right, from GC Images, both from Getty Images.	Legit
Celebrity	"Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux Made One ""Massive Miscalculation""  hile Planning Their Secret  edding"	"Uncomfortable seating aside, it sounded as though Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux's secret wedding, this summer, went off without a hitch. Incredibly, details about the Malibu nuptials were not leaked to press. Jimmy Kimmel did a ""beautiful"" job ordaining the ceremony, finding the perfect balance between sweet and funny. Howard Stern gave a speech. And afterward, the newlyweds embarked on the fanciest group honeymoon of which we've ever heard. But on  ednesday, while promoting the new season of HBO's The Leftovers, Theroux revealed that the duo did make one ""massive miscalculation"" when planning the wedding."	Legit
Celebrity	Victoria Beckham finally addresses claims she's trying for her FIFTH baby at 42 with husband David	The famous couple, who live in London, already have three sons and a daughter	Legit
Celebrity	Sarah Jessica Parker Inherits Vogue Magazine Control From Anna  intour? | Celeb Dirty Laundry	There's only one Anna  intour, but there's only so long that she can run Vogue. Anna's now 64 years old, and while she's still got plenty of years to keep running Vogue, her reign isn't going to last forever. Eventually, she will have to find a successor, and according to a report from Radar Online, that successor will be Sarah Jessica Parker.	Fake
Celebrity	"Former Beatle Ringo Starr Claims the ""Real"" Paul McCartney Died in 1966 and  as Replaced by Look-Alike"	Beverly Hills| The former drummer of the Beatles, Ringo Starr, surprised the world this morning during an interview in his luxurious Californian residence, when he admitted that the 45-year old rumors about the alleged death of Paul McCartney in 1966 were actually true.	Fake
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez teases Bye Bye Birdie, NBC's next live musical	NBC's live telecast of Hairspray is still underway, but Jennifer Lopez is already gearing up for the network's next big musical production, Bye Bye Birdie Live!	Legit
Celebrity		Axed! Jennifer Hudson  on’t Be Asked Back To 'The Voice' Over Nightmare Diva Behavior	Fake
Celebrity	Billy Bush officially sacked from NBC Today show after leaked lewd Donald Trump tape scandal	Bush was suspended at the morning show two days after contents of the 2005 tape were reported on October 7.	Legit
Celebrity	 hy Celine Dion and Cher hate each other	Cher wowed the crowd in a barely-there crystal encrusted outfit yesterday as she belted out ‘If I Could Turn Back Time’ and ‘Believe’ at the 2017 Billboard Music Awards.	Fake
Celebrity	Analysis | Kanye  est and how hip-hop tackles mental health	It's not totally clear what's going on with Kanye  est. The rapper, who was filmed delivering onstage rants during recent shows in California, on Monday canceled the remaining 21 dates in his Saint Pablo tour. Hours later, he was reportedly hospitalized for stress and exhaustion.	Legit
Celebrity	Liam Payne Just Dissed Harry Styles' Solo Music	Harry Styles' new music isn't for everyone, not even his former One Direction bandmate Liam Payne.	Fake
Celebrity	Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez excite fans	(CNN)Like love, hope springs eternal for Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez fans.	Legit
Celebrity	Iggy Azalea and Odell Beckham Jr.: Dating!	You might be surprised by the news that Odell Beckham Jr. and Iggy Azalea are dating, but if you stop and think about it for a moment, they actually make perfect sense as a couple.	Fake
Celebrity	Ben Affleck Has A New Fresh Face: BOTOX BEN	FRESHENED UP!?!? After a VERY ROUGH year, doctors say that it appears that Ben Affleck his face freshened up! The rumored help? Botox for his crow’s feet & fillers to soften the lines around his mouth.	Fake
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth End Engagement	It's officially over: Reps for both Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth confirm to PEOPLE exclusively that the engagement is off between the two stars.	Fake
Celebrity	FKA Twigs Looks Miserable  ith Robert Pattinson At Cannes Film Festival | Celeb Dirty Laundry	FKA Twigs and Robert Pattinson are reportedly going strong. The Twilight star and his fiancée attended the 2017 Cannes Film Festival this week. The couple didn’t look as happy as they are reported to be. It’s been months since fans have seen FKA Twigs and Robert Pattinson together.	Fake
Celebrity	Stop Right Now! The Spice Girls Might Be Planning A Reunion	There are certain things that people just shouldn't joke about. A potential Spice Girls reunion with all five members is one of them.	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian and Kanye  est's Trial Separation Lasted for Six  eeks (EXCLUSIVE)	After suffering a breakdown at the end of 2016, Kanye  est has been keeping an extremely low profile. But what fans didn't know is that the rapper and his wife Kim Kardashian were going through a trial separation.	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye  est, No 'American Idol' For Me	No 'American Idol' For Me	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Lopez & A-Rod  edding On The  ay? He  ants To Marry Her	"Is Jennifer Lopez, 47, the one for Alex Rodriguez, 41? His friends are reportedly starting to think so, according to E! News. ""All his friends can tell he really likes J.Lo [but] in the beginning they thought this may just be a fling,"" a source said. His ""friends are slowly thinking this may actually be a great match."" J-Lo and A-Rod definitely enjoyed their time together on Friday, Mar. 24 when they hung out at the ritzy Hotel Bel-Air."	Fake
Celebrity	Fergie says she and Josh Duhamel still 'great friends'	"Fergie says even though she and husband Josh Duhamel are splitting up, they're still ""great friends"" who love one another and their young son."	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie, Unbroken	“I never expect to be the one that everybody understands or likes,” Angelina Jolie says. “And that’s O.K., because I know who I am, and the kids know who I am.”	Legit
Celebrity	Prince Harry & Meghan Markle Moving In Together	"A close pal of the ""Suits"" star told The ENQUIRER that Meg is ""turning the palace upside down with her renovations"" - adding: ""She knows what she wants! Meghan's incredibly headstrong when it comes to her own tastes!"" The L.A. native is insisting on eco-friendly renovations, airy open rooms, neutral colors, large comfortable sofas and chairs, and modern glass and metal accessories. But the commoner's ""diva-like"" attitude is making some palace insiders cringe!"	Fake
Celebrity	Cover Story: Angelina Jolie Solo	There’s the Angelina Jolie who’s now a single mother—managing the day-to-day chaos of six kids, and the trauma of her split from Brad Pitt—and there’s the Angelina Jolie whose latest movie, a groundbreaking Netflix original about Cambodia’s genocide, is also a thank-you to the nation that transformed her. At her new L.A. mansion, Jolie reveals the tension between the two Angelinas and the reason her life will never be normal.	Legit
Celebrity	Blake Shelton Addresses Rumors On Twitter In The Best Possible  ay	Blake Shelton has had about enough of all the tabloid chatter regarding him and his wife, Miranda Lambert.	Legit
Celebrity	Allison  illiams’ top-secret wedding revealed	Allison  illiams is getting married on Saturday in a starry secret ceremony out west, Page Six can exclusively reveal.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift  ent to ''Great Lengths'' to Keep Her Romance Private	Although news has since broke that Taylor Swift is dating British actor Joe Alwyn, she really did try to keep it under wraps for as long as she possibly could.	Legit
Celebrity	Anna Faris Responds To Chris Pratt-Jennifer Lawrence Cheating Rumors As They Promote 'Passengers' On Her Birthday	"""Mom"" actress Anna Faris didn't want to let the tabloids get to her, but when rumors swirled last year about husband Chris Pratt cheated on her with ""Passengers"" co-star Jennifer Lawrence, she felt vulnerable."	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Lawrence recalls time she got drunk with Kris Jenner and stripped naked	Jennifer Lawrence had a blast filling in for Jimmy Kimmel on his late-night show Thursday.	Legit
Celebrity	Anderson Cooper on Kathy Griffin: 'I hope she bounces back'	Anderson Cooper has made it clear that he isn’t pleased with Kathy Griffin‘s controversial photo of Donald Trump, but the CNN anchor says he hopes his longtime friend can make a comeback after the headline-making ordeal.	Legit
Celebrity	http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/taylor-swift-new-song-look-what-you-made-me-do-apparent-kanye-west-diss-w499090	Taylor Swift Releases Apparent Kanye  est Diss Song	Legit
Celebrity	https://www.vanityfair.com/style/2017/09/jim-carrey-roasts-fashion-week	Jim Carrey Attends Fashion  eek Party Just to Roast Fashion  eek Parties	Legit
Celebrity	Kendall & Kylie  ho? Caitlyn Jenner Jump-Starts Adoption Plans	RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that Caitlyn Jenner is actively exploring the adoption process in a desperate bid to fill the void caused by her strained relationship with her daughters, Kendall and Kylie.	Fake
Celebrity	Brad Pitt Is Running Back to Jen Aniston During His Divorce From Angelina Jolie (EXCLUSIVE)	As Angelina Jolie continues to twist the knife in Brad Pitt's heart amid their impending divorce, the 53-year-old actor is running back to his ex-wife Jennifer Aniston for support, In Touch has exclusively learned. A year after Angelina, 42, blindsided her husband of two years with divorce papers, the actress got candid with The New York Times, seemingly suggesting that her six children are better off without their father.	Fake
Celebrity	Selena Gomez & The  eeknd's Plans To Double Date  ith Jennifer Aniston & Justin Theroux	"The love advice Jennifer Aniston, 48, gave Selena Gomez, 24, certainly paid off! So how does the A-List star feel about her new beau The  eeknd, 26? ""Jen couldn't be more excited for Selena. She feels like if anyone deserves to be happy and find true love it's Selena,"" an insider tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY.  So sweet!"	Fake
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian and Kanye  est Seeking Charity Donations, Not Baby Gifts	No baby gifts here, please!	Legit
Celebrity	JLo Dumped By NBC After Terrible Ratings - EXCLUSIVE	JLo Dumped By NBC After Terrible Ratings – EXCLUSIVE	Fake
Celebrity	Is Prince Harry Headed To Yale?	NOT since Prince  illiam chose St Andrews as his alma mater has such fevered excitement existed on a university campus, but students hoping to end up sharing a dorm with a prince will have to look a little further afield this time as rumours emerge that Prince Harry is Yale-bound. The 31-year-old royal is thought to be considering Yale Law School in Connecticut as his next move after leaving the army, and the students are understandably excited	Legit
Celebrity	Angelina Jolie Threatens Brad Pitt: Don't Bring The Kids Around Jennifer Aniston	Although Angelina Jolie, 41, and Brad Pitt, 53, opted to make their legal docs involving their split completely private on Jan. 10, 2017, Angie's reportedly got a new demand to add to their split negotiations. She doesn't want Brad's reported new texting buddy, Jennifer Aniston, 48, anywhere near her kids, according to In Touch.	Fake
Celebrity	Ryan Seacrest & Girlfriend Shayna Taylor Step Out for a Good Cause	Ryan Seacrest brought his girlfriend Shayna Taylor out for a great cause last night!	Legit
Celebrity	Beyonce Holds Blue Ivy, Shows Off Baby Bump in Memorial Day Bikini Pic	Oh, baby! Beyoncé, who’s pregnant and expecting twins with husband Jay Z, took to Instagram on Memorial Day, Monday, May 29, to show off her baby bump in an adorable photo featuring their 5-year-old daughter, Blue Ivy.	Legit
Celebrity	Cheers? Sloppy Jessica Simpson & Eric Johnson Becoming Booze Moguls!	Jessica Simpson and Eric Johnson love their booze so much, they’re considering turning their passion into a new business venture, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.	Fake
Celebrity	Hollywood Film Awards: See what Angelina Jolie, Margot Robbie and more were wearing	The Hollywood Film Awards took place last night in Los Angeles, with Margot Robbie (pictured in Louis Vuitton), Angelina Jolie and Dakota Johnson among the glamorous guests.	Legit
Celebrity	Kanye  est -- 'Nervous Breakdown' ... Pushed Over Edge by Anniversary of Mom's Funeral	Pushed Over Edge by Anniversary of Mom's Funeral	Fake
Celebrity	Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth wore wedding rings on 'SNL' — and now fans are convinced they got married	"The couple were in a ""Saturday Night Live"" sketch together. Saturday Night Live/YouTube"	Legit
Celebrity	Kim Kardashian Jealous Of Kourtney’s Bikini Body:  orking Out Twice A Day To Compete	Kim Kardashian is green with envy over her sister’s bangin’ bikini bod. But instead of letting Kourtney Kardashian steal her shine, the OG sex symbol is going  on the attack. Here’s her EXCLUSIVE game plan to take back the spotlight!	Fake
Celebrity	Barack Obama ‘ ants To Cut Loose & Party’ Amid Divorce Rumors | #follownews	Now that he’s out of the  hite House and doesn’t have to keep up the sham image of a loving hubby, former President Barack Obama has kicked wife Michelle to the curb and has yanked off his wedding ring, a source claims.	Fake
Celebrity	Kelly Ripa and Megyn Kelly in a Ratings Battle Over 'Megyn Kelly Today' and 'Live  ith Kelly and Ryan'	Things are getting heated! Megyn Kelly Today and Live  ith Kelly and Ryan air during the same time slot (weekdays at 9 a.m.), so it's no surprise there's a ratings battle going on between hosts Megyn Kelly and Kelly Ripa right now!	Fake
Celebrity	Kanye  est  as Designing Looks For Melania Trump On Inauguration Day Before Breakdown	Kanye  est, 38, is the definition of a true workaholic. In addition to his busy Saint Pablo Tour which was just canceled, 'Ye was inspired to make his clothing pop like popcorn and was secretly putting together some designs for future First Lady Melania Trump, 46, to wear.	Fake
Celebrity	Taylor Swift Debuts a Bold Makeunder on Her Reputation Album Cover	Taylor Swift has officially returned. This morning, after a social media blackout followed closely by cryptic clips of a coiling, striking snake, Swift pulled back the curtain on her forthcoming album, Reputation —which expects a November 10 release, according to a subsequent frame—with a stark black and white beauty shot featuring a new take on her trademark beauty look.	Legit
Celebrity	Rosie O'Donnell Sells Her Star Island Mansion for $16.5 Million	2013-06-17T14:07:39-04:00	Legit
Celebrity	Aid worker claims Angelina Jolie adopted son Maddox using fake details	A Cambodian aid worker is making extraordinary claims about Angelina Jolie's 2003 adoption of eldest son Maddox Jolie-Pitt.	Legit
Celebrity	Jennifer Aniston's Diva Set Behavior -  on't Eat Lunch  ith The Cast, Luxury SUV And Private Trailer Miles Away!	Jennifer Aniston is an A-list movie star and RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that's exactly what she acts like on set.	Fake
