Domain	Topic	News	Label
Sports	 Wilfried Zaha hits back at Southgate's 'timescale' claim over England selection	Wilfried Zaha has rejected Gareth Southgate's suggestion that he had imposed a timescale to be selected again by England  effectively holding the national team to ransom  and has defended his right to instead represent the country of his birth  Ivory Coast. The Crystal Palace forward  who had been capped by England in friendlies against Sweden and Scotland during Roy Hodgson's tenure as manager  was infuriated by Southgate's comments in the aftermath of the World Cup qualifying victory against Lithuania on Sunday. Zaha issued a statement through his representative  Will Salthouse of Unique Sports Management  on Tuesday and implied disappointment that England's recently appointed permanent manager had made public details of a meeting held with the winger in December.	Legit
Sports	Brazil qualify for 2018 World Cup after Coutinho and Neymar down Paraguay	Brazil have become the first team to qualify for the 2018 World Cup  maintaining their proud record as the tournament's only ever-present side with a little help from Lionel Messi's foul mouth and lightly regarded Peru. The five-times champions beat Paraguay 3-0 on Tuesday for their eighth successive win in the South American qualifying competition. That in itself was not enough to confirm their participation in Russia but Peru's surprise 2-1 win over Uruguay in a later game guaranteed Brazil a top-four finish.	Legit
Sports	John Wall sustains injury into Wizards' trip to Cleveland	"""The Northeast Ohio sun remained hidden while the Washington Wizards were in town and the temperature required heavy outerwear. But John Wall still felt fine. He said his weary bones felt fresh.  However, this wasn't for long. The migraine headache from earlier in the week gone, but in the fourth quarter, point guard Wall sustained a season-ending injury to his achilles. These bad vibes led to a loss to the Cavaliers - the score being 127-115, a loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers. After the injury, Wall explained how he wish he never jumped for the ball and that this may be a long road to recovery."""	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer beats Roberto Bautista Agut as Stan Wawrinka loses to Alexander Zverev	Roger Federer saw off Roberto Bautista Agut at the Miami Open to remain on course for back-to-back Masters titles but top seed Stan Wawrinka is out Federer has begun 2017 with some of the best  and most unexpected  form of his career and after claiming Masters title number 25 at Indian Wells just over a week ago  he remains on course for number 26 this weekend having equalled his best start to a season (16-1) with a 7-6 7-6 triumph. The Swiss did not have everything his own way against Bautista Agut  needing a couple of tie-breaks to see off the Spanish 14th seed in just under two hours.	Legit
Sports	 Basketball 'bible' auction sets sports memorabilia record	"The first 13 rules of basketball sold Friday for more than $4 million  setting a record for the highest sales price for sports memorabilia  according to Sotheby's  which conducted the auction. The auction house had estimated that Dr. James Naismith's two-page ""Founding Rules of Basketball"" would bring less than half the $4 338 500 that David and Suzanne Booth bid for the 119-year-old document. ""This is the birth certificate. It started here  said Selby Kiffer, Sotheby's vice president for manuscripts and books department. Naismith, a Canadian physical education instructor working at a New England YMCA, created the game of Basket Ball"" so students could play a sport indoors in winter. Naismith had no idea his invention would catch on so rapidly after the YMCA movement introduced it on an international level."	Legit
Sports	Untruthful Police Officers Imprisoned	"Under the new ""Hillsborough Law,"" 12 London policemen have already been jailed for what many observers have termed minor inconsistencies or respectful evasions in their testimony at inquests. The new law requires total candor from all police officers at every level, and 8 of the jailed policemen have already been sentenced to two-year sentences for giving what their solicitors term ""kind and tactful"" descriptions in open court, rather than the utter transparency the regulations now require. Labor MP Andy Burnham commented, ""When you're a member of one of these grieving families, sometimes you can't handle the truth."""	Fake
Sports	 State of Sport: Amateur doping findings 'concern' sports minister	"The extent of doping in amateur sport - revealed by a poll for the BBC - is a ""concern""  says sports minister Tracey Crouch. A BBC State of Sport investigation found more than a third (35%) of amateur sports people say they personally know someone who has doped. Half said performance-enhancing substance use is ""widespread"" among those who play competitive sport. Crouch said doping was ""absolutely unacceptable in any level of sport"". She added: ""I think there is still more that sports governing bodies can do on this front  working alongside UK Anti-Doping  to help promote clean sport."" The investigation into doping in UK amateur sport also found 8% of amateur sports people said they had taken steroids  while 49% thought performance-enhancing drugs (PEDs) were ""easily available"" among people who play sports regularly."	Legit
Sports	"Formula One is entering an exciting New Era this Sunday ""When Bernadete Ecclestones will host the inaugural race of the Formula One 2017 racing season for the first time ever in Melbourne Australia on Sunday."" Malory C. Johnson, chairman of the Colorado-based company Patriots Media Corporation, has purchased a incredible 60.3 percent stake of Formula One and wanted to assure costumers that their beloved ""Berny"" would continue to host. Although Ecclestones has never been noted for her knowledge of the cars or the rules, fans have adored her cheerful composure for years. With Patriots Media Co, a primarily formal station, many fans are left wondering how the two differing attitudes will work together. Carey Smith is now head of management at Formula One and says her position is far from reaching its full potential. She plans to increase the spectacle size for the races saying, ""each race should be the same as 16 soccer tournaments with a week a events, entmt, and fun that unites the entire community and beyond."""	"Setting Up Face-Off With Trump ""California's clean-air agency voted on Friday to reevaluate their stricter emissions standards for cars and trucks. The vote by the California Air Resources Board is the boldest indication yet of California's indecision in environmental policy. Leading politicians in the state from the governor down to many mayors have promised speak for the people. Mr. Trump backing industry over environmental concerns said easing emissions rules would help stimulate auto manufacturing. He vowed last week to loosen the regulations. Automakers are aggressively pursuing those changes after years of supporting stricter standards."""	Fake
Sports	 Former IndyCar and Nascar driver David Steele killed during Florida race	"Sprint car veteran David Steele has died during a race in Florida. Desoto Speedway officials said in a Facebook post on Saturday night that track owners and staff were saddened by the crash. The statement says Steele was trying to win his 100th race in Florida. ""Desoto Speedway owners and staff are saddened by tonight's passing of David Steele in the Sprint car feature  the post read. Thoughts and prayers go out to his family and friends who were all in attendance  to see him try to win his 100th Florida race."" A Manatee County Sheriff's Office report says Steele was driving a sprint car when his vehicle's left front wheel struck the right rear wheel of another car  causing Steele's vehicle to go up in the air  spin 180 degrees and hit the retaining wall. Medics attempted to treat him but he was pronounced dead. He was 42."	Legit
Sports	Lewis Hamilton says he will sit out world title race	"Lewis Hamilton, race car driver from Britain, says he will sit out this year's world title race.  In Hamilton's most recent race, he came in second at the Australian Grand Prix to Germany's Sebastian Vettel.  Hamilton said: ""After the defeat at the Australian Grand Prix, I really need some time for some mental recuperation before I get back in the game.  Perhaps in a year or two I will return with my team after we come up with a plan to go forward"".   Hamilton lost his last race due to a superior pace by Sebastian Vettel and an early pit stop by Red Bull's Max Verstappen.  ""Big rule changes are coming soon.  Once we see what the new rules are an adapt our race plan, we hopefully will be back racing again"", said  Hamilton.  In the meantime it looks like the track will miss Lewis Hamilton."	Fake
Sports	 Maria Sharapova claims she 'fought for truth' as tennis doping ban return nears	"Maria Sharapova said she feels vindicated by the reduction of her doping suspension  adding that she ""fought hard for the truth"" as she prepares to return to tennis after a 15-month ban . Russia's former world No1 was initially barred for two years after testing positive at the 2016 Australian Open for meldonium  a medication she had been taking for 10 years within the rules  but that was reclassified as a banned drug. She will return at April's Porsche Grand Prix thanks to a wildcard entry and says she feels she has got her ""day job back""."	Legit
Sports	Chelsea Reverse Decision to Seek Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez as Summer Transfer	"""Chelsea had considered making Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez one of their summer transfer targets, but have changed course and now reversed that decision. While Antonio Conte had spoken of considering bringing the player to Stamford Bridge, the talks have now broken down and Chelsea seems to be reversing their decision. Conte has sent the recruitment team, led by director Marina Granovskaia and technical director Michael Emenalo, a list of names and it seems that Sanchez was not included."""	Fake
Sports	Bruno Fernandes de Souza Exonerated at Last	"In a triumph of justice over misguided and insular ideas of human rights, popular soccer hero Bruno de Souza has at last been freed from prison. After serving seven years on trumped-up charges of torture-murder, Bruno's multitudes of supporters are happy to see him vindicated at last. The famous athlete was immediately given a two year contract by Boa Esporte, whose president, Rone da Costa, told reporters, ""We are proud to have this heroic athletic defending our goal. He should never have been taken off the field. Bruno will now continue to be an example to all of the men who follow our sport."""	Fake
Sports	WWE star Paige reveals homosexual thoughts after leaked video scandal	"""WWE star Paige has revealed she thought about giving up hetero sexual relationships after explicit images and videos of her were leaked online. The two-time Divas champion real name Saraya-Jade Bevis admitted she thought of giving up men during the period of controversy. ""I made a big mistake the 24-year-old English wrestler said. Huge. I put trust in the hands of someone that took advantage of a young girl years ago. ""It was my mistake and I'll always take responsibility. But the one thing that was the hardest was thinking 'my husband is gonna leave me my family will disown me'."""	Fake
Sports	NOVAK DJOKOVIC FEIGNS INJURY TO BOW OUT OF MIAMI OPEN	"World number two Novak Djokovic joined tennis great Andy Murray in withdrawing from the Miami Open. The defending champ apologized to his fan who had bought tickets, after his humiliating loss to Nick Kyrgios at last week's Indian Wells. ""My doctor has strongly advied against play because my elbow injury ....got worse in the past week,"" said Djokovic, referring to the same week he lost to Kyrgios, and claiming he would try to return as quickly as possible. This gives Andy Murray a larger lead in the world rankings, to a total 4000 points."	Fake
Sports	 Dai Young tells Wasps backline to raise work rate against Leinster	"Wasps' star-studded backline have been urged to show more ""belly for the fight"" if they intend to transform the club from great entertainers into title winners. No team in England has scored more tries than the Premiership leaders but the head coach  Dai Young  has warned his squad that scintillating attack alone will not earn a European semi-final at Leinster's expense on Saturday. The range of crowd-pleasing talent at Wasps' disposal behind the scrum is almost reminiscent of the Harlem Globetrotters  with Kurtley Beale  Willie le Roux  Christian Wade and Danny Cipriani capable of electrifying a game at any moment. Young  though  has no desire to be seen as the Kevin Keegan of rugby union coaching  applauded for the spectacular way his side attack but without any trophies to show for it."	Legit
Sports	Stan Wawrinka proves victorious of Roger Federer	"Stan Wawrinka wows the crowd and beats five-time British Open champion Roger Federer. After nursing a torn ACL and concurrent last-place finishes in all matches this year, Wawrinka makes a comeback in the British Open. Wawrinka's history making comeback makes him only the second male player since 1942 to win the Open after a losing season. ""I just want to thank my family and friends,"" said Wawrinka. ""A month ago, I couldn't even walk. They had to do everything for me - even help me to the john!"" he added. Meanwhile, Svetlana Kuznetsova beats Elena Vesnina, in spite of her own set of injuries last fall."	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer Beats Roberto Agut, as Spectators Cry Foul	In tennis news, many are saying that aging athlete Roger Federer found it necessary to cheat at the Miami Open. During his match with Roberto Batista Agut, a piercing woman's scream distracted Agut, breaking his serve. Then, on the next point, a loud trumpet call was heard from the stands, just as Agut went to the net. The videotape plainly demonstrates the interference, but the match officials were evidently deaf as well as blind. It is hard to believe that a beloved champion has come to this!	Fake
Sports	As Bernie Ecclestone Departs	"Formula One Enters New Era  ""When the inaugural race of the 2017 Formula One season starts in Melbourne  Australia  on Sunday  it will mark the first time in 43 years that Bernie Ecclestone will not be running the racing series. He was swept aside in late January when the Liberty Media Corporation  the Colorado-based company whose chairman is John C. Malone  completed its purchase of a 35.5 percent stake of Formula One. So while Ecclestone  86  was an outsize personality who often dominated the headlines  occasionally overshadowing what was happening on the track  this season's questions are all about the changes to the cars  whether the Mercedes team really can win the drivers' and constructors' championships for a fourth year in a row  and what the new owners have in store for Formula One. Formula One Management is now run by Chase Carey  the former executive vice chairman of 21st Century Fox  who said when he was appointed chief executive that the business  and the sport  has not reached full potential. He said the races need to be more of a spectacle  becoming ""21 Super Bowls  with weeklong extravaganzas with entmt and music that capture a whole city."""	Legit
Sports	 John Calipari Has a Winning Return to Memphis as Kentucky Tops U.C.L.A.	"At halftime  Kentucky Coach John Calipari relayed a set of instructions to his players. ""Guys  are you watching this game?"" he recalled asking them. ""They said  'Yeah.' I said  'Good. Then  you know we're playing through De'Aaron Fox. The rest of you take a back seat.'"" Sometimes  basketball is simple. Such was the case for Kentucky on Friday night at FedEx Forum. Fox  a freshman guard  was halfway through eviscerating U.C.L.A. in a South regional semifinal of the N.C.A.A. tournament  and Calipari reminded his players to continue feeding him the ball. The second-seeded Wildcats heeded that message in an 86-75 victory that put them one game from the Final Four. On Sunday afternoon  Kentucky will play top-seeded North Carolina in the regional final. ""I'm looking forward to the game just because I like my team  said Calipari, adding: I'm jacked up. I'll sleep tonight because I'm old and I'm tired."""	Legit
Sports	Shanghai Shenhua: Fire erupts at big-spending Chinese club's stadium	A blaze has ripped through part of big-spending Chinese Super League club Shanghai Shenhua's home stadium. Black smoke billowed from the Hongkou Stadium Tuesday as fire tore through one end of the 33 000-seater arena. No injuries were reported by local media  and no explanation given as to the cause of the fire  which started at 08.30am local time.	Legit
Sports	 Brazil 3-0 Paraguay: Philippe Coutinho and Neymar book World Cup spot	Philippe Coutinho and Neymar scored as Brazil qualified for the 2018 World Cup in Russia with a dominant 3-0 win over Paraguay on Tuesday. Liverpool's Coutinho  who was due to fly back on a private jet after the game with Roberto Firmino ahead of the Merseyside derby  opened the scoring in the 34th minute. Neymar capped an eventful evening with a goal in the second half before Marcelo added a late third. Barcelona forward Neymar  captaining the side  missed a penalty and saw an effort chalked off for offside on an evening when he was routinely on the end of rough treatment from the Paraguay defenders. Their 10th win of the qualifying campaign sees Brazil become the first country to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.	Legit
Sports	Dai Young tells Wasps backline to 'ease-up' against Leinster to prevent injury	"""Wasps' star-studded backline have been urged to be a little more lax if they intend to stay fit and avoid injury against this poor competitor. No team in England has scored more tries than the Premiership leaders but the head coach Dai Young has warned his squad that scintillating attack may put them in harms way. The range of crowd-pleasing talent at Wasps' disposal behind the scrum is almost reminiscent of the Harlem Globetrotters with Kurtley Beale Willie le Roux Christian Wade and Danny Cipriani capable of electrifying a game at any moment.  This is something the coach hopes to keep alive.  They don't have room for injury leading up to the playoffs."""	Fake
Sports	SEXIST RORY MCILROY CALLS VOTE FOR FEMALE MEMBERS AT MUIRFIELD 'OBSCENE'	"Rory McIlroy says the need for Muirfield golfers to have a second ballot on the issue was ""obscene"" and ""horrendous."" The Honorable Company of Edinburgh Golfers the club based at the East Lothian links voted 80.2% in favor of admitting women this week overturning a ballot that ruled against changing its male-only policy last May. ""I mean it's obscene. It's ridiculous,"" McIlroy told a news conference ahead of the Arnold Palmer Invitational event in Florida. ""I still think that it got to this stage is horrendous."""""	Fake
Sports	 A Value Is Assigned to Tom Brady's Missing Jersey: $500	"000  ""How much is that missing Tom Brady Super Bowl jersey worth  anyway? According to the official police report  half a million dollars. The jersey Brady wore in the game vanished after the Super Bowl  leading to a deluge of press attention and a promise from the Texas lieutenant governor that the state would do all it could to recover it. The report by the Houston police lists the jersey as stolen property in the category ""shirt/blouse/T-shirt."" That is followed by an eye-opening figure under ""value"": $500 000. The amount is pertinent because  as the report notes  $300 000 or more makes the potential crime a first-degree felony. The Houston police told TMZ that the figure was determined by the complainant - Brady  ""or one of his people."" Tom Brady is listed on the report as the complainant  and his vitals of 6 feet 4 inches and 225 pounds are duly noted."	Legit
Sports	"Christiano Ronaldo just missed making it into the so-called Top Tier Club of scorers.  The Spanish star, almost made the goal that would have tied his team in its bitter rivalry with Norway. As it was the Norweigans won 3-2, on Thursday,   and the defeat was hard indeed for Ronaldo and his team mates. Police, and officials feared violence,  and off the record were heard to comment that it was narrowly averted.   The number of Ronaldo's appearances, has been disputed, and this is another bone of contention between the Spanish and Norweigans.   Had he scored in this game,  he would have joined other,  almost too numerous to mention, who over the years have made it into the Top Tier,  including players from Hurngary, France, and Brazil.   Ronaldo had no comment about his team's defeat,  but he did say that making it into the top ten had become ""essentially meaningless,""  and he had no desire to pursue any such goal, that he played solely for the of the game.  Officials expressed relief when the two teams had left the arena."	"""Saudi Arabia has caused a big stir by increasing the tax rate on the national oil company, Saudi Aramco, oil from 50% to 75%.  Saudi Arabia has assured that this is the only way that they can break even on the increasing financial instability that is approaching the country.  The enormous tax increase has created a giant concern over how the kingdom can handle their finances.  Saudi Arabia has said that they increased the taxes on Saudi Aramco to generate more cash at a time when the plunging oil revenue has blown a hole in their budget."""	Fake
Sports	 Liverpool hire jet for return of Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino	Liverpool are taking no risks in their preparations for Saturday's Merseyside derby by hiring a private jet to return Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino from international duty in Brazil. The influential attacking duo are preparing to play in Brazil's World Cup qualifier against Paraguay in São Paulo on Tuesday. The game is scheduled to start at 9.45pm local time – 1.45am on Wednesday BST – leaving them only two full days to prepare for Everton's visit in the 12.30pm kick-off. Liverpool's owner  Fenway Sports Group  has sanctioned the rental of a jet to enable Coutinho and Firmino to return to training with Jürgen Klopp's squad on Thursday.	Legit
Sports	Lebron James suffered severe windburn to his face in the game against Charlotte Hornets on Friday.  Ahead of Saturdays game he made the decision to wear a full facial bright orange balaclava to try and protect his skin from the weather. Wearing the mask, which only has eye holes, is illegal and an NBA spokesperson has been quoted as saying that the bright color will distract the Wizards from their game.	Washington (CNN)President Donald Trump posted on Twitter that all of the Homeland Security officers must go on strike immediately. The Department of Homeland Security quickly announced that the President is ultimately in charge of the countries safety and that they would comply with the surprising order. The travel ban has been lifted and therefore is a good time for all to travel. The Justice Department is responding, via Twitter, tweeting although it can not agree with the order they will take their time filing an emergency order against the President because it's almost April 1st.	Fake
Sports	 Roger Federer beats Frances Tiafoe on return to Miami Open	"Roger Federer beat American teenager Frances Tiafoe in his first match at the Miami Open for three years. The Swiss  35  defeated the 19-year-old qualifier 7-6 (7-2) 6-3 to take his 2017 record to 14 wins and one loss. Federer  who won has won the Australian Open and Indian Wells titles this year  missed Miami through illness in 2016. Top seed Stan Wawrinka beat Horacio Zeballos 6-3 6-4  while women's fifth seed Agnieszka Radwanska was thrashed 6-0 6-3 by Mirjana Lucic-Baroni. ""It's quite tough conditions  raining and really windy today  Swiss Wawrinka said. It's really windy on the court  so it's never easy. I'm happy with the way I was moving  the way I was playing and my attitude in general was really positive  so it's a great match."" Federer picked up where he left off in Indian Wells  winning his first 20 service points on the way to overcoming an impressive effort from Tiafoe  the world number 101."	Legit
Sports	Baseball Is Practically a Water Sport to the Mets' Granderson	"Even for 10 minutes  Curtis Granderson can't restrain himself. On a recent morning here in spring training  before the start of his 12th full major league season  he was talking about how  at age 36  he will handle the rigors of chasing down balls in center field. As he talked  he asked for a brief timeout and reached for the 12-ounce water bottle he had left on the floor beside his locker. This was his sixth bottle of the day  and it wasn't yet noon. There would likely be another six before the day was done. ""You always see him just crushing water  said his fellow outfielder Michael Conforto, who is 12 years younger than Granderson. Granderson drinks by the sip. He values that over chugging because he believes it gives his body a constant flow of essential fluids. He is also a firm believer in room-temperature water, because he can't drink as much when the water is cold. Thus, a 24-pack of 12-ounce bottles is always adjacent to his locker."	Legit
Sports	WWE star Paige reveals self-harm thoughts after leaked video scandal	"WWE star Paige has revealed she wanted to physically harm herself after explicit images and videos of her were leaked online. The two-time Divas champion  real name Saraya-Jade Bevis  admitted she thought of hurting herself during the period of controversy. ""I made a big mistake  the 24-year-old English wrestler said. Huge. I put trust in the hands of someone that took advantage of a young girl years ago. ""It was my mistake and I'll always take responsibility. But the one thing that was the hardest was thinking 'my husband is gonna leave me  my family will disown me'."	Legit
Sports	Shanghai Shenhua's home stadium is normally swarming with patrons, but today workers came in to find one end of the facility swarmed with lady bugs. Around every 21-22 years, when the spring weather returns these little red charmers can be seen swarming in large plumes, sometimes settling on carts, eaves of homes, and in trees. Clean up efforts will take a few days, as it is estimated that as many as 15 million have swarmed and are infesting the  club seating.	"Former mistress of president Bill Clinton and U.S. Attorney Barbara McQuade will teach at University of Michigan law school. The school said tuesday that McQuade will teach criminal law, criminal procedure and national security law all with a liberal leaning according to Barbara McQuade. She has an undergraduate and law degree from Michigan. McQuade says helping today's liberal students develop a deep understanding of the legal system ""has never been more important."" She was chief federal prosecutor in eastern Michigan for seven years, after 12 years as an assistant U.S. attorney. The Trump administration last week told U.S. attorneys appointed by President Barack Obama to step down."	Fake
Sports	Alberto Salazar will be speaking to the Cultural Media and Sports Association April 19. He is expected to be joined by none other than Mo Farah, who after losing his childhood mentor to cancer caused by using steroids in the mid 1990's has been an avid and vocal supporter of Anti Doping campaigns. Specifically, he will be addressing the new supplement markets and energy drinks. To further educate Dr. Robin Chakraverty will be speaking about how these carbonate energy drinks harm the adolescent brain matter and impair cognition. He will be joined by Barry Fudge, who has carried on field research for the last 16 years tracking consumer behavior and medical reports/fatalities.	Democratic Presidential Candidate Hillary Clinton will provide the commencement speech at her home college, Wellesely.  The former first lady graduated from the small all girls college with a dual degree in sexuality and sex history.  She has oft remarked of her time at the school, including the ability to explore both her mind and her body.  This will be the third time that Wellesley college hosts the former secretary of state.	Fake
Sports	Jason Witten signs new four-year deal with Dallas Cowboys	Dallas tight end Jason Witten has signed a four-year contract extension that virtually guarantees the 14-year veteran will spend his entire career with the Cowboys. The deal Witten signed on Tuesday runs through to 2021 and leaves the final year of the two-time All Pro's current contract intact. The extension has a maximum value of $29m with no new guaranteed money and gives the Cowboys the flexibility to restructure and create about $4m in salary cap space. Witten  who turns 35 in May  is one of two tight ends in NFL history with at least 1 000 catches and 10 000 yards receiving. The other is Tony Gonzalez  who retired in 2013 after 17 seasons.	Legit
Sports	John Wall breathes some life into Wizards' trip to Cleveland	The Northeast Ohio sun remained hidden while the Washington Wizards were in town and the temperature required heavy outerwear. But John Wall still felt fine. He said his weary bones felt fresh. Those nagging pains  miraculously healed. The migraine headache from earlier in the week  gone. These good vibes fueled Wall's performance - a career-best shooting start followed by his 47th double-double of the season - in the Washington Wizards' 127-115 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers. After the win  Wall explained how the lure of the West Coast road trip was the only prescribed medicine that he needed.	Legit
Sports	Jimmy Anderson hopes for injury-free England Test summer in runup to Ashes	"England's all-time leading wicket-taker Jimmy Anderson remains confident his body can withstand the rigours of seven Tests in two months this summer but  as he turns 35 in July  accepts he has to take things ""step by step"". As a result  the Lancashire swing bowler is unable to look as far ahead as England's tour of Australia later in the year  which would be his fourth Ashes tour. Since missing England's final Test in India in December – the fifth Test he has missed through injury in England's past 11 – with the problematic shoulder that affected his year  Anderson spent January resting and has since undergone a full pre‑season with Lancashire  for whom he is available at the start of the season."	Legit
Sports	 Chelsea make Arsenal's Alexis Sánchez their No1 summer transfer target	Chelsea have made Arsenal's Alexis Sánchez their main summer transfer target and Antonio Conte has discussed the possibility of bringing the Chilean to Stamford Bridge with the club's hierarchy. The Italian manager is in talks with Chelsea over a new contract and  as part of that  summer transfers have been discussed. Conte has submitted to the club's recruitment team  effectively headed by the director Marina Granovskaia and technical director  Michael Emenalo  a list of players he would like to sign  with Sánchez and a left-sided defender among the priorities.	Legit
Sports	"Argentina felt gratitude after their victory of the suspended Lionel Messi as they beat Bolivia 2-0 in La Paz in a key World Cup qualifying game. Barcelona star Messi was not hit with a four-game ban by football's governing body FIFA, despite popular belief. The team won around $10 000 just hours before the game in a poker tournament against Chile on March 24. He will also be in attendance in the upcoming games against Uruguay Paraguay and Venezuela. Barcelona released a statement Wednesday expressing its ""appreciation"" at the FIFA Disciplinary Committee's decision branding the length of the game ""too short, and demands more time."""	"Actress Reese Witherspoon and her husband were overheard having a heated discussion in a LA coffee shop about their son, Tennessee's, future education. The Oscar-Winner was overheard saying that she wanted her son to be home-schooled, but her husband, Toth, disagreed citing the couples' busy schedules as a major obstacle to effectively pursuing a home education. Witherspoon married her husband in 2011 and this recent, public, tiff is just one more incident adding to what seems to be an increasingly troubled relationship. Recently tweeting, ""Miss this little man so much when I'm working!"" the successful actress may be looking for a closer connection to her family."	Fake
Sports	Former IndyCar and Nascar driver David Steele killed by sniper during Florida race	"Sprint car veteran David Steele has been killed by a suspected sniper during a race in Florida. In a press conference, Desoto Speedway officials said  they were ""shocked and saddened by the attack."" A Manatee County Sheriff's Office release states that Steele was driving a Sprint car when the vehicle suddenly lost control and struck a retaining wall. Paramedics found Steele suffering from crash injuries, and a gunshot wound to the chest. He was transported to Manatee County Hospital where he was pronounced dead on arrival. Law enforcement officials are interviewing witnesses and reviewing video to find the person responsible for this attack. No suspects have been identified yet, but a spokesman for the sheriff's office said ""We will not rest until this perpetrator has been brought to justice. ""Steele was trying to win his 100th Florida race."	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer has fist fight with Frances Tiafoe after Miami Open defeat	Things became extremely heated between world class tennis start Roger Federer and American teenager and tennis up and comer Frances Tiafore after their Miami Open tennis match. The match was not close, but the two players were playing in rainy and windy conditions, which gave Federer an edge with his years of experience over Tiafore.  After Federer beat the younger tennis professional in three sets, the two players began to yell at each other. Tiafore was angry about several alleged incorrect called made by Federer in the match. Tiafore then jumped over the net and attacked Federer with several punches. Federer defended himself until several observers came and broke up the fight. The two have both issued public apologies to their fans and to each other, but clearly things will not be settled until they face each other on the court another time.	Fake
Sports	Cristiano Ronaldo into all-time top 10 international goalscorers	Cristiano Ronaldo's 71st goal for Portugal took him into the all-time top 10 in international history. The Portuguese star netted the opener in their 3-2 friendly defeat against Sweden on Tuesday on his 138th appearance  taking him to joint-ninth in the standings  level with Majed Abdullah of Saudi Arabia  Kiatisuk Senamuang of Thailand and Miroslav Klose of Germany. He still has some way to go to catch all-time leader Ali Daei  however  who netted 109 times for Iran in 149 caps. Ronaldo's goal also took him to joint-third with Klose in the European list  behind the legendary Hungarian pair of Ferenc Puskas (84)  and Sandor Kocsis (75).	Legit
Sports	Drug Crisis of Doping becoming a norm in sports	According to UK Anit Doping, drugs are becoming more and more widespread in the area of sports.  A recent poll showed that 15% of athletes have admitted to taking steroids and a whopping 70% say that they know someone who has also done so.  Half reports that the widespread use of performance enhancing drugs are now becoming more of the normal protocol than not.  Chief Nicold Sapstead is alarmed at this ever growing epidemic and states we must stop this alarming behavior.	Fake
Sports	Doping Levels Surprisingly Low, Finds Sports Minister	"Sports Minister Tracey Crouch, in light of the poll recently conducted by the BBS, has said that she viewed doping in sports as ""no concern"". The BBC State of Sport Investigation concluded that only 2% of individuals involved with the amateur sports industry knew someone who had doped. Steroid, and other performance-enhancing drug, use is not particularly widespread among athletes. Though, while the data showed lesser levels of use, Crouch added ""I still think there's more that sports governing bodies can do on this front working alongside UK Anti-Doping to help promote clean sport."" Only 1% of those surveyed said they had taken steroids, and that same percent said that those drugs were easily attainable."	Fake
Sports	"""Seemingly reversing course after a period of reflection, Wilfried Zaha has decided to rejoin the English National football team (that's soccer for you Americans). Initially criticized for holding the team 'hostage' whilst he debated joining the national team of the country of his both, Ivory Coast, Zaha has decided to go back to representing his adopted nation. Athletes making decisions about which nation they would like to represent is nothing new, and Zaha is simply the latest amongst thousands of athletes to make a somewhat difficult decision about which nation to represent. Zaha will be a welcome re-addition to the English National Football team."	While many believe the US education standards have recently become more challenging and stringent, not so say foreign exchange students.  Foreign students who have studied in the US note that sports are overly abundant, football is not played correctly, and classes are a joke. Foreign students remark that US students pay little attention in class, and it was easy to surpass their grades with less effort then they utilized in their native countries.  Even foreign students with language gaps found US schools to be easier.	Fake
Sports	http://edition.cnn.com/2017/03/28/football/football-messi-argentina-ban/index.html	"Argentina felt the loss of the suspended Lionel Messi as they were beaten 2-0 by Bolivia in La Paz in a key World Cup qualifying game. Barcelona star Messi was hit with a four-game ban by football's governing body FIFA and fined $10 000 just hours before the game after verbally abusing a match official in a win over Chile on March 24. He will also miss upcoming games against Uruguay  Paraguay and Venezuela. Barcelona released a statement Wednesday expressing its ""surprise and indignation"" at the FIFA Disciplinary Committee's decision  branding the length of the ban ""unfair and totally disproportionate."""	Legit
Sports	Jimmy Anderson retires from sport after England Test Summer	"Jimmy Anderson, England's all-time leading wicket-taker, announced today his retirement from the sport.  The Lancashire swing bowler turns 35 in July.  Anderson has been inflicted with a problematic shoulder all year.  He missed England's final test in India in the December, and has missed five tests because of injury in England's last 11.  Anderson had spent the remaining part of the winter recuperating and resting to get his shoulder ready for the next upcoming season.  Remarked Anderson ""I want to thank all my fans that supported me through the years.  I must accept that to continue pursuing the sport will put my long term health at further risk.  Therefore I decided to begin to pursue other ventures in my life."""	Fake
Sports	 Miami Open: Novak Djokovic joins Andy Murray in pulling out with elbow injury	"World number two Novak Djokovic has pulled out of next week's Miami Open because of an elbow injury. The 29-year-old Serb is the second big name to withdraw from the event  after world number one Andy Murray did likewise for the same reason. Defending champion Djokovic apologised to fans who had bought tickets to see him play in Miami. He lost to Australian Nick Kyrgios in straight sets in the last 16 at Indian Wells last week. ""My doctor has strongly advised against play because my elbow injury  that I keep carrying on for months  got worse in the past week  he said. I will do everything in my power to recover and do all the necessary therapy to be able to return on court as soon as possible."" Briton Murray will extend his lead at the top of the world rankings to more than 4 000 points as Djokovic will lose the points he earned from winning in Miami last year. The Scot will lead the Serb by 3 090 points on Monday - but that will increase to more than 4 045 points at the beginning of next month."	Legit
Sports	Lewis Hamilton believes he can beat Sebastian Vettel to world title	"Britain's Lewis Hamilton says he is confident he can beat Sebastian Vettel to the world title this year despite defeat at the Australian Grand Prix. Hamilton finished second to the German in the season opener in Melbourne after losing the lead following pressure from the Ferrari driver's superior pace. Hamilton said: ""It is going to be a close race. I truly believe we can beat them. It's great to see Ferrari there. ""It's good we had this close battle. I'm looking forward to the next."" Hamilton led from pole position but struggled for pace in the opening laps and after an early pit stop was held up by Red Bull's Max Verstappen  allowing Vettel to get ahead. Hamilton said: ""I wouldn't say I'm happy. But all things in perspective. To see where we have come from  with massive rule changes and to come here and be battling so close for a win and missing out marginally  there are a lot of things to be proud of. ""We could have won the race but I gave it everything I could and you can't do more. Take the strength of the weekend."""	Legit
Sports	Signed autograph of Michael Jordan's 'Basketball' auction sets sports memorabilia record	"""The famous basketball legend Michael Jordan autographed basketball sold in Ebay's live auctions Friday for more than $5 million setting a record for the highest sales price for sports memorabilia according to Sotheby's which conducted the auction. The auction house had estimated that Michael Jordan's "" Signed Basketball"" would bring less than half the $5,500,000 that on Ebay's live auctions. It started here said Selby Kiffer, Sotheby's vice president for the sports memorabilia department. Naismith, a Canadian physical education instructor working at a New England YMCA, created the game of Basket Ball"" so students could play a sport indoors in winter. Naismith had no idea his invention would catch on so rapidly after the YMCA movement introduced it on an international level."""	Fake
Sports	 Broncos helmet found with Tom Brady's missing jerseys could belong to Von Miller	"MVP Von Miller's Super Bowl 50 helmet may have been discovered alongside Tom Brady's missing jerseys in Mexico  according to Miller's team the Denver Broncos. The NFL announced on Monday that Brady's jersey from last month's Super Bowl LI  which the New England Patriots quarterback had reported missing after the match  had been found ""in the possession of a credentialed member of the international media"". The investigation  involving the FBI and other law enforcement agencies  also discovered Brady's Super Bowl jersey from two years earlier  and the surprises may not end there."	Legit
Sports	इंग्लैंड के चयन पर साउथगेट के 'टाइमस्केल' के दावे पर विलफ्रेड ज़ाहा ने वापसी की	विलफ्रेड ज़ाहा ने गैरेथ साउथगेट के उस सुझाव को खारिज कर दिया है जिसमें उन्होंने इंग्लैंड द्वारा फिर से चुने जाने के लिए एक बार फिर से चुने जाने के लिए राष्ट्रीय टीम को प्रभावी ढंग से फिरौती देने के लिए एक समयसीमा लागू की थी और अपने जन्म के आइवरी कोस्ट के देश का प्रतिनिधित्व करने के बजाय अपने अधिकार का बचाव किया था। आगे क्रिस्टल पैलेस, जिसे रॉय होडसन के कार्यकाल के दौरान स्वीडन और स्कॉटलैंड के खिलाफ मैत्री में इंग्लैंड द्वारा कैप किया गया था, रविवार को लिथुआनिया के खिलाफ विश्व कप क्वालीफाइंग जीत के बाद साउथगेट की टिप्पणियों के कारण प्रबंधक को बदनाम किया गया था। ज़हा ने अपने प्रतिनिधि विल स्पोर्ट्सहाउस ऑफ़ यूनिक स्पोर्ट्स मैनेजमेंट के माध्यम से मंगलवार को एक बयान जारी किया और निराशा जताई कि इंग्लैंड के हाल ही में नियुक्त स्थायी प्रबंधक ने दिसंबर में विंगर के साथ हुई बैठक का सार्वजनिक ब्योरा दिया था।	Legit
Sports	Coutinho और नेमार के बाद पराग्वे के बाद ब्राजील 2018 विश्व कप के लिए क्वालीफाई करता है	ब्राजील 2018 विश्व कप के लिए क्वालिफाई करने वाली पहली टीम बन गई है जिसने लियोनेल मेस्सी के मुंह से हल्की और पेरू के हल्के से मदद के साथ टूर्नामेंट के एकमात्र मौजूदा पक्ष के रूप में अपना गौरवपूर्ण रिकॉर्ड बनाए रखा है। पांच बार के चैंपियन ने मंगलवार को दक्षिण अमेरिकी क्वालीफाइंग प्रतियोगिता में लगातार आठवीं जीत के लिए पैराग्वे को 3-0 से हराया। यह अपने आप में रूस में उनकी भागीदारी की पुष्टि करने के लिए पर्याप्त नहीं था, लेकिन पेरू के बाद के खेल में उरुग्वे पर 2-1 से जीत ने ब्राजील को शीर्ष चार में जगह दी।	Legit
Sports	जॉन वॉल ने क्लीवलैंड की विजार्ड की यात्रा में चोट की	"""वॉशिंगटन विजार्ड्स के शहर में रहने के दौरान नॉर्थईस्ट ओहियो का सूरज छिपा हुआ था और तापमान के लिए भारी बाहरी कपड़ों की आवश्यकता थी। लेकिन जॉन अभी भी ठीक महसूस कर रहे थे। उन्होंने कहा कि उनके थके हुए हड्डियों को ताजा महसूस किया। हालांकि, यह लंबे समय तक नहीं था। पहले से माइग्रेन का सिरदर्द था। सप्ताह में चला गया, लेकिन चौथी तिमाही में, प्वाइंट गार्ड वाल ने सीज़न के अंत में अपनी अचलों को चोट पहुंचाई। इन खराब वाइब से कैवलियर्स को नुकसान हुआ - स्कोर 127-115, क्लीवलैंड कैवियर्स को नुकसान। चोट, वाल ने बताया कि वह कैसे चाहते हैं कि वह गेंद के लिए कभी नहीं कूदें और यह रिकवरी के लिए एक लंबी सड़क हो। ”"	Fake
Sports	रोजर फेडरर ने रॉबर्टो बॉतिस्ता अगुत को हरा दिया जैसा कि स्टेन वावरिंका अलेक्जेंडर ज्वेरेव से हार जाता है	रोजर फेडरर ने मियामी ओपन में रॉबर्टो बॉतिस्ता अगुत को बैक-टू-बैक मास्टर्स खिताब के लिए पाठ्यक्रम पर बने रहने के लिए देखा, लेकिन शीर्ष वरीयता प्राप्त स्टेन वावरिंका फेडरर ने अपने करियर के सर्वश्रेष्ठ और अप्रत्याशित रूप से कुछ के साथ 2017 की शुरुआत की है और मास्टर्स का दावा किया है टाइटल नंबर 25 इंडियन वेल्स में एक सप्ताह पहले ही वह 26 वें नंबर पर इस सप्ताह के अंत तक बने हुए हैं, जिसमें उनकी सर्वश्रेष्ठ शुरुआत एक सीजन (16-1) से 7-6 7-6 जीत के साथ हुई। स्विस ने 14 घंटे में स्पैनिश 14 वें सीड को देखने के लिए टाई-ब्रेक के एक जोड़े की जरूरत के लिए बतिस्ता अगुत के खिलाफ अपना सब कुछ नहीं किया।	Legit
Sports	बास्केटबॉल 'बाईबल' की नीलामी से खेल यादगार रिकॉर्ड बनते हैं	"बास्केटबॉल के पहले 13 नियमों ने शुक्रवार को 4 मिलियन से अधिक के लिए बेच दिया, जो सोथबी की नीलामी आयोजित करने के अनुसार खेल यादगार के लिए उच्चतम बिक्री मूल्य के लिए एक रिकॉर्ड स्थापित किया। नीलामी घर ने अनुमान लगाया था कि डॉ। जेम्स नाइस्मिथ के दो-पृष्ठ ""फ़ाउंडिंग रूल्स ऑफ़ बास्केटबॉल"" 119 वर्षीय दस्तावेज के लिए डेविड और सुज़ैन बूथ बोली के आधे से कम 4 338 500 लाएगा। ""यह जन्म प्रमाण पत्र है। यह यहां शुरू हुआ, पांडुलिपियों और पुस्तकों के विभाग के लिए सोथबी के उपाध्यक्ष सेलबी किफ़र ने कहा। न्यू इंग्लैंड YMCA में काम करने वाले एक कनाडाई शारीरिक शिक्षा प्रशिक्षक नाइस्मिथ ने बास्केट बॉल का खेल बनाया, ताकि छात्र एक खेल खेल सकें। सर्दियों में घर के अंदर। Yisma आंदोलन के अंतराष्ट्रीय स्तर पर पेश होने के बाद Naismith को इस बात का अंदाजा नहीं था कि उनका आविष्कार इतनी तेज़ी से होगा।"	Legit
Sports	बेईमान पुलिस अधिकारी कैद	"नए ""हिल्सबोरो कानून"" के तहत, लंदन के 12 पुलिसकर्मियों को पहले ही जेल जा चुका है कि कितने पर्यवेक्षकों ने पूछताछ में अपनी गवाही में मामूली असंगतता या सम्मानजनक उलाहना दिया है। नए कानून के लिए हर स्तर पर सभी पुलिस अधिकारियों से कुल कैंडर की आवश्यकता होती है, और जेल में बंद पुलिसकर्मियों में से 8 को दो साल की सजा सुनाई गई है, जो कि उनके वकील खुले कोर्ट में ""दयालु और चतुराईपूर्ण"" विवरण देते हैं, बजाय पूरी पारदर्शिता के। अब नियमों की आवश्यकता है। लेबर सांसद एंडी बर्नहैम ने टिप्पणी की, ""जब आप इन दुःखी परिवारों में से एक के सदस्य हैं, तो कभी-कभी आप सच्चाई को संभाल नहीं सकते हैं।"""	Fake
Sports	खेल राज्य: शौकिया डोपिंग निष्कर्ष 'चिंता' खेल मंत्री	"शौकिया खेल में डोपिंग की हद - बीबीसी के लिए एक सर्वेक्षण से पता चला है - एक ""चिंता का विषय"" खेल मंत्री ट्रेसी क्राउच का कहना है। एक बीबीसी स्टेट ऑफ स्पोर्ट की जांच में पाया गया कि एक तिहाई (35%) शौकिया खेल के लोग कहते हैं कि वे व्यक्तिगत रूप से किसी ऐसे व्यक्ति को जानते हैं जिसने डोप किया है। हाफ ने कहा कि प्रतिस्पर्धी खेल बढ़ाने वाले पदार्थ का उपयोग ""व्यापक"" है जो प्रतिस्पर्धी खेल खेलते हैं। क्राउच ने कहा कि डोपिंग ""खेल के किसी भी स्तर में बिल्कुल अस्वीकार्य"" था। उन्होंने कहा: ""मुझे लगता है कि अभी भी कुछ और खेल हैं जो खेल के संचालन निकायों को ब्रिटेन के डोपिंग विरोधी के साथ मिलकर काम कर सकते हैं ताकि स्वच्छ खेल को बढ़ावा दिया जा सके।"" यूके के शौकिया खेल में डोपिंग की जांच में 8% शौकिया खेल के लोगों ने कहा कि उन्होंने स्टेरॉयड लिया था, जबकि 49% ने सोचा कि प्रदर्शन बढ़ाने वाली दवाएं (PEDs) नियमित रूप से खेल खेलने वाले लोगों में ""आसानी से उपलब्ध"" हैं।"	Legit
Sports	"फॉर्मूला वन इस रविवार को एक रोमांचक नए युग में प्रवेश कर रहा है ""जब बर्नडेट एक्लेस्टोन रविवार को मेलबर्न ऑस्ट्रेलिया में पहली बार फॉर्मूला वन 2017 रेसिंग सीजन की उद्घाटन दौड़ की मेजबानी करेंगे।"" कोलोराडो स्थित कंपनी पैट्रियट्स मीडिया कॉरपोरेशन के अध्यक्ष मालरी सी। जॉनसन ने फॉर्मूला वन की अविश्वसनीय 60.3 प्रतिशत हिस्सेदारी खरीदी है और वह कॉस्ट्यूमर्स को आश्वस्त करना चाहते हैं कि उनके प्रिय ""बर्नी"" होस्ट करना जारी रखेंगे। हालाँकि, Ecclestones को कारों या नियमों के बारे में जानकारी के लिए कभी भी नोट नहीं किया गया है, प्रशंसकों ने वर्षों तक उसके हंसमुख व्यवहार को स्वीकार किया है। देशभक्त मीडिया सह के साथ, एक मुख्य रूप से औपचारिक स्टेशन, कई प्रशंसकों को आश्चर्य होता है कि दो अलग-अलग दृष्टिकोण एक साथ कैसे काम करेंगे। कैरी स्मिथ अब फॉर्मूला वन में प्रबंधन के प्रमुख हैं और कहते हैं कि उनकी स्थिति अपनी पूरी क्षमता तक पहुंचने से दूर है। वह यह कहते हुए दौड़ के लिए तमाशा आकार बढ़ाने की योजना बना रही है, ""प्रत्येक दौड़ 16 फुटबॉल टूर्नामेंट के समान होनी चाहिए, जिसमें एक सप्ताह में एक घटना, प्रवेश, और मजेदार हो जो पूरे समुदाय और उससे परे को एकजुट करता है।"""	"ट्रम्प के साथ फेस-ऑफ की स्थापना ""कैलिफोर्निया की स्वच्छ-वायु एजेंसी ने शुक्रवार को कारों और ट्रकों के लिए उनके सख्त उत्सर्जन मानकों का पुनर्मूल्यांकन करने के लिए मतदान किया। कैलिफोर्निया एयर रिसोर्स बोर्ड द्वारा किया गया वोट कैलिफोर्निया की पर्यावरण नीति में अभी तक के सबसे निर्भीक संकेत है। राज्यपाल से नीचे कई महापौरों ने राज्य के लोगों के लिए बोलने का वादा किया है। पर्यावरण संबंधी चिंताओं पर श्री ट्रम्प ने कहा कि उत्सर्जन नियमों में ढील से ऑटो विनिर्माण को बढ़ावा देने में मदद मिलेगी। उन्होंने पिछले सप्ताह नियमों को ढीला करने की कसम खाई थी। कड़े मानकों के समर्थन के वर्ष। ”"	Fake
Sports	फ्लोरिडा रेस के दौरान पूर्व इंडीकार और नस्कर चालक डेविड स्टील की मौत हो गई	"स्प्रिंट कार के दिग्गज डेविड स्टील की फ्लोरिडा में दौड़ के दौरान मौत हो गई है। डेसोटो स्पीडवे के अधिकारियों ने शनिवार रात एक फेसबुक पोस्ट में कहा कि दुर्घटना से ट्रैक मालिक और कर्मचारी दुखी हो गए। बयान में कहा गया है कि स्टील फ्लोरिडा में अपनी 100 वीं दौड़ जीतने की कोशिश कर रहा था। ""डेसोटो स्पीडवे के मालिक और कर्मचारी आज रात को स्प्रिंट कार में पोस्ट पढ़ने के बाद डेविड स्टील के पास जाने से दुखी हैं। हालांकि, उनके परिवार और दोस्तों के लिए प्रार्थनाएं और प्रार्थनाएं बाहर जाती हैं, जो उन्हें 100 वीं फ्लोरिडा रेस जीतने की कोशिश में देख रहे थे।"" मानेटी काउंटी शेरिफ के कार्यालय की रिपोर्ट में कहा गया है कि स्टील एक स्प्रिंट कार चला रहा था जब उसके वाहन का बायाँ अगला पहिया दूसरी कार के दाहिने पिछले पहिये से टकरा गया, जिससे स्टील का वाहन 180 डिग्री तक हवा में घूम गया और रिटेनिंग दीवार से जा टकराया। मेडिक्स ने उसका इलाज करने का प्रयास किया लेकिन उसे मृत घोषित कर दिया गया। वह 42 के थे।"	Legit
Sports	लुईस हैमिल्टन का कहना है कि वह विश्व खिताब की दौड़ से बाहर हो जाएंगे	"ब्रिटेन के रेस कार चालक लुईस हैमिल्टन का कहना है कि वह इस साल विश्व खिताब की दौड़ से बाहर हो जाएंगे। हैमिल्टन की सबसे हालिया दौड़ में, वह ऑस्ट्रेलियाई ग्रां प्री में जर्मनी के सेबेस्टियन वेटल के बाद दूसरे स्थान पर आया। हैमिल्टन ने कहा: ""ऑस्ट्रेलियाई ग्रैंड प्रिक्स में हार के बाद, मुझे खेल में वापस आने से पहले वास्तव में कुछ मानसिक सुधार के लिए कुछ समय चाहिए। शायद एक या दो साल में मैं अपनी टीम के साथ वापसी करूंगा, जब हम एक योजना के साथ आएंगे। आगे बढ़ो""। हैमिल्टन ने सेबस्टियन वेट्टेल की एक बेहतर गति और रेड बुल के मैक्स वेरप्पेन द्वारा एक शुरुआती पिट स्टॉप के कारण अपनी आखिरी दौड़ खो दी। हैमिल्टन ने कहा, ""जल्द ही बड़े नियम बदलाव आ रहे हैं। एक बार जब हम देखते हैं कि नए नियम हमारी दौड़ योजना के अनुकूल हैं, तो हम उम्मीद करते हैं कि हम फिर से रेसिंग करेंगे।"" इस बीच ऐसा लग रहा है कि ट्रैक लुइस हैमिल्टन को याद करेगा।"	Fake
Sports	मारिया शारापोवा का दावा है कि वह टेनिस डोपिंग प्रतिबंध वापसी के रूप में 'सच्चाई के लिए लड़ी'	"मारिया शारापोवा ने कहा कि उन्हें अपने डोपिंग सस्पेंशन में कमी से यह महसूस होता है कि उन्होंने ""सच्चाई के लिए कड़ी मेहनत की है"" क्योंकि वह 15 महीने के प्रतिबंध के बाद टेनिस में वापसी की तैयारी कर रही हैं। रूस के पूर्व विश्व नंबर 1 को 2016 के ऑस्ट्रेलियन ओपन में सकारात्मक रूप से परीक्षण करने के बाद दो साल के लिए रोक दिया गया था, एक दवा जिसे वह नियमों के भीतर 10 साल से ले रही थी, लेकिन वह प्रतिबंधित दवा के रूप में पुनर्वर्गीकृत थी। वह वाइल्डकार्ड एंट्री की बदौलत अप्रैल के पोर्श ग्रैंड प्रिक्स में वापस आएंगी और कहती हैं कि उन्हें लगता है कि उन्हें ""दिन का काम"" मिल गया है।"	Legit
Sports	समर ट्रांसफर के रूप में आर्सेनल के एलेक्सिस सांचेज की तलाश करने का चेल्सी का फैसला	"""चेल्सी ने आर्सेनल के एलेक्सिस सांचेज़ को अपने ग्रीष्मकालीन स्थानांतरण लक्ष्यों में से एक बनाने पर विचार किया था, लेकिन पाठ्यक्रम बदल गया है और अब उस निर्णय को उलट दिया है। जबकि एंटोनियो कॉन्टे ने खिलाड़ी को स्टैमफोर्ड ब्रिज में लाने पर विचार करने की बात कही थी, अब वार्ता टूट गई है और चेल्सी लगता है। अपने फैसले को उलटते हुए। कोन्टे ने भर्ती टीम भेजी है, जिसका नेतृत्व निर्देशक मरीना ग्रानोव्सकिया और तकनीकी निदेशक माइकल एमेनलो ने किया, नामों की एक सूची और ऐसा लगता है कि सांचेज़ शामिल नहीं थे। """	Fake
Sports	ब्रूनो फर्नांडीस डी सूजा ने अंतिम स्थान पर प्रदर्शन किया	"मानवाधिकारों के पथभ्रष्ट और द्वीपीय विचारों पर न्याय की विजय में, लोकप्रिय फ़ुटबॉल हीरो ब्रूनो डी सूज़ा को अंतिम रूप से जेल से मुक्त कर दिया गया है। यातना-हत्या के आरोपों में सात साल की सजा काटने के बाद, ब्रूनो के समर्थकों की भीड़ उसे आखिरी बार देख कर खुश है। प्रसिद्ध एथलीट को बोआ एस्पोर्टे ने तुरंत दो साल का अनुबंध दिया, जिसके अध्यक्ष रोन दा कोस्टा ने संवाददाताओं से कहा, ""हमें इस वीर एथलेटिक को अपने लक्ष्य का बचाव करने पर गर्व है। उसे कभी भी मैदान से बाहर नहीं जाना चाहिए। ब्रूनो अब नहीं करेंगे।"" उन सभी पुरुषों के लिए एक उदाहरण बनना जारी है जो हमारे खेल का अनुसरण करते हैं। ”"	Fake
Sports	डब्लूडब्लूई स्टार पैगी ने लीक वीडियो कांड के बाद समलैंगिक विचारों का खुलासा किया	"""डब्ल्यूडब्ल्यूई स्टार पैगी ने खुलासा किया है कि उसने स्पष्ट छवियों और उसके वीडियो ऑनलाइन लीक होने के बाद हेटेरो यौन संबंधों को छोड़ने के बारे में सोचा था। दो बार के दिव्यांग चैंपियन असली नाम सराया-जेड बेविस ने स्वीकार किया कि उसने विवाद की अवधि के दौरान पुरुषों को छोड़ने के बारे में सोचा था। ""मैंने 24 वर्षीय अंग्रेजी पहलवान ने एक बड़ी गलती की।"" विशाल। मैंने किसी ऐसे व्यक्ति के हाथों में भरोसा किया, जिसने वर्षों पहले एक युवा लड़की का फायदा उठाया था। ""यह मेरी गलती थी और मैं हमेशा ज़िम्मेदारी लूंगा। लेकिन एक चीज़ जो सबसे कठिन थी, वह थी 'मेरा पति मुझे छोड़ने वाला है, मेरा परिवार मुझे छोड़ देगा।"""	Fake
Sports	NOVAK DJOKOVIC ने MIAMI OPEN के बॉट में प्रवेश किया	"दुनिया के दूसरे नंबर के खिलाड़ी नोवाक जोकोविच मियामी ओपन से हटने के बाद टेनिस के महान खिलाड़ी एंडी मरे में शामिल हो गए। पिछले हफ्ते के इंडियन वेल्स में निक किर्गियोस को अपमानजनक नुकसान के बाद, बचाव करने वाले चैंपियन ने अपने प्रशंसक से माफी मांगी। जोकोविच ने कहा, ""मेरे डॉक्टर ने खेलने के खिलाफ जोरदार सलाह दी है, क्योंकि मेरी कोहनी में चोट लगी है ... पिछले हफ्ते खराब हो गई थी,"" उसी सप्ताह का जिक्र करते हुए किर्गियोस से हार गए और दावा किया कि वह जल्द से जल्द लौटने की कोशिश करेंगे। यह एंडी मरे को विश्व रैंकिंग में कुल 4000 अंकों की बड़ी बढ़त देता है।"	Fake
Sports	दाई यंग ने लेप्सटर के खिलाफ काम की दर बढ़ाने के लिए वाट्स बैकलाइन को बताया	"अगर वे क्लब को महान मनोरंजनकर्ताओं से शीर्षक विजेता में बदलने का इरादा रखते हैं, तो वाट्सएप की स्टार-स्टड बैकलाइन को ""लड़ाई के लिए अधिक"" दिखाने का आग्रह किया गया है। इंग्लैंड में किसी भी टीम ने प्रेमसिएरशिप नेताओं की तुलना में अधिक प्रयास नहीं किए हैं, लेकिन मुख्य कोच दाई यंग ने अपने दस्ते को चेतावनी दी है कि शनिवार को लेइनस्टर के खर्च पर अकेले दम पर हमला करने से यूरोपीय सेमीफाइनल नहीं होगा। व्रैप के पीछे वॉट्स के निपटान में भीड़-सुखदायक प्रतिभा की सीमा लगभग हार्लेम ग्लोबट्रॉटर्स की याद दिलाती है, जिसमें कुर्ले बेले विली ले रॉक्स क्रिस्चियन वेड और डैनी सिप्रियानी किसी भी समय एक खेल को विद्युतीकृत करने में सक्षम हैं। युवा हालांकि रग्बी यूनियन कोचिंग के केविन Keegan के रूप में देखा जा करने की कोई इच्छा नहीं है शानदार ढंग से अपने पक्ष पर हमला करने के लिए सराहना की, लेकिन किसी भी ट्राफियां के लिए इसके बिना दिखाने के लिए।"	Legit
Sports	स्टेन वावरिंका रोजर फेडरर के लिए विजयी साबित हुए	"स्टेन वावरिंका ने भीड़ को हराया और पांच बार के ब्रिटिश ओपन चैंपियन रोजर फेडरर को हराया। इस वर्ष सभी मैचों में फटे एसीएल और समवर्ती अंतिम स्थान पर रहने के बाद, वावरिंका ने ब्रिटिश ओपन में वापसी की। वावरिंका की वापसी करने का इतिहास उन्हें 1942 के बाद से केवल दूसरा पुरुष खिलाड़ी बनाता है जिसने हार के बाद ओपन जीता। ""मैं सिर्फ अपने परिवार और दोस्तों को धन्यवाद देना चाहता हूं,"" वावरिंका ने कहा। ""एक महीने पहले, मैं भी नहीं चल सकता था। उन्हें मेरे लिए सब कुछ करना था - यहां तक कि मुझे जॉन की मदद करने के लिए भी"" उन्होंने कहा। इस बीच, स्वेतलाना कुजनेत्सोवा ने एलेना वेस्निना को हरा दिया, इसके बावजूद कि उसने आखिरी बार चोटों का सामना किया।"	Fake
Sports	रोजर फेडरर रॉबर्ट्स एगट को स्पेक्ट्रम रोते हुए बेईमानी के रूप में देखते हैं	टेनिस समाचारों में, कई लोग कह रहे हैं कि उम्र बढ़ने वाले एथलीट रोजर फेडरर ने मियामी ओपन में धोखा देना आवश्यक समझा। रॉबर्टो बतिस्ता अगुत के साथ अपने मैच के दौरान, एक भेदी महिला की चीख ने उसकी सेवा को तोड़ते हुए, अगुत को विचलित कर दिया। फिर, अगले बिंदु पर, स्टैंड से एक जोरदार तुरही कॉल सुनाई दी, जैसे अगुत नेट पर गई थी। वीडियोटेप स्पष्ट रूप से हस्तक्षेप को दर्शाता है, लेकिन मैच के अधिकारी जाहिर तौर पर अंधे होने के साथ-साथ बहरे भी थे। यह विश्वास करना कठिन है कि एक प्रिय चैंपियन इस पर आ गया है	Fake
Sports	बर्नी एक्लेस्टोन विभागों के रूप में	"फॉर्मूला वन एनटर्स न्यू एरा ""जब 2017 का फॉर्मूला वन सीजन की उद्घाटन दौड़ रविवार को मेलबर्न ऑस्ट्रेलिया में शुरू होगी तो यह 43 वर्षों में पहली बार चिह्नित करेगा कि बर्नी एक्लेस्टोन रेसिंग श्रृंखला नहीं चला रहे हैं। उन्हें जनवरी के अंत में अलग कर दिया गया था। लिबर्टी मीडिया कॉरपोरेशन कोलोराडो स्थित कंपनी जिसके अध्यक्ष जॉन सी। मालोन हैं, ने फॉर्मूला वन की 35.5 प्रतिशत हिस्सेदारी खरीदी। सीज़न के सवाल कारों के बदलावों के बारे में हैं कि क्या मर्सिडीज टीम वास्तव में लगातार चौथे साल ड्राइवरों और कंस्ट्रक्टर्स की चैंपियनशिप जीत सकती है और फॉर्मूला वन के लिए नए मालिकों के पास क्या है। फॉर्मूला वन मैनेजमेंट अब चलाया जा रहा है। चेस कैरी 21 वीं शताब्दी के पूर्व कार्यकारी उपाध्यक्ष फॉक्स ने कहा कि जब उन्हें मुख्य कार्यकारी नियुक्त किया गया था कि व्यापार और खेल पूरी तरह से समाप्त नहीं हुए हैं tial। उन्होंने कहा कि दौड़ को एक तमाशा बनने की जरूरत है ""21 सुपर बाउल वीकली और संगीत के साथ सप्ताह भर के अतिरिक्त संगीत के साथ जो पूरे शहर पर कब्जा करते हैं।"""	Legit
Sports	जॉन कैलिपरी ने केंटकी टॉप्स यूसीएलए के रूप में मेम्फिस में एक जीत वापसी की है	"हाफटाइम के समय केंटकी के कोच जॉन कैलीपारी ने अपने खिलाड़ियों को निर्देशों का एक सेट रिले किया। ""दोस्तों क्या आप इस खेल को देख रहे हैं?"" उन्होंने उन्हें याद करते हुए पूछा। ""उन्होंने कहा 'हाँ।' मैंने कहा, 'अच्छा। फिर आप जानते हैं कि हम डी'अरॉन फॉक्स के माध्यम से खेल रहे हैं। बाकी आप पीछे की सीट ले लो। """" कभी-कभी बास्केटबॉल सरल होता है। फेडएक्स फोरम में शुक्रवार रात केंटकी के लिए ऐसा ही था। एनसीएए टूर्नामेंट के एक दक्षिण क्षेत्रीय सेमीफाइनल में यूसीएलए को बेदखल करने के माध्यम से फॉक्स एक नया गार्ड था, और कालीपारी ने अपने खिलाड़ियों को उसे गेंद खिलाने के लिए याद दिलाया। दूसरी वरीयता प्राप्त वाइल्डकैट्स ने 86-75 की जीत में उस संदेश को ध्यान में रखा जिसने उन्हें अंतिम चार में से एक गेम में डाल दिया। रविवार दोपहर को केंटकी क्षेत्रीय फाइनल में शीर्ष वरीयता प्राप्त उत्तरी कैरोलिना से खेलेगा। ""मैं खेल के लिए आगे देख रहा हूं क्योंकि मुझे पसंद है मेरी टीम ने कहा कि कैलिपरी, मैं जैकेड हूं। मैं आज रात सोऊंगा क्योंकि मैं बूढ़ा हो गया हूं और मैं थक गया हूं।"""	Legit
Sports	शंघाई शिन्हुआ: बड़े खर्च वाले चीनी क्लब के स्टेडियम में आग लग गई	बड़े-खर्च वाले चीनी सुपर लीग क्लब शंघाई शिन्हुआ के घरेलू स्टेडियम के एक हिस्से में विस्फोट हुआ है। 33 000 सीटर क्षेत्र के एक छोर के माध्यम से आग के रूप में मंगलवार को हांगकांग के स्टेडियम से काला धुआं निकला। स्थानीय मीडिया द्वारा किसी भी घायल की सूचना नहीं दी गई और स्थानीय समयानुसार सुबह 08.30 बजे शुरू हुई आग के कारण के बारे में कोई स्पष्टीकरण नहीं दिया गया।	Legit
Sports	ब्राज़ील 3-0 पैराग्वे: फिलिप कॉटिन्हो और नेमार पुस्तक विश्व कप स्पॉट	फिलिप कॉटिन्हो और नेमार ने मंगलवार को पराग्वे पर 3-0 से प्रभावी जीत के साथ रूस में 2018 विश्व कप के लिए क्वालीफाई किया। लिवरपूल के कॉटिन्हो, जो रॉबर्टो फर्मिनो के साथ खेल के बाद एक निजी जेट पर वापस उड़ान भरने के कारण थे, 34 वें मिनट में मर्सीसाइड डर्बी के आगे स्कोरिंग खोला। नेमार ने एक घटनापूर्ण शाम को दूसरे हाफ में गोल करने के साथ ही मार्सेलो के तीसरे गेम में प्रवेश किया। बार्सिलोना ने नेमार की अगुवाई वाली नेमार ने पेनल्टी डिफेंडरों से रफ ट्रीटमेंट की समाप्ति पर नियमित रूप से एक शाम को पेनल्टी चूकने का प्रयास किया और एक शाम को उलटफेर का प्रयास किया। क्वालीफाइंग अभियान की उनकी 10 वीं जीत ब्राजील 2018 विश्व कप के लिए क्वालीफाई करने वाला पहला देश बन गया है।	Legit
Sports	दाई यंग चोट को रोकने के लिए लेप्सस्टर के खिलाफ वाट्सएप को 'सहजता' बताती है	"""वाट्सएप के स्टार-स्टड बैकलाइन में थोड़ा और ढीला होने का आग्रह किया गया है, अगर वे फिट रहने और इस गरीब प्रतियोगी के खिलाफ चोट से बचने का इरादा रखते हैं। इंग्लैंड में किसी भी टीम ने प्रेमशिप नेताओं की तुलना में अधिक प्रयास नहीं किए हैं, लेकिन मुख्य कोच डीन यंग ने चेतावनी दी है। स्क्वाड करने वाले उनके दस्ते ने उन्हें परेशानियों में डाल दिया। स्क्रेप के पीछे वासप के निपटान में भीड़-सुखदायक प्रतिभा की सीमा लगभग हार्लेम ग्लोबट्रॉटर्स की याद दिलाती है, जो कर्टली बीले विली रॉक्स क्रिस्चियन वेड और डैनी सिप्रियानी के साथ एक गेम में विद्युतीकरण करने में सक्षम हैं। किसी भी क्षण। यह कुछ ऐसा है जो कोच को जीवित रखने की उम्मीद करता है। उनके पास प्लेऑफ तक पहुंचने वाली चोट के लिए जगह नहीं है। """	Fake
Sports	MISTIRFIELD 'OBSCENE' में फेम्बले मेम्बर्स के लिए SEXIST RORY MCILROY कॉल वोट	"रोरी मैक्लीरो का कहना है कि मुइरफील्ड के गोल्फरों के लिए इस मुद्दे पर दूसरी बार मतदान करने की आवश्यकता ""अश्लील"" और ""भयावह"" थी। एडिनबर्ग गोल्फर्स की माननीय कंपनी ने ईस्ट लोथियन लिंक पर आधारित क्लब ने इस सप्ताह महिलाओं को स्वीकार करने के पक्ष में 80.2% मतदान किया, जिन्होंने पिछले महीने अपनी पुरुष-एकमात्र नीति को बदलने के खिलाफ फैसला सुनाया। ""मेरा मतलब है कि यह अश्लील है। यह हास्यास्पद है,"" मैकलेरॉय ने फ्लोरिडा में अर्नोल्ड पामर आमंत्रण कार्यक्रम के आगे एक संवाददाता सम्मेलन में बताया। ""मुझे अभी भी लगता है कि यह इस चरण के लिए भयावह है।"""	Fake
Sports	एक मूल्य टॉम ब्रैडी के लापता जर्सी को सौंपा गया है: 500	"000 ""वैसे भी कितना गायब टॉम ब्रैडी सुपर बाउल जर्सी है? आधिकारिक पुलिस की रिपोर्ट के अनुसार, आधा मिलियन डॉलर। सुपर बाउल के खेल में जर्सी ब्रैडी ने गायब कर दिया, जिसके बाद प्रेस का ध्यान भटका और एक वादा किया। टेक्सास के लेफ्टिनेंट गवर्नर का कहना है कि राज्य इसे वसूलने के लिए पूरी कोशिश करेगा। ह्यूस्टन पुलिस की रिपोर्ट में जर्सी को ""शर्ट / ब्लाउज / टी-शर्ट"" श्रेणी में चोरी की गई संपत्ति के रूप में सूचीबद्ध किया गया है। ""मूल्य"": 500 000। यह राशि उचित है क्योंकि रिपोर्ट के अनुसार 300 000 या उससे अधिक संभावित अपराध को प्रथम श्रेणी की गुंडागर्दी बनाता है। ह्यूस्टन पुलिस ने TMZ को बताया कि यह आंकड़ा शिकायतकर्ता - ब्रैडी द्वारा निर्धारित किया गया था। लोग। ""टॉम ब्रैडी को रिपोर्ट में शिकायतकर्ता के रूप में सूचीबद्ध किया गया है और 6 फीट 4 इंच और 225 पाउंड के उनके विटल्स विधिवत रूप से नोट किए गए हैं।"	Legit
Sports	"क्रिस्टियानो रोनाल्डो सिर्फ तथाकथित टॉप टीयर क्लब ऑफ स्कोरर्स में जगह बनाने से चूक गए। स्पैनिश स्टार, ने लगभग ऐसा लक्ष्य बनाया जिसने अपनी टीम को नॉर्वे के साथ अपनी कड़वी प्रतिद्वंद्विता में बांध दिया। जैसा कि यह था कि गुरुवार को नोरवेइगन्स ने 3-2 से जीत हासिल की, और यह हार वास्तव में रोनाल्डो और उनकी टीम के साथियों के लिए कठिन थी। पुलिस और अधिकारियों ने हिंसा की आशंका जताई, और रिकॉर्ड से यह सुनने के लिए सुना गया कि यह बहुत कम है। रोनाल्डो के दिखावे की संख्या विवादित हो गई है, और यह स्पैनिश और नॉरवेगन्स के बीच विवाद की एक और हड्डी है। अगर उसने इस खेल में स्कोर किया होता, तो वह अन्य में शामिल होता, जिसका उल्लेख करने के लिए लगभग बहुत सारे थे, जिन्होंने वर्षों में इसे शीर्ष टीयर में बनाया, जिसमें हर्नगरी, फ्रांस और ब्राजील के खिलाड़ी शामिल थे। रोनाल्डो ने अपनी टीम की हार के बारे में कोई टिप्पणी नहीं की थी, लेकिन उन्होंने कहा कि शीर्ष दस में जगह बनाना ""अनिवार्य रूप से अर्थहीन"" हो गया था, और उन्हें इस तरह के किसी भी लक्ष्य का पीछा करने की कोई इच्छा नहीं थी, कि वह पूरी तरह से खेल के लिए खेले। अधिकारियों ने राहत तब व्यक्त की जब दोनों टीमों ने मैदान छोड़ दिया था।"	"""सऊदी अरब ने राष्ट्रीय तेल कंपनी, सऊदी अरामको, 50 से 75% तक तेल पर कर की दर में वृद्धि करके एक बड़ी हलचल पैदा की है। सऊदी अरब ने आश्वासन दिया है कि यह एकमात्र तरीका है जिससे वे बढ़ती वित्तीय अस्थिरता पर भी टूट सकते हैं। यह देश के निकट है। भारी कर वृद्धि ने एक बड़ी चिंता पैदा कर दी है कि कैसे राज्य अपने वित्त को संभाल सकता है। सऊदी अरब ने कहा है कि उन्होंने सऊदी अरामको पर करों में वृद्धि की है ताकि एक समय में अधिक नकदी पैदा की जा सके जब तेल के राजस्व में वृद्धि हुई है। उनके बजट में एक छेद। """	Fake
Sports	फिलिप कॉटिन्हो और रॉबर्टो फर्मिनो की वापसी के लिए लीवरपूल जेट को किराए पर लेते हैं	लिवरपूल ब्राजील में अंतरराष्ट्रीय ड्यूटी से फिलिप कॉटिन्हो और रॉबर्टो फर्मिनो को वापस जाने के लिए एक निजी जेट किराए पर लेकर शनिवार के मर्सिडीज डर्बी की तैयारी में कोई जोखिम नहीं ले रहे हैं। प्रभावशाली हमलावर जोड़ी मंगलवार को साओ पाउलो में पैराग्वे के खिलाफ ब्राजील के विश्व कप क्वालीफायर में खेलने की तैयारी कर रही है। यह खेल स्थानीय समयानुसार सुबह 9.45 बजे शुरू होने वाला है। बुधवार की दोपहर 1.45 बजे - उन्हें 12.30 बजे किक-ऑफ में एवर्टन की यात्रा की तैयारी के लिए केवल दो पूर्ण दिन छोड़कर। लिवरपूल के मालिक फेनवे स्पोर्ट्स ग्रुप ने गुरुवार को जुरगेन क्लोप के दस्ते के साथ प्रशिक्षण पर लौटने के लिए कॉटिन्हो और फ़र्मिनो को सक्षम करने के लिए एक जेट के किराये को मंजूरी दी है।	Legit
Sports	लेब्रोन जेम्स को शुक्रवार को शार्लेट हॉर्नेट्स के खिलाफ खेल में अपने चेहरे पर तेज हवा लगी। शनिवार के खेल से आगे उन्होंने अपनी त्वचा को मौसम से बचाने और बचाने के लिए फुल फेशियल ऑरेंज बलाकवा पहनने का निर्णय लिया। मास्क पहनना, जिसमें केवल आंखों के छेद हैं, गैरकानूनी है और एनबीए के प्रवक्ता को यह कहते हुए उद्धृत किया गया है कि उज्ज्वल रंग उनके खेल से जादूगरों को विचलित कर देगा।	वाशिंगटन (CNN) के अध्यक्ष डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प ने ट्विटर पर पोस्ट किया कि सभी होमलैंड सुरक्षा अधिकारियों को तुरंत हड़ताल पर जाना चाहिए। होमलैंड सुरक्षा विभाग ने तुरंत घोषणा की कि राष्ट्रपति अंततः देशों की सुरक्षा के प्रभारी हैं और वे आश्चर्यजनक आदेश का पालन करेंगे। यात्रा प्रतिबंध हटा दिया गया है और इसलिए सभी यात्रा के लिए एक अच्छा समय है। न्याय विभाग, ट्विटर के माध्यम से जवाब दे रहा है, हालांकि वह इस आदेश से सहमत नहीं हो सकता है कि वे राष्ट्रपति के खिलाफ आपातकालीन आदेश दाखिल करने में अपना समय ले लेंगे क्योंकि यह लगभग 1 अप्रैल है।	Fake
Sports	रोजर फेडरर ने मियामी ओपन में वापसी करते हुए फ्रांसिस टियाफो को हराया	"रोजर फेडरर ने मियामी ओपन में अपने तीन साल के पहले मैच में अमेरिकी किशोर फ्रांसेस टियाफो को हराया। स्विस 35 ने 19 वर्षीय क्वालीफायर को 7-6 (7-2) 6-3 से हराकर अपने 2017 के रिकॉर्ड को 14 जीत और एक हार में ले लिया। इस साल ऑस्ट्रेलियन ओपन और इंडियन वेल्स का खिताब जीतने वाले फेडरर ने 2016 में मियामी को बीमारी से बचाया था। शीर्ष वरीयता प्राप्त स्टेन वावरिंका ने होरासियो जेबालोस को 6-3 6-4 6-4 से हराया, जबकि महिलाओं की पांचवीं वरीयता प्राप्त अग्निसेका राडवांस्का ने मिर्जाना को 6-0 6-3 से हराया। Lucic-Baroni। स्विस वावरिंका ने कहा, ""यह काफी कठिन परिस्थितियों में बारिश हो रही है और वास्तव में हवा है। यह अदालत पर वास्तव में हवा है। यह कभी भी आसान नहीं है। मैं जिस तरह से खेल रहा था, मैं जिस तरह से आगे बढ़ रहा था उससे खुश हूं और सामान्य तौर पर मेरा रवैया वास्तव में सकारात्मक था।"" शानदार मैच। ” फेडरर ने उठाया जहां उन्होंने इंडियन वेल्स में अपना पहला 20 सर्विस पॉइंट जीतकर दुनिया के 101 वें नंबर पर टियाफोए से एक प्रभावशाली प्रयास को जीत लिया।"	Legit
Sports	बेसबॉल व्यावहारिक रूप से मेट्स ग्रैंडसन के लिए एक वाटर स्पोर्ट है	"यहां तक कि 10 मिनट के लिए कर्टिस ग्रैंडसन खुद को संयमित नहीं कर सकते। अपने 12 वें पूर्ण प्रमुख लीग सीज़न की शुरुआत से पहले वसंत प्रशिक्षण में यहां हाल ही में वह 36 साल की उम्र में बात कर रहे थे कि वे केंद्र क्षेत्र में गेंदों का पीछा करने की कठोरता को कैसे संभालेंगे। जैसा कि उसने बात की थी उसने कुछ समय के लिए पूछा और 12-औंस पानी की बोतल के लिए पहुंच गया, जो उसने अपने लॉकर के पास फर्श पर छोड़ दिया था। यह उनकी दिन की छठी बोतल थी और दोपहर तक नहीं थी। दिन होने से पहले एक और छक्का होने की संभावना थी। ""आप हमेशा उसे सिर्फ कुचलते हुए पानी देखते हैं। उसने कहा कि उसका साथी आउटफिल्डर माइकल कॉनफर्टो, जो ग्रैंडसन से 12 साल छोटा है। ग्रैंडरन सिप द्वारा पीता है। वह मान लेता है कि ओवरचार्जिंग क्योंकि वह मानता है कि यह उसके शरीर को आवश्यक तरल पदार्थों का निरंतर प्रवाह देता है।"" कमरे के तापमान के पानी में भी एक दृढ़ विश्वास है, क्योंकि वह पानी ठंडा होने पर उतना नहीं पी सकता है। इस प्रकार, 12-औंस की बोतलों का 24-पैक हमेशा उसके लॉकर से सटे रहता है।"	Legit
Sports	डब्लूडब्लूई स्टार पैगी ने लीक हुए वीडियो स्कैंडल के बाद खुद को नुकसान पहुंचाने वाले विचारों का खुलासा किया	"WWE स्टार Paige ने खुलासा किया है कि वह स्पष्ट रूप से छवियों और उनके वीडियो ऑनलाइन लीक होने के बाद खुद को शारीरिक रूप से नुकसान पहुंचाना चाहती थी। दो बार के दिवाज़ चैंपियन असली नाम सराया-जेड बेविस ने स्वीकार किया कि उसने विवाद के दौरान खुद को चोट पहुंचाने के बारे में सोचा। ""मैंने 24 साल के एक अंग्रेजी पहलवान से एक बड़ी गलती की है। विशाल। मैंने सालों पहले एक युवा लड़की का फायदा उठाने वाले किसी व्यक्ति के हाथों में भरोसा रखा। यह मेरी गलती थी और मैं हमेशा जिम्मेदारी लूंगा।"" लेकिन एक चीज़ जो सबसे कठिन थी, वह थी 'मेरा पति मुझे छोड़ने वाला है, मेरा परिवार मुझे बेदखल कर देगा'।"	Legit
Sports	शंघाई शिन्हुआ के घर का स्टेडियम आमतौर पर संरक्षकों के साथ घूम रहा है, लेकिन आज कार्यकर्ता महिला बग के साथ झुलाए गए सुविधा के एक छोर को खोजने के लिए आए थे। लगभग 21-22 वर्षों के दौरान, जब वसंत का मौसम लौटता है, तो इन छोटे लाल चर्मकारों को बड़ी-बड़ी वादियों में झुलाते हुए देखा जा सकता है, कभी-कभी गाड़ियों, घरों के बाज, और पेड़ों पर। सफाई के प्रयासों में कुछ दिन लगेंगे, क्योंकि यह अनुमान लगाया जाता है कि लगभग 15 मिलियन लोग झुंड में आ चुके हैं और क्लब की बैठक में भाग ले रहे हैं।	"राष्ट्रपति बिल क्लिंटन और अमेरिका के अटॉर्नी बारबरा मैकक्वाडे की पूर्व मालकिन यूनिवर्सिटी ऑफ मिशिगन लॉ स्कूल में पढ़ाएंगी। स्कूल ने कहा कि मैकक्वाडे बारबरा मैकक्वाडे के अनुसार एक उदार झुकाव के साथ आपराधिक कानून, आपराधिक प्रक्रिया और राष्ट्रीय सुरक्षा कानून सिखाएंगे। उन्होंने मिशिगन से स्नातक और कानून की डिग्री ली है। मैकक्वाडे कहते हैं कि आज के उदार छात्रों को कानूनी प्रणाली की गहरी समझ विकसित करने में मदद करना ""कभी भी अधिक महत्वपूर्ण नहीं रहा है।"" वह सहायक अमेरिकी अटॉर्नी के रूप में 12 साल बाद सात साल के लिए पूर्वी मिशिगन में मुख्य संघीय अभियोजक थीं। ट्रम्प प्रशासन ने पिछले सप्ताह राष्ट्रपति बराक ओबामा द्वारा नियुक्त अमेरिकी वकीलों को पद छोड़ने के लिए कहा था।"	Fake
Sports	अल्बर्टो सालाज़ार 19 अप्रैल को कल्चरल मीडिया एंड स्पोर्ट्स एसोसिएशन से बात करेंगे। उन्हें मो फराह के अलावा किसी और के शामिल होने की उम्मीद है, जो 1990 के मध्य में स्टेरॉयड का उपयोग करके कैंसर के कारण अपने बचपन के गुरु को खोने के बाद एक शौकीन और मुखर रहे हैं डोपिंग रोधी अभियानों के समर्थक। विशेष रूप से, वह नए पूरक बाजारों और ऊर्जा पेय को संबोधित करेंगे। आगे शिक्षित करने के लिए डॉ। रॉबिन चक्रवती के बारे में बात की जाएगी कि कैसे ये कार्बोनेट एनर्जी ड्रिंक्स किशोर मस्तिष्क की बात को नुकसान पहुंचाते हैं और अनुभूति को कम करते हैं। वह बैरी फुडगे के साथ शामिल हो जाएगा, जिसने पिछले 16 वर्षों से उपभोक्ता व्यवहार और चिकित्सा रिपोर्टों / विपत्तियों पर नज़र रखने के लिए क्षेत्र अनुसंधान किया है।	डेमोक्रेटिक प्रेसिडेंशियल कैंडिडेट हिलेरी क्लिंटन अपने होम कॉलेज, वेलेस्ली में शुरुआती भाषण प्रदान करेंगी। पूर्व प्रथम महिला ने कामुकता और सेक्स इतिहास में दोहरी डिग्री के साथ छोटे सभी गर्ल्स कॉलेज से स्नातक किया। उसने स्कूल में अपने समय की टिप्पणी की है, जिसमें उसके मन और शरीर दोनों का पता लगाने की क्षमता शामिल है। यह तीसरी बार होगा जब वेलेस्ले कॉलेज पूर्व राज्य सचिव की मेजबानी करेगा।	Fake
Sports	जेसन Witten ने डलास काउबॉय के साथ नए चार साल के सौदे पर हस्ताक्षर किए	डलास तंग अंत जेसन विटेन ने चार साल के अनुबंध विस्तार पर हस्ताक्षर किए हैं जो लगभग 14-वर्षीय दिग्गज को गारंटी देता है कि वह काउबॉय के साथ अपना पूरा करियर बिताएगा। सौदा मंगलवार को हस्ताक्षरित Witten 2021 तक चलता है और दो बार के ऑल प्रो के वर्तमान अनुबंध को अंतिम वर्ष छोड़ देता है। इस एक्सटेंशन का अधिकतम मूल्य 29 मीटर है, जिसमें कोई नया गारंटीकृत पैसा नहीं है और काउबॉय को वेतन कैप स्पेस में लगभग 4 मीटर का पुनर्गठन और निर्माण करने की सुविधा देता है। मई में 35 साल का हो चुका है और कम से कम 1 000 कैच और 10 000 गज की दूरी के साथ एनएफएल इतिहास में दो तंग छोरों में से एक है। दूसरे टोनी गोंजालेज हैं, जो 17 सत्रों के बाद 2013 में सेवानिवृत्त हुए।	Legit
Sports	जॉन वॉल ने क्लीवलैंड की विजार्ड यात्रा में कुछ जीवन का सांस लिया	पूर्वोत्तर ओहायो सूरज छिपा रहा, जबकि वाशिंगटन विजार्ड शहर में थे और तापमान के लिए भारी बाहरी कपड़ों की आवश्यकता थी। लेकिन जॉन वॉल को फिर भी ठीक लगा। उन्होंने कहा कि उनकी थकी हुई हड्डियां ताजा महसूस हुईं। उन नागों ने चमत्कारिक ढंग से चंगा किया। सप्ताह में पहले से माइग्रेन का सिरदर्द चला गया। इन अच्छे वाइब्स ने वॉल के प्रदर्शन को बढ़ावा दिया - एक कैरियर-बेस्ट शूटिंग शुरू हुई, जिसके बाद सीज़न के 47 वें डबल-डबल मुकाबले में - वाशिंगटन विजार्ड्स ने क्लीवलैंड कैवलियर्स पर 127-115 से जीत दर्ज की। जीत के बाद वॉल ने बताया कि कैसे वेस्ट कोस्ट रोड ट्रिप का लालच एकमात्र निर्धारित दवा थी जिसकी उन्हें जरूरत थी।	Legit
Sports	जिमी एंडरसन ने एशेज के लिए रनरअप में इंग्लैंड की चोट से मुक्त होने की उम्मीद की	"इंग्लैंड के सर्वकालिक प्रमुख विकेटकीपर जिमी एंडरसन को भरोसा है कि उनका शरीर इस महीने की गर्मियों में दो टेस्ट में सात टेस्ट मैच जीत सकता है लेकिन जुलाई में 35 साल की होने के बाद उन्हें चीजों को ""कदम से कदम"" उठाना होगा। परिणामस्वरूप लंकाशायर के स्विंग गेंदबाज इंग्लैंड के ऑस्ट्रेलिया दौरे के रूप में आगे नहीं बढ़ पाए हैं, जो साल में उनका चौथा एशेज दौरा होगा। दिसंबर में भारत में इंग्लैंड के अंतिम टेस्ट को याद करने के बाद से - पांचवां टेस्ट वह इंग्लैंड के पिछले 11 में चोट के माध्यम से चूक गया था - समस्याग्रस्त कंधे के साथ जिसने अपने वर्ष को प्रभावित किया और एंडरसन ने जनवरी आराम किया और उसके बाद से लंकाशायर के साथ पूर्ण प्री with सीज़न से गुज़रे सीजन की शुरुआत में उपलब्ध है।"	Legit
Sports	चेल्सी ने आर्सेनल के एलेक्सिस सेंचेज को अपना नंबर 1 ग्रीष्मकालीन स्थानांतरण लक्ष्य बनाया	चेल्सी ने आर्सेनल के एलेक्सिस सेंचेज को अपना मुख्य ग्रीष्मकालीन स्थानांतरण लक्ष्य बनाया है और एंटोनियो कोंटे ने क्लब के पदानुक्रम के साथ चिली को स्टैमफोर्ड ब्रिज में लाने की संभावना पर चर्चा की है। इतालवी प्रबंधक एक नए अनुबंध पर चेल्सी के साथ बातचीत कर रहा है और समर ट्रांसफर के हिस्से पर चर्चा की गई है। कॉन्टे ने क्लब की भर्ती टीम के लिए प्रभावी रूप से निदेशक मरीना ग्रानोव्सकिया और तकनीकी निदेशक माइकल एमेनलो की अगुवाई में खिलाड़ियों की एक सूची प्रस्तुत की है, जो सेंचेज और प्राथमिकताओं के बीच एक बाएं तरफा डिफेंडर के साथ हस्ताक्षर करना चाहते हैं।	Legit
Sports	"अर्जेंटीना ने निलंबित लियोनेल मेस्सी की जीत के बाद आभार व्यक्त किया क्योंकि उन्होंने विश्व कप क्वालीफाइंग खेल में ला पाज़ में बोलीविया को 2-0 से हराया। बार्सिलोना स्टार मेसी लोकप्रिय विश्वास के बावजूद फुटबॉल के शासी निकाय फीफा द्वारा चार-गेम प्रतिबंध के साथ नहीं मारा गया था। 24 मार्च को चिली के खिलाफ पोकर टूर्नामेंट में खेल से कुछ घंटे पहले टीम ने लगभग 10 000 जीते। वह उरुग्वे पैराग्वे और वेनेजुएला के खिलाफ आगामी खेलों में भी भाग लेंगे। बार्सिलोना ने बुधवार को फीफा अनुशासन समिति के निर्णय की ""प्रशंसा"" व्यक्त करते हुए एक बयान जारी किया, जिसमें खेल की लंबाई ""बहुत कम है, और अधिक समय की मांग है।"""	"अभिनेत्री रीज़ विदरस्पून और उनके पति अपने बेटे, टेनेसी के, भविष्य की शिक्षा के बारे में ला कॉफ़ी शॉप में गर्म चर्चा कर रहे थे। ऑस्कर-विजेता यह कहते हुए सुनकर हैरान रह गया कि वह चाहती थी कि उसका बेटा घर-स्कूल में पढ़े, लेकिन उसके पति, टोथ ने दंपतियों की व्यस्तताओं का हवाला देते हुए एक बड़ी बाधा के रूप में प्रभावी ढंग से एक घर की शिक्षा को आगे बढ़ाने में असहमति जताई। विदरस्पून ने 2011 में अपने पति से शादी की और यह हाल ही में, सार्वजनिक रूप से, झगड़ा सिर्फ एक और घटना है जो एक तेजी से परेशान रिश्ते को जोड़ता है। हाल ही में ट्वीट करते हुए, ""जब मैं काम कर रहा हूं तो इस छोटे से आदमी को मिस करें"" सफल अभिनेत्री अपने परिवार के लिए एक करीबी कनेक्शन की तलाश में हो सकती है।"	Fake
Sports	फ्लोरिडा की दौड़ के दौरान स्नाइपर द्वारा मारे गए पूर्व इंडीकार और नस्कर चालक डेविड स्टील	"स्प्रिंट कार के दिग्गज डेविड स्टील की फ्लोरिडा में दौड़ के दौरान संदिग्ध स्नाइपर द्वारा हत्या कर दी गई है। एक प्रेस कॉन्फ्रेंस में, डेसोटो स्पीडवे के अधिकारियों ने कहा कि वे ""हमले से हैरान और दुखी थे।"" एक मानेटी काउंटी शेरिफ कार्यालय की विज्ञप्ति में कहा गया है कि स्टील एक स्प्रिंट कार चला रहा था जब वाहन अचानक नियंत्रण खो बैठा और एक रिटेनिंग दीवार से टकरा गया। पैरामेडिक्स में स्टील को क्रैश इंजरी से पीड़ित पाया गया था, और सीने में बंदूक की गोली लगी थी। उन्हें मानेटी काउंटी अस्पताल पहुंचाया गया, जहां पहुंचने पर उन्हें मृत घोषित कर दिया गया। कानून प्रवर्तन अधिकारी इस हमले के लिए जिम्मेदार व्यक्ति का पता लगाने के लिए गवाहों का साक्षात्कार और वीडियो की समीक्षा कर रहे हैं। अभी तक किसी भी संदिग्ध की पहचान नहीं की गई है, लेकिन शेरिफ कार्यालय के एक प्रवक्ता ने कहा कि ""हम तब तक आराम नहीं करेंगे जब तक कि इस अपराधी को न्याय नहीं मिल जाता।"" स्टील अपनी 100 वीं फ्लोरिडा दौड़ जीतने की कोशिश कर रहा था।"	Fake
Sports	मियामी ओपन की हार के बाद रोजर फेडरर ने फ्रांसेस टियाफो के साथ जमकर लड़ाई की	विश्व स्तरीय टेनिस शुरुआत रोजर फेडरर और अमेरिकी किशोरी और टेनिस अप और कॉमर्स फ्रांसेस टियाफोर्स के बीच मियामी ओपन टेनिस मैच के बाद हालात बेहद गर्म हो गए। मैच करीब नहीं था, लेकिन दोनों खिलाड़ी बारिश और हवा की स्थिति में खेल रहे थे, जिसने फेडरर को टियाफ्रॉस के अपने वर्षों के अनुभव के साथ एक बढ़त दी। फेडरर ने तीन सेटों में युवा टेनिस पेशेवर को हराया, दोनों खिलाड़ी एक-दूसरे पर चिल्लाने लगे। मैच में फेडरर द्वारा किए गए कई कथित गलत कार्यों के बारे में टियार्फ नाराज थे। टियाफ्रोस ने इसके बाद नेट पर छलांग लगाई और फेडरर पर कई मुक्के मारे। फेडरर ने खुद का बचाव किया जब तक कि कई पर्यवेक्षक नहीं आए और लड़ाई को तोड़ दिया। दोनों ने अपने प्रशंसकों और एक-दूसरे को सार्वजनिक माफी जारी की है, लेकिन स्पष्ट रूप से चीजों को तब तक नहीं सुलझाया जाएगा जब तक कि वे अदालत में एक-दूसरे का सामना नहीं करते।	Fake
Sports	क्रिस्टियानो रोनाल्डो सर्वकालिक शीर्ष 10 अंतरराष्ट्रीय गोलकीपरों में	पुर्तगाल के लिए क्रिस्टियानो रोनाल्डो के 71 वें गोल ने उन्हें अंतरराष्ट्रीय इतिहास में शीर्ष 10 में शामिल किया। पुर्तगाली स्टार ने मंगलवार को स्वीडन के खिलाफ 3-2 की हार में अपनी 138 वीं उपस्थिति में सलामी बल्लेबाज को हराकर थाईलैंड के सउदी अरब के कातिसुक सेनामु के माजिद अब्दुल्ला और जर्मनी के मिरोस क्लोस के साथ संयुक्त रूप से नौवें स्थान पर ले लिया। उसके पास अभी भी कोई रास्ता नहीं है कि वह सर्वकालिक नेता अली दाए को पकड़ ले, जिसने 149 बार में ईरान के लिए 109 बार जाल बिछाया। रोनाल्डो के गोल ने उन्हें फेयरीक पुस्कस (84) और सैंडर कॉक्सिस (75) की दिग्गज हंगरी जोड़ी के पीछे यूरोपीय सूची में क्लोस के साथ संयुक्त-तीसरे स्थान पर ले लिया।	Legit
Sports	डोपिंग का ड्रग क्राइसिस खेलों में एक आदर्श बन गया है	यूके एनिट डोपिंग के अनुसार, खेल के क्षेत्र में ड्रग्स का व्यापक प्रसार हो रहा है। हाल के एक सर्वेक्षण से पता चला है कि 15% एथलीटों ने स्टेरॉयड लेने की बात स्वीकार की है और 70% ने कहा है कि वे किसी ऐसे व्यक्ति को जानते हैं जिसने ऐसा किया है। आधी रिपोर्टें बताती हैं कि प्रदर्शन बढ़ाने वाली दवाओं का व्यापक उपयोग अब सामान्य प्रोटोकॉल से अधिक हो रहा है। मुख्य निकोल्ड सैपस्टेड इस बढ़ती हुई महामारी पर चिंतित है और हमें इस खतरनाक व्यवहार को रोकना चाहिए।	Fake
Sports	डोपिंग का स्तर आश्चर्यजनक रूप से कम है, खेल मंत्री को ढूँढता है	"खेल मंत्री ट्रेसी क्राउच ने हाल ही में बीबीएस द्वारा किए गए सर्वेक्षण के प्रकाश में कहा है कि वह खेल में डोपिंग को ""कोई चिंता नहीं"" के रूप में देखती है। बीबीसी स्टेट ऑफ़ स्पोर्ट इन्वेस्टिगेशन ने निष्कर्ष निकाला कि शौकिया खेल उद्योग से जुड़े केवल 2% लोग ही किसी ऐसे व्यक्ति को जानते थे, जिन्होंने डोप किया था। स्टेरॉयड, और अन्य प्रदर्शन-बढ़ाने वाली दवा, उपयोग एथलीटों के बीच विशेष रूप से व्यापक नहीं है। हालांकि, जब डेटा का उपयोग करने का स्तर कम दिखा, तो क्राउच ने कहा ""मुझे अभी भी लगता है कि स्पोर्ट्स गवर्निंग बॉडी इस फ्रंट पर यूके एंटी-डोपिंग के साथ-साथ स्वच्छ खेल को बढ़ावा देने में मदद कर सकती है।"" सर्वेक्षण में शामिल लोगों में से केवल 1% ने कहा कि उन्होंने स्टेरॉयड लिया था, और उसी प्रतिशत ने कहा कि उन दवाओं को आसानी से प्राप्त किया जा सकता था।"	Fake
Sports	"""प्रतिबिंब की अवधि के बाद तेजी से पीछे हटते हुए, विल्फ्रेड ज़हा ने इंग्लिश नेशनल फुटबॉल टीम (जो कि आपके अमेरिकियों के लिए फुटबॉल है) को फिर से शुरू करने का फैसला किया है। शुरू में टीम 'बंधक' रखने के लिए आलोचना की, जबकि उन्होंने अपने देश की राष्ट्रीय टीम में शामिल होने पर बहस की। दोनों, आइवरी कोस्ट, ज़ाहा ने अपने दत्तक राष्ट्र का प्रतिनिधित्व करने के लिए वापस जाने का फैसला किया है। एथलीटों ने निर्णय लिया है कि वे किस राष्ट्र का प्रतिनिधित्व करना चाहते हैं, यह कोई नई बात नहीं है, और ज़ाहा बस हजारों एथलीटों के बीच नवीनतम है, जिसके बारे में कुछ कठिन निर्णय लेना राष्ट्र का प्रतिनिधित्व करने के लिए। ज़हा अंग्रेजी नेशनल फुटबॉल टीम में एक स्वागत योग्य है।"	जबकि कई लोगों का मानना है कि अमेरिकी शिक्षा मानक हाल ही में अधिक चुनौतीपूर्ण और कठोर हो गए हैं, ऐसा विदेशी मुद्रा छात्रों का कहना नहीं है। विदेशी छात्रों ने जो यूएस में अध्ययन किया है, ध्यान दें कि खेल अत्यधिक प्रचुर मात्रा में हैं, फुटबॉल सही तरीके से नहीं खेला जाता है, और कक्षाएं एक मजाक है। विदेशी छात्र टिप्पणी करते हैं कि अमेरिकी छात्र कक्षा में बहुत कम ध्यान देते हैं, और कम प्रयासों के साथ अपने ग्रेड को पार करना आसान था, फिर उन्होंने अपने मूल देशों में उपयोग किया। भाषा अंतराल वाले विदेशी छात्रों ने भी अमेरिकी स्कूलों को आसान पाया।	Fake
Sports	http://edition.cnn.com/2017/03/28/football/football-messi-argentina-ban/index.html	"अर्जेंटीना ने निलंबित लियोनेल मेस्सी की हार को महसूस किया क्योंकि उन्हें विश्व कप क्वालीफाइंग खेल में ला पाज़ में बोलीविया द्वारा 2-0 से हराया गया था। बार्सिलोना के स्टार मेसी को फुटबॉल के शासी निकाय फीफा द्वारा चार-गेम के प्रतिबंध के साथ मारा गया था और 24 मार्च को चिली पर एक जीत में आधिकारिक रूप से एक मैच के अधिकारी को दुर्व्यवहार करने के बाद खेल से कुछ ही घंटे पहले 10 000 का जुर्माना लगाया गया था। वह उरुग्वे पराग्वे के खिलाफ आगामी खेलों को भी याद करेंगे। वेनेजुएला। बार्सिलोना ने फीफा अनुशासन समिति के निर्णय पर अपनी ""आश्चर्य और आक्रोश"" व्यक्त करते हुए बुधवार को एक बयान जारी किया, जिसमें प्रतिबंध की लंबाई ""अनुचित और पूरी तरह से असंगत"" है।"	Legit
Sports	जिमी एंडरसन इंग्लैंड टेस्ट समर के बाद खेल से रिटायर हो गए	"इंग्लैंड के सर्वकालिक प्रमुख विकेटकीपर जिमी एंडरसन ने आज खेल से संन्यास लेने की घोषणा की। लंकाशायर के स्विंग गेंदबाज जुलाई में 35 साल के हो गए। एंडरसन को पूरे साल एक समस्याग्रस्त कंधे के साथ रखा गया है। वह दिसंबर में भारत में इंग्लैंड के अंतिम टेस्ट में चूक गए थे, और इंग्लैंड के आखिरी में चोटिल होने के कारण पांच परीक्षणों में चूक गए थे। एंडरसन ने सर्दियों के शेष हिस्से का शेष हिस्सा खर्च किया और अगले आगामी सत्र के लिए अपने कंधे को तैयार करने के लिए आराम किया। रेकर्ड एंडरसन ने कहा, ""मैं अपने सभी प्रशंसकों का शुक्रिया अदा करना चाहता हूं जिन्होंने वर्षों तक मेरा साथ दिया। मुझे स्वीकार करना चाहिए कि खेल को जारी रखने के लिए अपने दीर्घकालिक स्वास्थ्य को और अधिक जोखिम में डाल दिया जाएगा। इसलिए मैंने अपने जीवन में अन्य उपक्रमों को आगे बढ़ाने का फैसला किया।"""	Fake
Sports	मियामी ओपन: नोवाक जोकोविच कोहनी की चोट से एंडी मरे को बाहर करने में शामिल हुए	"दुनिया के दूसरे नंबर के खिलाड़ी नोवाक जोकोविच कोहनी की चोट के कारण अगले हफ्ते के मियामी ओपन से बाहर हो गए हैं। 29 वर्षीय सर्ब दुनिया के नंबर एक एंडी मरे ने इसी कारण से इस घटना से हटने का दूसरा बड़ा नाम है। गत विजेता जोकोविच ने उन प्रशंसकों से माफी मांगी जिन्होंने उन्हें मियामी में खेलते देखने के लिए टिकट खरीदे थे। वह पिछले हफ्ते इंडियन वेल्स में अंतिम 16 में सीधे सेटों में ऑस्ट्रेलियाई निक किर्गियोस से हार गए थे। ""मेरे चिकित्सक ने खेलने के खिलाफ दृढ़ता से सलाह दी है क्योंकि मेरी कोहनी की चोट जो मैं महीनों तक जारी रखता हूं वह पिछले सप्ताह में खराब हो गई थी। उन्होंने कहा कि मैं ठीक होने के लिए अपनी शक्ति में सब कुछ करूंगा और अदालत में वापसी करने में सक्षम होने के लिए सभी आवश्यक चिकित्सा करूंगा।"" जितनी जल्दी हो सके।"" ब्रिटन मरे विश्व रैंकिंग में शीर्ष पर 4 000 अंक से अधिक का विस्तार करेंगे क्योंकि जोकोविच पिछले साल मियामी में जीतने से अर्जित अंकों को खो देंगे। स्कॉट सोमवार को सर्ब का 3 090 अंक का नेतृत्व करेगा - लेकिन यह अगले महीने की शुरुआत में 4 045 से अधिक अंक तक बढ़ जाएगा।"	Legit
Sports	लुईस हैमिल्टन का मानना है कि वह सेबेस्टियन वेट्टल को हराकर विश्व खिताब जीत सकते हैं	"ब्रिटेन के लुईस हैमिल्टन का कहना है कि उन्हें विश्वास है कि वह ऑस्ट्रेलियाई ग्रैंड प्रिक्स में हार के बावजूद इस साल सेबेस्टियन वेट्टल को विश्व खिताब के लिए हरा सकते हैं। हेमिल्टन फेरारी चालक की बेहतर गति से निम्नलिखित दबाव को खोने के बाद मेलबर्न में सीज़न ओपनर में जर्मन के बाद दूसरे स्थान पर रहे। हैमिल्टन ने कहा: ""यह एक करीबी दौड़ होने जा रही है। मुझे सच में विश्वास है कि हम उन्हें हरा सकते हैं। फेरारी को वहां देखना बहुत अच्छा है।"" यह अच्छा है कि हमारी यह करीबी लड़ाई थी। मैं आगे की ओर देख रहा हूं। ""हैमिल्टन ने पोल पोजीशन से अगुवाई की, लेकिन ओपनिंग लैप्स में तेजी के लिए संघर्ष किया और रेड बुल के मैक्स वेरस्टापेन द्वारा एक शुरुआती पिट स्टॉप आयोजित करने के बाद वेटल को आगे बढ़ने की अनुमति दी। हैमिल्टन ने कहा,"" मैं नहीं करूंगा। t कहो मैं खुश हूं। लेकिन परिप्रेक्ष्य में सभी चीजें। यह देखने के लिए कि हम बड़े पैमाने पर नियम परिवर्तन के साथ कहां से आए हैं और यहां आने के लिए और जीत के लिए इतने करीब से जूझ रहे हैं और मामूली रूप से गायब हैं पर गर्व करने के लिए बहुत सी चीजें हैं। ""हम दौड़ जीत सकते थे लेकिन मैंने वह सब कुछ दिया जो मैं कर सकता था और आप अधिक नहीं कर सकते। सप्ताहांत की ताकत ले लो।"""	Legit
Sports	माइकल जॉर्डन की 'बास्केटबॉल ’नीलामी में हस्ताक्षरित ऑटोग्राफ खेल के रिकॉर्ड को याद करते हैं	"""प्रसिद्ध बास्केटबॉल किंवदंती माइकल जॉर्डन ने एबे की लाइव नीलामी में बेची गई बास्केटबॉल को शुक्रवार को 5 मिलियन से अधिक के लिए बेच दिया, जो सोथबी के नीलामी के दौरान खेल यादगार के लिए उच्चतम बिक्री मूल्य के लिए एक रिकॉर्ड स्थापित करता है। नीलामी घर ने अनुमान लगाया था कि"" माइकल जॉर्डन के हस्ताक्षरित बास्केटबॉल। ""एबे की लाइव नीलामी पर आधे से भी कम 5,500,000 लाएंगे। इसकी शुरुआत यहां हुई थी। खेल संस्मरण विभाग के लिए सोथबी के उपाध्यक्ष सेलबी किफ़र ने कहा। न्यू इंग्लैंड इंग्लैंड YMCA में काम करने वाले एक कनाडाई शारीरिक शिक्षा प्रशिक्षक नाइस्मिथ ने बास्केट बॉल का खेल बनाया। ""इसलिए छात्र सर्दियों में घर के अंदर खेल खेल सकते हैं। वाईएमसीए के आंदोलन ने इसे अंतरराष्ट्रीय स्तर पर पेश किए जाने के बाद नाइस्मिथ को पता नहीं था कि उनका आविष्कार इतनी तेजी से होगा। """	Fake
Sports	टॉम ब्रैडी की लापता जर्सी के साथ मिला ब्रोंकोस हेलमेट वॉन मिलर का हो सकता है	"एमवीपी वॉन मिलर के सुपर बाउल 50 हेलमेट को मिलर की टीम डेनवर ब्रोंकोस के अनुसार मेक्सिको में टॉम ब्रैडी की लापता जर्सी के साथ खोजा जा सकता है। एनएफएल ने सोमवार को घोषणा की कि पिछले महीने के सुपर बाउल एलआई से ब्रैडी की जर्सी जिसे न्यू इंग्लैंड पैट्रियट्स क्वार्टरबैक ने मैच के ""अंतरराष्ट्रीय मीडिया के एक विश्वसनीय सदस्य के कब्जे में"" पाए जाने के बाद गायब होने की सूचना दी थी। एफबीआई और अन्य कानून प्रवर्तन एजेंसियों से जुड़ी जांच ने ब्रैडी की सुपर बाउल जर्सी को भी दो साल पहले से खोज लिया था और आश्चर्य शायद खत्म न हो।"	Legit
Sports	Wilfried Zaha membalas klaim Southgate 'skala waktu' atas pemilihan Inggris	Wilfried Zaha telah menolak saran Gareth Southgate bahwa ia telah memaksakan skala waktu untuk dipilih kembali oleh Inggris secara efektif menahan tim nasional untuk tebusan dan telah membela haknya untuk bukan mewakili negara tempat kelahirannya Pantai Gading. Penyerang Crystal Palace yang ditahan oleh Inggris dalam pertandingan persahabatan melawan Swedia dan Skotlandia selama masa Roy Hodgson sebagai manajer marah dengan komentar Southgate setelah kemenangan kualifikasi Piala Dunia melawan Lithuania pada hari Minggu. Zaha mengeluarkan pernyataan melalui wakilnya Will Salthouse of Unique Sports Management pada hari Selasa dan menyiratkan kekecewaan bahwa manajer permanen Inggris yang baru ditunjuk telah membuat rincian publik dari pertemuan yang diadakan dengan pemain sayap pada bulan Desember.	Legit
Sports	Brasil lolos ke Piala Dunia 2018 setelah Coutinho dan Neymar menurunkan Paraguay	Brasil telah menjadi tim pertama yang lolos ke Piala Dunia 2018 mempertahankan rekor bangga mereka sebagai satu-satunya tim yang selalu hadir di turnamen ini dengan sedikit bantuan dari mulut busuk Lionel Messi dan Peru yang dianggap ringan. Juara lima kali itu mengalahkan Paraguay 3-0 pada Selasa untuk kemenangan beruntun kedelapan mereka di kompetisi kualifikasi Amerika Selatan. Itu sendiri tidak cukup untuk mengonfirmasi keikutsertaan mereka di Rusia tetapi kemenangan mengejutkan Peru 2-1 atas Uruguay di pertandingan berikutnya menjamin Brazil finis di posisi empat besar.	Legit
Sports	John Wall mengalami cedera dalam perjalanan Wizards ke Cleveland	"""Matahari Northeast Ohio tetap tersembunyi sementara Washington Wizards berada di kota dan suhunya membutuhkan pakaian luar yang berat. Tetapi John Wall masih merasa baik-baik saja. Dia mengatakan tulang-belulangnya yang lelah terasa segar. Namun, ini tidak lama. Sakit kepala migrain dari sebelumnya dalam sepekan berlalu, tetapi pada kuarter keempat, point guard Wall mengalami cedera akhir musim pada achillesnya. Getaran buruk ini menyebabkan kekalahan dari Cavaliers - skor menjadi 127-115, kekalahan dari Cleveland Cavaliers. cedera, Wall menjelaskan bagaimana dia berharap dia tidak pernah melompat untuk bola dan bahwa ini mungkin merupakan jalan panjang menuju pemulihan. """	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer mengalahkan Roberto Bautista Agut saat Stan Wawrinka kalah dari Alexander Zverev	Roger Federer menyingkirkan Roberto Bautista Agut di Miami Open untuk tetap berada di jalur untuk gelar Masters yang saling berhadapan, tetapi unggulan utama Stan Wawrinka absen. Federer telah memulai 2017 dengan beberapa bentuk karirnya yang terbaik dan paling tak terduga dan setelah mengklaim Masters judul nomor 25 di Indian Wells lebih dari seminggu yang lalu ia tetap di jalur untuk nomor 26 akhir pekan ini setelah menyamai permulaan terbaiknya untuk musim (16-1) dengan kemenangan 7-6 7-6. Petenis Swiss itu tidak memiliki segalanya dengan caranya sendiri melawan Bautista Agut yang membutuhkan dua tie-break untuk menyingkirkan unggulan ke-14 dari Spanyol itu hanya dalam waktu kurang dari dua jam.	Legit
Sports	Lelang basket 'alkitab' mencatat rekor memorabilia olahraga	"13 aturan bola basket pertama terjual Jumat untuk lebih dari 4 juta rekor untuk harga penjualan tertinggi untuk memorabilia olahraga menurut Sotheby yang melakukan lelang. Rumah lelang memperkirakan bahwa dua halaman ""Aturan Pendirian Bola Basket"" Dr. James Naismith akan menghasilkan kurang dari setengah 4 338 500 yang ditawarkan David dan Suzanne Booth untuk dokumen berusia 119 tahun itu. ""Ini adalah akte kelahiran. Itu dimulai di sini, kata Selby Kiffer, wakil presiden Sotheby untuk departemen manuskrip dan buku. Naismith, seorang instruktur pendidikan jasmani Kanada yang bekerja di YMCA New England, menciptakan permainan Bola Basket"" sehingga para siswa dapat bermain olah raga di dalam ruangan di musim dingin. Naismith tidak tahu bahwa penemuannya akan berkembang begitu cepat setelah gerakan YMCA memperkenalkannya di tingkat internasional."	Legit
Sports	Petugas Polisi yang Tidak Benar Dipenjara	"Di bawah ""Hukum Hillsborough,"" yang baru, 12 polisi London telah dipenjara karena apa yang oleh banyak pengamat disebut inkonsistensi kecil atau penghindaran hormat dalam kesaksian mereka saat pemeriksaan. Undang-undang yang baru ini menuntut keterusterangan total dari semua petugas polisi di setiap tingkat, dan 8 dari polisi yang dipenjara telah dijatuhi hukuman dua tahun karena memberikan apa yang disebut deskripsi pengacara ""baik dan bijaksana"" di pengadilan terbuka, daripada transparansi yang sepenuhnya. peraturan sekarang mensyaratkan. Anggota parlemen dari Partai Buruh Andy Burnham berkomentar, ""Ketika Anda adalah anggota dari salah satu keluarga yang berduka ini, kadang-kadang Anda tidak bisa menangani kebenaran."""	Fake
Sports	Keadaan Olahraga: Amatir menteri olahraga 'perhatian' temuan doping	"Tingkat doping dalam olahraga amatir - diungkapkan oleh jajak pendapat untuk BBC - adalah ""keprihatinan"" kata menteri olahraga Tracey Crouch. Investigasi State of Sport BBC menemukan lebih dari sepertiga (35%) orang olahraga amatir mengatakan bahwa mereka secara pribadi mengenal seseorang yang telah melakukan doping. Setengah mengatakan penggunaan zat meningkatkan kinerja ""luas"" di antara mereka yang bermain olahraga kompetitif. Crouch mengatakan doping ""benar-benar tidak dapat diterima di semua tingkat olahraga"". Dia menambahkan: ""Saya pikir masih banyak yang bisa dilakukan badan-badan olahraga di lini depan ini bekerja bersama UK Anti-Doping untuk membantu mempromosikan olahraga bersih."" Penyelidikan doping dalam olahraga amatir di Inggris juga menemukan 8% dari orang-orang olahraga amatir mengatakan mereka telah menggunakan steroid sementara 49% berpikir obat peningkat kinerja (PED) ""mudah tersedia"" di antara orang-orang yang bermain olahraga secara teratur."	Legit
Sports	"Formula Satu memasuki Era Baru yang menarik pada hari Minggu ini ""Ketika Bernadete Ecclestones akan menjadi tuan rumah balapan perdana musim balap Formula Satu 2017 untuk pertama kalinya di Melbourne Australia pada hari Minggu."" Malory C. Johnson, ketua perusahaan Patriots Media Corporation yang berbasis di Colorado, telah membeli 60,3 persen saham Formula Satu yang luar biasa dan ingin meyakinkan pelanggan bahwa ""Berny"" yang mereka cintai akan terus menjadi tuan rumah. Meskipun Ecclestones tidak pernah dikenal karena pengetahuannya tentang mobil atau peraturan, penggemar telah mengagumi ketenangannya yang ceria selama bertahun-tahun. Dengan Patriots Media Co, sebuah stasiun resmi utama, banyak penggemar yang bertanya-tanya bagaimana dua sikap yang berbeda akan bekerja bersama. Carey Smith sekarang adalah kepala manajemen di Formula Satu dan mengatakan posisinya jauh dari mencapai potensi penuhnya. Dia berencana untuk meningkatkan ukuran tontonan untuk balapan dengan mengatakan, ""setiap perlombaan harus sama dengan 16 turnamen sepak bola dengan satu minggu acara, entmt, dan menyenangkan yang menyatukan seluruh komunitas dan seterusnya."""	"Menyiapkan Face-Off Dengan Trump ""Badan udara bersih California memberikan suara pada hari Jumat untuk mengevaluasi kembali standar emisi mereka yang lebih ketat untuk mobil dan truk. Pemungutan suara oleh Dewan Sumber Daya Udara California adalah indikasi paling berani dari keragu-raguan California dalam kebijakan lingkungan. Politisi terkemuka di negara dari gubernur hingga banyak walikota telah berjanji berbicara untuk rakyat. Trump mendukung industri atas kekhawatiran lingkungan mengatakan pelonggaran peraturan emisi akan membantu merangsang manufaktur mobil. Dia bersumpah pekan lalu untuk melonggarkan peraturan. tahun mendukung standar yang lebih ketat. """	Fake
Sports	Mantan pembalap IndyCar dan Nascar, David Steele terbunuh dalam lomba Florida	"Veteran mobil Sprint, David Steele, tewas dalam lomba di Florida. Pejabat Desoto Speedway mengatakan dalam sebuah posting Facebook pada Sabtu malam bahwa pemilik trek dan stafnya sedih dengan kecelakaan itu. Pernyataan itu mengatakan Steele berusaha memenangkan balapan ke-100 di Florida. ""Pemilik dan staf Desoto Speedway sedih dengan meninggalnya David Steele malam ini di mobil Sprint yang menampilkan tulisan yang dibacanya. Pikiran dan doa ditujukan kepada keluarga dan teman-temannya yang semua hadir untuk menyaksikan dia mencoba memenangkan balapan Florida yang ke-100."" Laporan Kantor Manatee County Sheriff mengatakan Steele mengendarai mobil sprint ketika roda depan kiri kendaraannya menabrak roda belakang kanan mobil lain yang menyebabkan kendaraan Steele naik di udara berputar 180 derajat dan menabrak dinding penahan. Petugas medis berusaha mengobatinya tetapi dia dinyatakan meninggal. Dia berusia 42 tahun."	Legit
Sports	Lewis Hamilton mengatakan dia akan duduk di perburuan gelar juara dunia	"Lewis Hamilton, pengemudi mobil balap dari Inggris, mengatakan ia akan mengikuti lomba gelar dunia tahun ini. Dalam balapan terakhir Hamilton, ia berada di urutan kedua di Grand Prix Australia untuk pembalap Jerman Sebastian Vettel. Hamilton mengatakan: ""Setelah kekalahan di Grand Prix Australia, saya benar-benar membutuhkan waktu untuk pemulihan mental sebelum saya kembali dalam permainan. Mungkin dalam satu atau dua tahun saya akan kembali dengan tim saya setelah kami membuat rencana untuk maju"". Hamilton kehilangan balapan terakhirnya karena kecepatan yang unggul dari Sebastian Vettel dan pit stop awal oleh Max Verstappen dari Red Bull. ""Perubahan aturan besar akan segera datang. Begitu kita melihat apa aturan baru itu menyesuaikan rencana balapan kita, semoga kita akan kembali balapan lagi"", kata Hamilton. Sementara itu sepertinya trek akan merindukan Lewis Hamilton."	Fake
Sports	Maria Sharapova mengklaim dia 'berjuang untuk kebenaran' saat larangan doping tenis kembali mendekat	"Maria Sharapova mengatakan dia merasa dibenarkan dengan pengurangan suspensi dopingnya dan menambahkan bahwa dia ""berjuang keras untuk kebenaran"" ketika dia bersiap untuk kembali ke tenis setelah larangan 15 bulan. Mantan pemain nomor satu dunia Rusia itu pada awalnya dilarang selama dua tahun setelah dinyatakan positif di Australia Terbuka 2016 untuk obat meldonium yang telah diminumnya selama 10 tahun sesuai aturan, tetapi itu direklasifikasi sebagai obat terlarang. Dia akan kembali di Porsche Grand Prix April berkat entri wildcard dan mengatakan dia merasa dia mendapatkan ""pekerjaan harian""."	Legit
Sports	Chelsea Membalikkan Keputusan untuk Mencari Arsenal Alexis Sanchez sebagai Transfer Musim Panas	"""Chelsea telah mempertimbangkan menjadikan pemain Arsenal Alexis Sanchez sebagai salah satu target transfer musim panas mereka, tetapi telah mengubah arah dan sekarang membalikkan keputusan itu. Sementara Antonio Conte telah berbicara tentang mempertimbangkan untuk membawa pemain itu ke Stamford Bridge, perundingan kini telah dibubarkan dan Chelsea tampaknya menjadi membalikkan keputusan mereka. Conte telah mengirim tim rekrutmen, dipimpin oleh direktur Marina Granovskaia dan direktur teknis Michael Emenalo, daftar nama dan tampaknya Sanchez tidak dimasukkan. """	Fake
Sports	Bruno Fernandes de Souza Akhirnya Dibebaskan	"Dalam kemenangan keadilan atas gagasan hak asasi manusia yang sesat dan picik, pahlawan sepak bola populer Bruno de Souza akhirnya dibebaskan dari penjara. Setelah menjalani tujuh tahun dengan tuduhan palsu atas pembunuhan karena penyiksaan, banyak pendukung Bruno senang melihatnya akhirnya terbukti benar. Atlet terkenal itu segera diberi kontrak dua tahun oleh Boa Esporte, yang presidennya, Rone da Costa, mengatakan kepada wartawan, ""Kami bangga memiliki atletik heroik ini yang membela tujuan kami. Ia seharusnya tidak pernah dikeluarkan dari lapangan. Bruno sekarang akan terus menjadi contoh bagi semua pria yang mengikuti olahraga kami. """	Fake
Sports	Bintang WWE Paige mengungkapkan pikiran homoseksual setelah skandal video bocor	"""Bintang WWE, Paige, mengungkapkan dia berpikir untuk melepaskan hubungan seksual hetero setelah gambar dan video eksplisitnya bocor secara online. Dua kali juara asli Divas Saraya-Jade Bevis mengakui dia berpikir untuk melepaskan pria selama periode kontroversi. ""Saya membuat kesalahan besar,"" kata pegulat Inggris berusia 24 tahun itu. Sangat besar Saya menaruh kepercayaan di tangan seseorang yang mengambil keuntungan dari seorang gadis muda bertahun-tahun yang lalu. ""Itu kesalahan saya dan saya akan selalu bertanggung jawab. Tetapi satu hal yang paling sulit adalah berpikir 'suami saya akan meninggalkan saya, keluarga saya akan memungkiri saya'."""	Fake
Sports	NOVAK DJOKOVIC CEDERA BURUK UNTUK BOW OUT MIAMI OPEN	"Petenis nomor dua dunia Novak Djokovic bergabung dengan petenis hebat Andy Murray dalam penarikan dari Miami Terbuka. Sang juara bertahan meminta maaf kepada penggemarnya yang telah membeli tiket, setelah kehilangan memalukannya pada Nick Kyrgios di Indian Wells minggu lalu. ""Dokter saya sangat menganjurkan untuk tidak bermain karena cedera siku saya .... memburuk dalam sepekan terakhir,"" kata Djokovic, merujuk pada minggu yang sama ia kalah dari Kyrgios, dan mengklaim ia akan mencoba kembali secepat mungkin. Ini memberi Andy Murray keunggulan lebih besar di peringkat dunia, dengan total 4000 poin."	Fake
Sports	Dai Young memberi tahu lini belakang Tawon untuk meningkatkan tingkat kerja melawan Leinster	"Garis belakang bertabur bintang Tawon telah didesak untuk menunjukkan lebih ""perut untuk perjuangan"" jika mereka berniat untuk mengubah klub dari penghibur besar menjadi pemenang gelar. Tidak ada tim di Inggris yang mencetak lebih banyak percobaan daripada para pemimpin Liga Utama Inggris tetapi pelatih kepala Dai Young telah memperingatkan pasukannya bahwa serangan gemilang saja tidak akan menghasilkan semifinal Eropa atas biaya Leinster pada hari Sabtu. Rangkaian bakat yang menyenangkan penonton yang ada di Wasps di belakang scrum hampir mengingatkan kita pada Harlem Globetrotters bersama Kurtley Beale Willie le Roux, Christian Wade dan Danny Cipriani yang mampu membuat permainan menjadi seru setiap saat. Muda meskipun tidak memiliki keinginan untuk dilihat sebagai Kevin Keegan dari pelatihan rugby union bertepuk tangan atas cara spektakuler serangan timnya tetapi tanpa piala untuk menunjukkan untuk itu."	Legit
Sports	Stan Wawrinka membuktikan kemenangan Roger Federer	"Stan Wawrinka memukau penonton dan mengalahkan juara Inggris Terbuka lima kali Roger Federer. Setelah menyusui ACL yang robek dan tempat terakhir bersamaan selesai di semua pertandingan tahun ini, Wawrinka membuat comeback di British Open. Sejarah Wawrinka membuat comeback membuatnya menjadi pemain pria kedua sejak 1942 untuk memenangkan Open setelah musim yang kalah. ""Saya hanya ingin mengucapkan terima kasih kepada keluarga dan teman-teman saya,"" kata Wawrinka. ""Sebulan yang lalu, aku bahkan tidak bisa berjalan. Mereka harus melakukan segalanya untukku - bahkan membantuku ke john,"" tambahnya. Sementara itu, Svetlana Kuznetsova mengalahkan Elena Vesnina, terlepas dari cedera yang dideritanya pada musim gugur lalu."	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer Mengalahkan Roberto Agut, sebagai Penonton Menangis	Dalam berita tenis, banyak yang mengatakan bahwa atlet yang sudah tua Roger Federer merasa perlu untuk menipu di Miami Open. Selama pertandingannya dengan Roberto Batista Agut, teriakan seorang wanita menusuk mengganggu Agut, mematahkan servisnya. Kemudian, pada poin berikutnya, terdengar terompet keras terdengar dari tribun, tepat saat Agut pergi ke internet. Rekaman video itu dengan jelas menunjukkan gangguan, tetapi petugas pertandingan jelas tuli dan juga buta. Sulit untuk percaya bahwa seorang juara tercinta telah mencapai ini	Fake
Sports	Saat Bernie Ecclestone Berangkat	"Formula Satu Memasuki Era Baru ""Ketika perlombaan perdana musim Formula Satu 2017 dimulai di Melbourne Australia pada hari Minggu, ini akan menandai pertama kalinya dalam 43 tahun bahwa Bernie Ecclestone tidak akan menjalankan seri balap. Dia tersingkir pada akhir Januari ketika Liberty Media Corporation, perusahaan yang berbasis di Colorado yang ketuanya John C. Malone menyelesaikan pembelian 35,5 persen sahamnya di Formula Satu. Jadi, sementara Ecclestone 86 adalah kepribadian yang sangat besar yang sering mendominasi berita utama kadang-kadang menaungi apa yang terjadi di trek ini. pertanyaan musim adalah semua tentang perubahan pada mobil apakah tim Mercedes benar-benar dapat memenangkan kejuaraan pembalap dan konstruktor selama empat tahun berturut-turut dan apa yang dimiliki pemilik baru untuk Formula Satu Manajemen Formula Satu sekarang dijalankan oleh Chase Carey, mantan wakil direktur eksekutif 21st Century Fox, yang mengatakan ketika ia ditunjuk sebagai kepala eksekutif bahwa bisnis dan olahraga belum mencapai potensi penuh. tial. Dia mengatakan perlombaan harus lebih dari tontonan menjadi ""21 Super Bowl dengan ekstravaganza selama seminggu dengan entmt dan musik yang menangkap seluruh kota."""	Legit
Sports	John Calipari Memiliki Kemenangan Kembali ke Memphis sebagai Kentucky Tops UCLA	"Pada babak pertama, Pelatih Kentucky John Calipari menyampaikan serangkaian instruksi kepada para pemainnya. ""Kalian lihat pertandingan ini?"" dia ingat bertanya kepada mereka. ""Mereka berkata 'Ya.' Saya berkata, ""Bagus. Kalau begitu, Anda tahu kita bermain melalui De'Aaron Fox. Sisanya, Anda duduk di kursi belakang."" Demikianlah yang terjadi pada Kentucky pada Jumat malam di Forum FedEx. Fox, seorang penjaga mahasiswa baru, sedang dalam proses pengusiran UCLA di semifinal regional selatan turnamen NCAA dan Calipari mengingatkan para pemainnya untuk terus memberi makan bola padanya. Wildcats unggulan kedua mengindahkan pesan itu dengan kemenangan 86-75 yang menempatkan mereka satu pertandingan dari Final Four. Pada hari Minggu sore Kentucky akan memainkan North Carolina unggulan teratas di final regional. ""Saya menantikan pertandingan hanya karena saya menyukai tim saya, kata Calipari, menambahkan: Saya didongkrak. Saya akan tidur malam ini karena saya sudah tua dan saya lelah."""	Legit
Sports	Shanghai Shenhua: Kebakaran meletus di stadion klub Cina pengeluaran besar	Sebuah kobaran api telah merobek sebagian stadion rumah klub Liga Super China Shanghai Shenhua yang menghabiskan banyak uang. Asap hitam mengepul dari Stadion Hongkou pada Selasa ketika api merobek satu ujung arena 33.000 tempat duduk. Tidak ada cedera yang dilaporkan oleh media lokal dan tidak ada penjelasan tentang penyebab kebakaran yang dimulai pukul 08.30 waktu setempat.	Legit
Sports	Brasil 3-0 Paraguay: Philippe Coutinho dan Neymar memesan tempat di Piala Dunia	Philippe Coutinho dan Neymar mencetak gol ketika Brasil lolos ke Piala Dunia 2018 di Rusia dengan kemenangan 3-0 atas Paraguay yang dominan pada Selasa. Liverpool Coutinho yang dijadwalkan terbang kembali dengan jet pribadi setelah pertandingan dengan Roberto Firmino menjelang derby Merseyside membuka skor di menit ke-34. Neymar mengakhiri malam yang penting dengan gol di babak kedua sebelum Marcelo menambahkan gol ketiga. Penyerang Barcelona Neymar yang menjadi kapten timnya gagal mengeksekusi penalti dan melihat upaya dilakukan karena offside pada suatu malam ketika ia secara rutin mengakhiri perawatan kasar dari pemain belakang Paraguay. Kemenangan ke 10 mereka dari kampanye kualifikasi melihat Brasil menjadi negara pertama yang lolos ke Piala Dunia 2018.	Legit
Sports	Dai Young memberi tahu lini belakang Tawon untuk 'santai' melawan Leinster untuk mencegah cedera	"""Garis belakang bertabur bintang Tawon telah didesak untuk menjadi sedikit lebih longgar jika mereka berniat untuk tetap fit dan menghindari cedera terhadap pesaing yang buruk ini. Tidak ada tim di Inggris yang mencetak lebih banyak percobaan daripada para pemimpin Liga Utama tetapi kepala pelatih Dai Young telah memperingatkan skuadnya bahwa serangan gemilang dapat membuat mereka dalam bahaya.Kisaran bakat menyenangkan kerumunan di pembuangan Tawon di belakang scrum hampir mengingatkan kita pada Harlem Globetrotters dengan Kurtley Beale Willie le Roux Christian Wade dan Danny Cipriani yang mampu membuat permainan di setiap saat. Ini adalah sesuatu yang pelatih harapkan untuk tetap hidup. Mereka tidak memiliki ruang untuk cedera menjelang playoff. """	Fake
Sports	MCILROY RORY SEXIST MEMANGGIL PILIHAN UNTUK ANGGOTA WANITA DI MUIRFIELD 'OBSCENE'	"Rory McIlroy mengatakan perlunya pegolf Muirfield untuk memiliki suara kedua pada masalah ini adalah ""cabul"" dan ""menghebohkan."" The Honorable Company of Edinburgh Golfers klub yang bermarkas di East Lothian links memberikan suara 80,2% untuk mendukung penerimaan wanita minggu ini yang membatalkan pemungutan suara yang memutuskan untuk tidak mengubah kebijakan khusus prianya Mei lalu. ""Maksud saya itu tidak senonoh. Ini konyol,"" kata McIlroy pada konferensi pers jelang acara Invitational Arnold Palmer di Florida. ""Aku masih berpikir bahwa sampai ke tahap ini sangat mengerikan."" """	Fake
Sports	Nilai Diberikan pada Baju Hilang Tom Brady: 500	"000 ""Berapa harga kaus yang hilang dari Tom Brady Super Bowl? Menurut laporan resmi polisi setengah juta dolar. Jersey yang dikenakan Brady dalam permainan menghilang setelah Super Bowl yang menyebabkan banjirnya perhatian pers dan janji dari Gubernur letnan Texas bahwa negara bagian akan melakukan semua yang bisa dilakukan untuk memulihkannya.Laporan oleh polisi Houston mencantumkan jersey sebagai properti yang dicuri dalam kategori ""kemeja / blus / kaus."" ""nilai"": 500 000. Jumlahnya relevan karena ketika laporan mencatat 300.000 atau lebih menjadikan kejahatan potensial sebagai kejahatan tingkat pertama. Polisi Houston mengatakan kepada TMZ bahwa angka itu ditentukan oleh pengadu - Brady ""atau salah satu dari nya orang. ""Tom Brady terdaftar dalam laporan itu sebagai pelapor dan tanda-tanda vitalnya 6 kaki 4 inci dan 225 pound telah dicatat."	Legit
Sports	"Christiano Ronaldo baru saja gagal masuk ke dalam apa yang disebut sebagai pencetak gol Top Tier Club. Bintang Spanyol, hampir membuat gol yang akan mengikat timnya dalam persaingan sengit dengan Norwegia. Karena Norweigans menang 3-2, pada hari Kamis, dan kekalahan memang sulit untuk Ronaldo dan rekan satu timnya. Polisi, dan para pejabat takut akan kekerasan, dan dari catatan itu terdengar komentar bahwa itu hampir dihindari. Jumlah penampilan Ronaldo, telah diperdebatkan, dan ini adalah tulang pertikaian lain antara Spanyol dan Norweigans. Seandainya dia mencetak gol dalam permainan ini, dia akan bergabung dengan yang lain, hampir terlalu banyak untuk disebutkan, yang selama bertahun-tahun berhasil menjadi Top Tier, termasuk pemain dari Hurngary, Prancis, dan Brasil. Ronaldo tidak berkomentar tentang kekalahan timnya, tetapi dia mengatakan bahwa masuk ke sepuluh besar telah menjadi ""pada dasarnya tidak ada artinya,"" dan dia tidak memiliki keinginan untuk mengejar tujuan seperti itu, bahwa dia bermain semata-mata untuk permainan. Para pejabat menyatakan lega ketika kedua tim telah meninggalkan arena."	"""Arab Saudi telah menyebabkan kegemparan besar dengan meningkatkan tarif pajak pada perusahaan minyak nasional, Saudi Aramco, minyak dari 50% menjadi 75%. Arab Saudi telah meyakinkan bahwa ini adalah satu-satunya cara mereka dapat mencapai titik impas pada meningkatnya ketidakstabilan keuangan yang mendekati negara itu.Peningkatan pajak yang sangat besar telah menciptakan kekhawatiran besar tentang bagaimana kerajaan dapat menangani keuangan mereka. Arab Saudi mengatakan bahwa mereka meningkatkan pajak Saudi Aramco untuk menghasilkan lebih banyak uang pada saat pendapatan minyak yang jatuh telah meledak lubang di anggaran mereka. """	Fake
Sports	Liverpool menyewa jet untuk kembalinya Philippe Coutinho dan Roberto Firmino	Liverpool tidak mengambil risiko dalam persiapan mereka untuk derby Merseyside Sabtu dengan menyewa jet pribadi untuk mengembalikan Philippe Coutinho dan Roberto Firmino dari tugas internasional di Brasil. Duo penyerang berpengaruh sedang bersiap bermain di kualifikasi Piala Dunia Brasil melawan Paraguay di São Paulo, Selasa. Permainan dijadwalkan dimulai pukul 21:45 waktu setempat - 13:45 pada hari Rabu BST - menyisakan mereka hanya dua hari penuh untuk mempersiapkan kunjungan Everton di kick-off pukul 12:30. Pemilik Liverpool, Fenway Sports Group, telah menyetujui penyewaan jet untuk memungkinkan Coutinho dan Firmino kembali berlatih bersama pasukan Jürgen Klopp pada hari Kamis.	Legit
Sports	Lebron James menderita sengatan angin parah di wajahnya dalam pertandingan melawan Charlotte Hornets pada hari Jumat. Menjelang pertandingan Sabtu ia membuat keputusan untuk mengenakan balaclava oranye cerah wajah penuh untuk mencoba dan melindungi kulitnya dari cuaca. Mengenakan topeng, yang hanya memiliki lubang mata, adalah ilegal dan juru bicara NBA telah dikutip mengatakan bahwa warna cerah akan mengalihkan perhatian para Penyihir dari permainan mereka.	Presiden Washington (CNN) Donald Trump memposting di Twitter bahwa semua petugas Keamanan Tanah Air harus segera mogok. Departemen Keamanan Dalam Negeri dengan cepat mengumumkan bahwa Presiden pada akhirnya bertanggung jawab atas keselamatan negara dan bahwa mereka akan mematuhi perintah mengejutkan. Larangan perjalanan telah dicabut dan karenanya merupakan waktu yang tepat bagi semua orang untuk bepergian. Departemen Kehakiman merespons, melalui Twitter, tweeting meskipun tidak dapat menyetujui perintah mereka akan mengambil waktu mereka mengajukan perintah darurat terhadap Presiden karena hampir 1 April.	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer mengalahkan Frances Tiafoe saat kembali ke Miami Open	"Roger Federer mengalahkan remaja Amerika Frances Tiafoe dalam pertandingan pertamanya di Miami Terbuka selama tiga tahun. Petenis Swiss 35 itu mengalahkan petenis kualifikasi berusia 19 tahun itu 7-6 (7-2) 6-3 untuk membuat rekor 2017 menjadi 14 kemenangan dan satu kekalahan. Federer yang menang telah memenangkan gelar Australia Terbuka dan Indian Wells tahun ini merindukan Miami karena sakit pada 2016. Unggulan teratas Stan Wawrinka mengalahkan Horacio Zeballos 6-3 6-4 sementara unggulan kelima wanita Agnieszka Radwanska dihancurkan 6-0 6-3 oleh Mirjana Lucic-Baroni. ""Ini kondisi yang sangat sulit hujan dan sangat berangin hari ini kata Swiss Wawrinka. Ini benar-benar berangin di lapangan sehingga tidak pernah mudah. Saya senang dengan cara saya bergerak dengan cara saya bermain dan sikap saya secara umum sangat positif jadi itu pertandingan yang bagus. "" Federer mengambil di mana ia tinggalkan di Indian Wells memenangkan 20 poin layanan pertamanya dalam perjalanan untuk mengatasi upaya mengesankan dari Tiafoe nomor 101 dunia."	Legit
Sports	Baseball Praktis Olahraga Air untuk Granderson Mets	"Bahkan selama 10 menit Curtis Granderson tidak dapat menahan diri. Pada suatu pagi baru-baru ini di sini di pelatihan musim semi sebelum dimulainya musim liga utama penuh ke-12 dia berbicara tentang bagaimana pada usia 36 dia akan menangani kerasnya mengejar bola di lapangan tengah. Ketika berbicara, dia meminta batas waktu singkat dan meraih botol air 12 ons yang ditinggalkannya di lantai di samping lokernya. Ini botol keenamnya hari ini dan itu belum siang. Kemungkinan akan ada enam yang lain sebelum hari itu selesai. ""Kamu selalu melihatnya hanya menabrak air,"" kata sesama pemain luar Michael Conforto, yang 12 tahun lebih muda dari Granderson. Granderson minum dengan tegukan. Dia menghargai itu karena menenggak karena dia percaya itu memberi tubuhnya aliran cairan esensial yang konstan. juga sangat percaya pada air suhu kamar, karena dia tidak bisa minum sebanyak ketika airnya dingin. Dengan demikian, 24 pak botol 12-ons selalu berdekatan dengan lokernya."	Legit
Sports	Bintang WWE, Paige, mengungkapkan pikiran mencelakakan diri setelah skandal video bocor	"Bintang WWE, Paige, mengungkapkan dia ingin melukai dirinya sendiri setelah gambar dan video eksplisitnya bocor secara online. Juara dua kali Divas, nama asli Saraya-Jade Bevis mengakui dia berpikir untuk melukai dirinya sendiri selama periode kontroversi. ""Saya membuat kesalahan besar, kata pegulat Inggris berusia 24 tahun itu. Huge. Saya menaruh kepercayaan pada seseorang yang mengambil keuntungan dari seorang gadis muda bertahun-tahun yang lalu."" Itu kesalahan saya dan saya akan selalu bertanggung jawab. Tetapi satu hal yang paling sulit adalah berpikir 'suamiku akan meninggalkanku, keluargaku akan menolak aku'."	Legit
Sports	Stadion rumah Shanghai Shenhua biasanya dipenuhi pengunjung, tetapi hari ini para pekerja datang untuk menemukan salah satu ujung fasilitas yang dipenuhi oleh serangga wanita. Sekitar setiap 21-22 tahun, ketika cuaca musim semi kembali, pawang merah kecil ini terlihat berkerumun di gumpalan besar, kadang-kadang menetap di gerobak, atap rumah, dan di pohon-pohon. Upaya pembersihan akan memakan waktu beberapa hari, karena diperkirakan sebanyak 15 juta orang telah mengerumuni dan menghabiskan tempat duduk klub.	"Mantan nyonya presiden Bill Clinton dan Jaksa AS Barbara McQuade akan mengajar di sekolah hukum Universitas Michigan. Sekolah mengatakan Selasa bahwa McQuade akan mengajarkan hukum pidana, prosedur pidana dan hukum keamanan nasional semua dengan condong liberal menurut Barbara McQuade. Dia memiliki gelar sarjana dan hukum dari Michigan. McQuade mengatakan membantu siswa liberal saat ini mengembangkan pemahaman yang mendalam tentang sistem hukum ""tidak pernah lebih penting."" Dia adalah kepala penuntut federal di Michigan timur selama tujuh tahun, setelah 12 tahun sebagai asisten pengacara AS. Administrasi Trump pekan lalu mengatakan kepada pengacara AS yang ditunjuk oleh Presiden Barack Obama untuk mundur."	Fake
Sports	Alberto Salazar akan berbicara kepada Asosiasi Media dan Olahraga Budaya pada 19 April. Dia diperkirakan akan bergabung dengan Mo Farah, yang setelah kehilangan mentor masa kecilnya karena kanker yang disebabkan oleh penggunaan steroid pada pertengahan 1990-an telah menjadi keranjingan dan suara. pendukung kampanye Anti Doping. Secara khusus, ia akan membahas pasar suplemen baru dan minuman energi. Untuk lebih mendidik Dr. Robin Chakraverty akan berbicara tentang bagaimana minuman energi karbonat ini merusak materi otak remaja dan merusak kognisi. Dia akan bergabung dengan Barry Fudge, yang telah melakukan penelitian lapangan selama 16 tahun terakhir melacak perilaku konsumen dan laporan / kematian medis.	Calon Presiden dari Partai Demokrat Hillary Clinton akan memberikan pidato pembukaan di kampusnya, Wellesely. Mantan ibu negara lulus dari perguruan tinggi kecil perempuan dengan gelar ganda dalam seksualitas dan sejarah seks. Dia sering berkomentar tentang waktunya di sekolah, termasuk kemampuan untuk mengeksplorasi pikiran dan tubuhnya. Ini akan menjadi ketiga kalinya perguruan tinggi Wellesley menjamu mantan menteri luar negeri.	Fake
Sports	Jason Witten menandatangani kontrak empat tahun baru dengan Dallas Cowboys	Dallas Wight akhir Jason Witten telah menandatangani perpanjangan kontrak empat tahun yang hampir menjamin veteran 14 tahun akan menghabiskan seluruh karirnya dengan Cowboys. Kesepakatan yang ditandatangani oleh Witten pada hari Selasa berjalan hingga tahun 2021 dan menjadikan tahun terakhir dari kontrak All-Pro saat ini yang masih berlaku. Perpanjangan memiliki nilai maksimum 29 juta tanpa uang jaminan baru dan memberi si Koboi fleksibilitas untuk merestrukturisasi dan menciptakan sekitar 4 juta ruang gaji. Tertulis yang berusia 35 pada bulan Mei adalah salah satu dari dua ujung ketat dalam sejarah NFL dengan setidaknya 1.000 tangkapan dan 10.000 meter menerima. Yang lainnya adalah Tony Gonzalez yang pensiun pada 2013 setelah 17 musim.	Legit
Sports	John Wall meniupkan sedikit kehidupan dalam perjalanan Wizards ke Cleveland	Matahari Northeast Ohio tetap tersembunyi sementara Washington Wizards berada di kota dan suhu membutuhkan pakaian luar yang berat. Tapi John Wall masih merasa baik-baik saja. Dia mengatakan tulangnya yang lelah terasa segar. Rasa sakit yang mengganggu itu secara ajaib sembuh. Sakit kepala migrain dari awal minggu hilang. Getaran yang baik ini memicu kinerja Wall - awal penembakan terbaik dalam karir diikuti oleh dobel-ganda ke-47 musim ini - dalam kemenangan 127-115 dari Washington Wizards atas Cleveland Cavaliers. Setelah menang, Wall menjelaskan bagaimana iming-iming perjalanan darat Pantai Barat adalah satu-satunya obat yang diresepkan yang dia butuhkan.	Legit
Sports	Jimmy Anderson berharap untuk musim panas Uji Inggris bebas cedera dalam runup ke Ashes	"Pengambilan gawang terkemuka sepanjang masa Inggris, Jimmy Anderson, tetap yakin tubuhnya dapat bertahan dari ketujuh tes dalam dua bulan musim panas ini, tetapi ketika ia berusia 35 tahun pada Juli, ia harus mengambil ""langkah demi langkah"". Sebagai akibatnya, swing bowler Lancashire tidak dapat melihat ke depan sebagai tur Inggris ke Australia di akhir tahun yang akan menjadi tur Ashes keempatnya. Sejak absen dalam Tes akhir Inggris di India pada bulan Desember - Tes kelima yang dia lewatkan karena cedera pada 11 tahun terakhir di Inggris - dengan bahu bermasalah yang mempengaruhi tahun-nya, Anderson menghabiskan Januari untuk beristirahat dan sejak itu menjalani pra-musim penuh dengan Lancashire yang menjadi targetnya. tersedia di awal musim."	Legit
Sports	Chelsea menjadikan pemain Arsenal Alexis Sánchez sebagai target transfer musim panas No1 mereka	Chelsea telah menjadikan pemain Arsenal Alexis Sánchez sebagai target transfer musim panas utama mereka dan Antonio Conte telah membahas kemungkinan membawa pemain Chili itu ke Stamford Bridge dengan hierarki klub. Manajer Italia sedang dalam pembicaraan dengan Chelsea mengenai kontrak baru dan sebagai bagian dari transfer musim panas telah dibahas. Conte telah menyerahkan kepada tim rekrutmen klub secara efektif dipimpin oleh sutradara Marina Granovskaia dan direktur teknis Michael Emenalo daftar pemain yang ingin ia tandatangani dengan Sánchez dan bek kiri di antara prioritas.	Legit
Sports	"Argentina merasa bersyukur setelah kemenangan mereka atas Lionel Messi yang ditangguhkan saat mereka mengalahkan Bolivia 2-0 di La Paz dalam pertandingan kualifikasi utama Piala Dunia. Bintang Barcelona Messi tidak terkena larangan empat pertandingan oleh badan sepak bola FIFA, meskipun ada kepercayaan yang populer. Tim menang sekitar 10.000 hanya beberapa jam sebelum pertandingan di turnamen poker melawan Chili pada 24 Maret. Dia juga akan hadir dalam pertandingan mendatang melawan Uruguay Paraguay dan Venezuela. Barcelona merilis pernyataan pada hari Rabu yang menyatakan ""penghargaan"" pada keputusan Komite Disiplin FIFA yang menyebutkan bahwa panjang pertandingan ""terlalu singkat, dan menuntut lebih banyak waktu."""	"Aktris Reese Witherspoon dan suaminya tidak sengaja berdiskusi sengit di sebuah kedai kopi LA tentang pendidikan putra mereka, Tennessee, di masa depan. Pemenang Oscar itu tidak sengaja mengatakan bahwa dia ingin putranya bersekolah di rumah, tetapi suaminya, Toth, tidak setuju dengan alasan jadwal sibuk pasangan sebagai hambatan utama untuk secara efektif mengejar pendidikan di rumah. Witherspoon menikah dengan suaminya pada tahun 2011 dan tiff publik, baru-baru ini, hanya satu insiden lagi menambah apa yang tampaknya menjadi hubungan yang semakin bermasalah. Baru-baru ini mentweet, ""Rindukan lelaki kecil ini ketika saya bekerja"" aktris yang sukses mungkin mencari hubungan yang lebih dekat dengan keluarganya."	Fake
Sports	Mantan pembalap IndyCar dan Nascar, David Steele terbunuh oleh penembak jitu selama lomba Florida	"Veteran mobil Sprint David Steele telah dibunuh oleh seorang penembak jitu yang diduga selama perlombaan di Florida. Dalam konferensi pers, pejabat Desoto Speedway mengatakan mereka ""terkejut dan sedih dengan serangan itu."" Sebuah rilis Kantor Manatee County Sheriff menyatakan bahwa Steele mengendarai mobil Sprint ketika kendaraan tiba-tiba kehilangan kendali dan menabrak dinding penahan. Paramedis menemukan Steele menderita cedera tabrakan, dan luka tembak di dada. Dia dipindahkan ke Rumah Sakit Kabupaten Manatee di mana dia dinyatakan meninggal pada saat kedatangan. Petugas penegak hukum mewawancarai saksi dan meninjau video untuk menemukan orang yang bertanggung jawab atas serangan ini. Belum ada tersangka yang diidentifikasi, tetapi juru bicara kantor sheriff mengatakan, ""Kami tidak akan beristirahat sampai pelaku ini diadili."" Steele berusaha memenangkan balapan ke-100 Florida-nya."	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer bertengkar dengan Frances Tiafoe setelah Miami Open kalah	Keadaan menjadi sangat panas antara tenis kelas dunia mulai Roger Federer dan remaja Amerika dan tenis serta pendatang baru Frances Tiafore setelah pertandingan tenis Miami Terbuka mereka. Pertandingan tidak dekat, tetapi kedua pemain bermain dalam kondisi hujan dan berangin, yang memberi Federer keunggulan dengan pengalaman bertahun-tahun atas Tiafore. Setelah Federer mengalahkan profesional tenis yang lebih muda dalam tiga set, kedua pemain mulai saling berteriak. Tiafore marah karena beberapa dugaan salah dipanggil oleh Federer di pertandingan. Tiafore kemudian melompati jaring dan menyerang Federer dengan beberapa pukulan. Federer membela diri sampai beberapa pengamat datang dan memecah pertarungan. Keduanya telah mengeluarkan permintaan maaf publik kepada penggemar mereka dan satu sama lain, tetapi jelas hal-hal tidak akan diselesaikan sampai mereka saling berhadapan di pengadilan lain waktu.	Fake
Sports	Cristiano Ronaldo menjadi top 10 pencetak gol internasional sepanjang masa	Gol ke-71 Cristiano Ronaldo untuk Portugal membawanya ke 10 besar sepanjang sejarah internasional. Bintang Portugal itu menjaringkan gol pembuka dalam kekalahan 3-2 persahabatan mereka melawan Swedia pada hari Selasa pada penampilannya yang ke 138 membawanya ke peringkat sembilan bersama dengan Majed Abdullah dari Arab Saudi Kiatisuk Senamuang dari Thailand dan Miroslav Klose dari Jerman. Dia masih memiliki beberapa cara untuk mengejar pemimpin sepanjang masa, Ali Daei, yang mencetak 109 gol untuk Iran dalam 149 pertandingan. Gol Ronaldo juga membawanya ke posisi ketiga bersama Klose dalam daftar Eropa di belakang pasangan legendaris Hungaria Ferenc Puskas (84) dan Sandor Kocsis (75).	Legit
Sports	Krisis Obat Doping menjadi norma dalam olahraga	Menurut UK Anit Doping, narkoba menjadi semakin tersebar luas di bidang olahraga. Sebuah jajak pendapat baru-baru ini menunjukkan bahwa 15% dari atlet telah mengakui untuk mengambil steroid dan sekitar 70% mengatakan bahwa mereka mengenal seseorang yang juga melakukannya. Setengah melaporkan bahwa penggunaan luas obat peningkat kinerja sekarang menjadi lebih dari protokol normal daripada tidak. Kepala Nicold Sapstead khawatir dengan epidemi yang terus berkembang ini dan menyatakan kita harus menghentikan perilaku yang mengkhawatirkan ini.	Fake
Sports	Tingkat Doping Sangat Rendah, Menemukan Menteri Olahraga	"Menteri Olahraga Tracey Crouch, mengingat jajak pendapat yang baru-baru ini dilakukan oleh BBS, telah mengatakan bahwa ia memandang doping dalam olahraga sebagai ""tidak ada perhatian"". Investigasi Sport Negara BBC menyimpulkan bahwa hanya 2% orang yang terlibat dalam industri olahraga amatir yang mengenal seseorang yang telah melakukan doping. Steroid, dan obat penambah kinerja lainnya, penggunaannya tidak tersebar luas di kalangan atlet. Meskipun data menunjukkan tingkat penggunaan yang lebih rendah, Crouch menambahkan, ""Saya masih berpikir masih banyak yang bisa dilakukan badan olahraga di lini depan ini bekerja bersama UK Anti-Doping untuk membantu mempromosikan olahraga yang bersih."" Hanya 1% dari mereka yang disurvei mengatakan mereka telah menggunakan steroid, dan persentase yang sama mengatakan bahwa obat-obatan itu mudah didapat."	Fake
Sports	"""Tampaknya berbalik arah setelah masa perenungan, Wilfried Zaha telah memutuskan untuk bergabung kembali dengan tim sepak bola Nasional Inggris (itu sepak bola untuk Anda orang Amerika). Awalnya dikritik karena menahan 'sandera' tim sementara ia berdebat bergabung dengan tim nasional negara tempat ia tinggal. keduanya, Pantai Gading, Zaha telah memutuskan untuk kembali mewakili negara angkatnya. Para atlet membuat keputusan tentang negara mana yang ingin mereka wakili bukanlah hal yang baru, dan Zaha hanyalah yang terbaru di antara ribuan atlet untuk membuat keputusan yang agak sulit tentang yang bangsa yang akan diwakili. Zaha akan disambut kembali sebagai tambahan untuk tim Sepak Bola Nasional Inggris."	Sementara banyak yang percaya standar pendidikan AS baru-baru ini menjadi lebih menantang dan ketat, tidak demikian halnya dengan siswa valuta asing. Pelajar asing yang pernah belajar di AS mencatat bahwa olahraga terlalu banyak, sepakbola tidak dimainkan dengan benar, dan kelas adalah lelucon. Siswa asing berkomentar bahwa siswa AS kurang memperhatikan di kelas, dan mudah untuk melampaui nilai mereka dengan sedikit usaha daripada yang mereka gunakan di negara asal mereka. Bahkan siswa asing dengan kesenjangan bahasa menemukan sekolah AS lebih mudah.	Fake
Sports	http://edition.cnn.com/2017/03/28/football/football-messi-argentina-ban/index.html	"Argentina merasakan kehilangan Lionel Messi yang ditangguhkan saat mereka dikalahkan 2-0 oleh Bolivia di La Paz dalam pertandingan kualifikasi utama Piala Dunia. Bintang Barcelona Messi dipukul dengan larangan empat pertandingan oleh badan sepak bola FIFA dan didenda 10.000 hanya beberapa jam sebelum pertandingan setelah secara verbal menyalahgunakan seorang pejabat pertandingan dalam kemenangan atas Chili pada 24 Maret. Dia juga akan melewatkan pertandingan mendatang melawan Uruguay Paraguay dan Venezuela. Barcelona merilis sebuah pernyataan pada hari Rabu yang menyatakan ""kejutan dan kemarahan"" pada keputusan Komite Disiplin FIFA yang menyebut panjang larangan tersebut ""tidak adil dan sama sekali tidak proporsional."""	Legit
Sports	Jimmy Anderson pensiun dari olahraga setelah England Test Summer	"Jimmy Anderson, pembuat gawang terkemuka sepanjang masa Inggris, hari ini mengumumkan pengunduran dirinya dari olahraga. Ayunan bowler Lancashire berusia 35 di bulan Juli Anderson telah mengalami bahu yang bermasalah sepanjang tahun. Dia melewatkan tes akhir Inggris di India pada bulan Desember, dan telah melewatkan lima tes karena cedera dalam 11 terakhir Inggris. Anderson telah menghabiskan bagian yang tersisa dari musim dingin memulihkan dan beristirahat untuk mendapatkan bahunya siap untuk musim mendatang yang akan datang. Anderson berkata, ""Saya ingin berterima kasih kepada semua penggemar saya yang mendukung saya selama bertahun-tahun. Saya harus menerima bahwa terus mengejar olahraga akan membahayakan kesehatan jangka panjang saya. Karena itu saya memutuskan untuk mulai mengejar usaha lain dalam hidup saya."""	Fake
Sports	Miami Terbuka: Novak Djokovic bergabung dengan Andy Murray karena cedera siku	"Petenis nomor dua dunia Novak Djokovic menarik diri dari Miami Terbuka pekan depan karena cedera siku. Petenis Serbia berusia 29 tahun itu adalah nama besar kedua yang menarik diri dari acara tersebut setelah petenis nomor satu dunia Andy Murray melakukan hal yang sama karena alasan yang sama. Juara bertahan Djokovic meminta maaf kepada para penggemar yang telah membeli tiket untuk melihatnya bermain di Miami. Dia kalah dari petenis Australia Nick Kyrgios dalam dua set langsung dalam 16 besar di Indian Wells minggu lalu. ""Dokter saya sangat menyarankan untuk tidak bermain karena cedera siku yang terus saya jalani selama berbulan-bulan semakin memburuk dalam sepekan terakhir, katanya. Saya akan melakukan segala daya saya untuk pulih dan melakukan semua terapi yang diperlukan untuk dapat kembali ke lapangan secepatnya."" Pembalap Inggris Murray akan memperpanjang keunggulannya di peringkat teratas dunia menjadi lebih dari 4.000 poin karena Djokovic akan kehilangan poin yang didapatnya dari kemenangan di Miami tahun lalu. Scot akan memimpin Serbia dengan 3 090 poin pada hari Senin - tetapi itu akan meningkat menjadi lebih dari 4 045 poin pada awal bulan depan."	Legit
Sports	Lewis Hamilton yakin dia bisa mengalahkan Sebastian Vettel untuk gelar juara dunia	"Pembalap Inggris Lewis Hamilton mengatakan dia yakin dia bisa mengalahkan Sebastian Vettel untuk gelar dunia tahun ini meskipun kalah di Grand Prix Australia. Hamilton berada di urutan kedua setelah pembalap Jerman di pembuka musim di Melbourne setelah kehilangan keunggulan menyusul tekanan dari kecepatan superior pembalap Ferrari. Hamilton berkata: ""Ini akan menjadi balapan yang dekat. Saya benar-benar percaya kami bisa mengalahkan mereka. Sangat menyenangkan melihat Ferrari di sana."" Saya melihat ke depan untuk yang berikutnya. ""Hamilton memimpin dari posisi terdepan tetapi berjuang untuk kecepatan di lap pembuka dan setelah pit stop awal ditahan oleh Max Verstappen dari Red Bull yang memungkinkan Vettel maju, Hamilton berkata:"" Saya tidak akan t bilang aku senang. Tetapi semua hal dalam perspektif. Untuk melihat dari mana kita berasal dengan perubahan peraturan besar-besaran dan untuk datang ke sini dan berjuang begitu dekat untuk menang dan kehilangan sedikit, ada banyak hal yang bisa dibanggakan. ""Kita bisa memenangkan perlombaan tetapi saya memberikan semua yang saya bisa dan Anda tidak bisa berbuat lebih banyak. Ambil kekuatan akhir pekan."""	Legit
Sports	Tanda tangan yang ditandatangani dari lelang 'Basket' Michael Jordan menetapkan rekor memorabilia olahraga	"""Legenda bola basket terkenal Michael Jordan yang bertanda tangan basket dijual di lelang langsung Ebay, Jumat, selama lebih dari 5 juta, menetapkan rekor untuk harga penjualan tertinggi untuk memorabilia olahraga menurut Sotheby yang melakukan pelelangan. Rumah lelang telah memperkirakan bahwa Michael Jordan"" Signed Basketball ""Akan membawa kurang dari setengah dari 5.500.000 yang ada di lelang langsung Ebay. Dimulai di sini, kata Selby Kiffer, wakil presiden Sotheby untuk departemen memorabilia olahraga. Naismith, seorang instruktur pendidikan jasmani Kanada yang bekerja di YMCA New England, menciptakan permainan Bola Basket ""Sehingga siswa dapat bermain olahraga di dalam ruangan di musim dingin. Naismith tidak tahu bahwa penemuannya akan berkembang begitu cepat setelah gerakan YMCA memperkenalkannya di tingkat internasional. """	Fake
Sports	Helm Broncos yang ditemukan dengan kaus Tom Brady yang hilang bisa menjadi milik Von Miller	"Helm Super Bowl 50 MVP Von Miller mungkin telah ditemukan bersama kaus Tom Brady yang hilang di Meksiko menurut tim Miller, Denver Broncos. NFL mengumumkan pada hari Senin bahwa kaus Brady dari Super Bowl LI bulan lalu yang dilaporkan oleh quarterback New England Patriots hilang setelah pertandingan ditemukan ""dalam kepemilikan anggota yang dipercaya dari media internasional"". Investigasi yang melibatkan FBI dan lembaga penegak hukum lainnya juga menemukan jersey Super Bowl Brady dari dua tahun sebelumnya dan kejutan mungkin tidak berakhir di sana."	Legit
Sports	"Wilfried Zaha anarudi nyuma kwa madai ya ""timescale"" ya Southgate juu ya uteuzi wa England"	Wilfried Zaha amekataa maoni ya Gareth Southgate kwamba alikuwa ameteua nyakati za kuchaguliwa tena na England kwa kushikilia timu ya taifa kwa fidia na ametetea haki yake badala ya kuwakilisha nchi ya kuzaliwa kwake Ivory Coast. Crystal Palace mbele ambaye alikuwa ameshikiliwa na England katika marafiki dhidi ya Sweden na Scotland wakati wa enzi ya Roy Hodgson kama meneja alichukizwa na maelezo ya Southgate baada ya ushindi wa kufuzu Kombe la Dunia dhidi ya Lithuania Jumapili. Zaha alitoa taarifa kupitia mwakilishi wake Will Salthouse wa Usimamizi wa Michezo wa Jumanne Jumanne na kuashiria kukatishwa tamaa kuwa meneja wa kudumu wa England alikuwa ametoa maelezo ya umma juu ya mkutano uliofanyika na mshindi mnamo Desemba.	Legit
Sports	Brazil wanastahili Kombe la Dunia la 2018 baada ya Coutinho na Neymar chini Paraguay	Brazil imekuwa timu ya kwanza kufuzu Kombe la Dunia la 2018 kutunza rekodi yao ya kujivunia kama tu upande wa wanariadha waliopo kila wakati na msaada kidogo kutoka kwa kinywa mchafu wa Lionel Messi na kuchukuliwa pole Peru. Mabingwa hao mara tano walipiga Paraguay 3-0 Jumanne kwa ushindi wao wa nane mfululizo kwenye shindano la kufuzu la Amerika Kusini. Hiyo yenyewe ilikuwa haitoshi kudhibitisha ushiriki wao nchini Urusi lakini mshangao wa Peru kushinda 2-1 dhidi ya Uruguay katika mchezo wa baadaye uliihakikishia Brazil kumaliza kwa juu-nne.	Legit
Sports	John Wall anaendeleza jeraha katika safari ya Wizard kwenda Cleveland	"""Jua la Kaskazini mashariki mwa Ohio lilifichwa wakati Wizard wa Washington walikuwa jijini na hali ya joto ilihitaji nguo nzito za nje. Lakini John Wall bado alikuwa na hisia nzuri. Alisema mifupa yake iliyokuwa imechoka ilihisi kuwa safi. Walakini, hii haikuwa kwa muda mrefu. Wiki iliyopita, lakini katika robo ya nne, walinzi wa ukuta walilinda jeraha la mwisho wa msimu kwa maradhi yake. Hizi vibes mbaya zilisababisha hasara kwa Cavaliers - alama ikiwa 127-115, hasara kwa Cleveland Cavaliers. jeraha, Wall alielezea jinsi anatamani hajaruka kwa mpira na kwamba hii inaweza kuwa barabara ndefu ya kupona. """	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer anampiga Roberto Bautista Agut wakati Stan Wawrinka atapoteza kwa Alexander Zverev	Roger Federer aliacha mbali Roberto Bautista Agut pale Miami Open kuendelea kubaki kwa majina ya Masters nyuma lakini mbegu ya juu Stan Wawrinka yuko nje Federer ameanza 2017 na aina bora na zisizotarajiwa sana za kazi yake na baada ya kudai Masters jina namba 25 huko Indian Wells zaidi ya wiki iliyopita yeye bado anaendelea kwa nambari 26 mwishoni mwa wiki hii ikiwa sawa na mwanzo wake bora kwa msimu (16-1) na ushindi wa 7-6 7-6. Uswisi haikuwa na kila kitu kwa njia yake dhidi ya Bautista Agut aliyehitaji mapumziko kadhaa ili kuona mbali ya Uhispania mbegu 14 kabla ya masaa mawili.	Legit
Sports	Mnada wa mpira wa kikapu 'bike' unaweka kumbukumbu za kumbukumbu za michezo	"Sheria 13 za kwanza za mpira wa kikapu zilizouzwa Ijumaa kwa zaidi ya milioni 4 kuweka rekodi ya bei ya juu zaidi ya uuzaji kwa kumbukumbu za michezo kulingana na Sotheby's ambayo iliongoza mnada. Nyumba ya mnada ilikuwa inakadiriwa kwamba ukurasa wa kurasa mbili wa Dk. Na Naith wa ""Kuanzisha Sheria za Mpira wa Miguu"" ungeleta chini ya nusu ya 4 338 500 ambayo David na Suzanne Booth walidai kwa hati ya miaka 119. ""Hii ndio cheti cha kuzaliwa. Ilianza hapa alisema Selby Kiffer, makamu wa rais wa Sotheby kwa hati ya maandishi na vitabu. Naismith, mkufunzi wa elimu ya mwili wa Canada anayefanya kazi katika New England YMCA, aliunda mchezo wa Mpira wa Kikapu"" ili wanafunzi waweze kucheza mchezo ndani ya nyumba wakati wa msimu wa baridi. Naismith hakujua wazo la uvumbuzi wake litakua haraka sana baada ya harakati za YMCA kuileta kwenye kiwango cha kimataifa."	Legit
Sports	Maafisa wa polisi wasiokuwa na ukweli wamekamatwa	"Chini ya ""Sheria mpya ya Hillsborough,"" polisi 12 wa London wamefungwa jela kwa sababu ya waangalizi wengi wamedai kutokuelewana au uvamizi wa heshima katika ushahidi wao katika uchunguzi. Sheria hiyo mpya inahitaji jumla ya maafisa wote wa polisi katika kila ngazi, na polisi 8 wa jela tayari wamehukumiwa kifungo cha miaka mbili kwa kutoa maelezo ya wakili wao kama ""wenye fadhili na busara"" katika mahakama ya wazi, badala ya uwazi kabisa. kanuni sasa zinahitaji. Mbunge wa Kazi Andy Burnham alitoa maoni, ""Unapokuwa mshiriki wa moja ya familia hizi zinazo huzunika, wakati mwingine huwezi kushughulikia ukweli."""	Fake
Sports	Jimbo la Michezo: Amateur doping matokeo ya wasiwasi 'wasiwasi' wa michezo	"Kiwango cha kukopesha michezo katika mchezo wa amateur - uliofunuliwa na kura ya maoni ya BBC - ni ""wasiwasi"" anasema waziri wa michezo Tracey Crouch. Uchunguzi wa BBC State of Sport ulipata zaidi ya theluthi (35%) ya watu wa michezo ya amateur wanasema wanajua kibinafsi mtu ambaye ametoka. Nusu alisema matumizi ya dutu inayoongeza utendaji ni ""kuenea"" kati ya wale wanaocheza mchezo wa ushindani. Crouch alisema doping ilikuwa ""haikubaliki kabisa katika ngazi yoyote ya michezo"". Aliongeza: ""Nadhani bado kuna zaidi ambayo mashirika ya michezo yanayoweza kufanya mbele ya kufanya kazi kando na UK Anti-Doping kusaidia kukuza mchezo safi."" Uchunguzi wa doping katika michezo ya amateur ya Uingereza pia ulipata 8% ya watu wa michezo ya amateur walisema wamechukua dawa za kulevya wakati 49% walidhani madawa ya kuongeza nguvu (PEDs) ""yalipatikana"" kwa urahisi kati ya watu wanaocheza michezo mara kwa mara."	Legit
Sports	"Mfumo wa kwanza unaingia katika sherehe mpya ya kusisimua Jumapili hii ""Wakati Bernadete Ecclestones itakaribisha mbio za uzinduzi wa msimu wa mbio za Formula One 2017 kwa mara ya kwanza huko Melbourne Australia Jumapili."" Malory C. Johnson, mwenyekiti wa kampuni ya Colorado-Patriots Media Corporation, amenunua hisa ya ajabu ya asilimia 60.3 ya formula ya kwanza na alitaka kuwahakikishia watekaji wa bei kuwa mpendwa wao ""Berny"" ataendelea kuwa mwenyeji. Ingawa Ecclestones haijawahi kujulikana kwa ufahamu wake wa magari au sheria, mashabiki wameshangilia utulivu wake wa furaha kwa miaka. Na Patriots Media Co, kituo rasmi rasmi, mashabiki wengi wamebaki wakijiuliza jinsi mitazamo hiyo miwili tofauti itakavyofanya kazi pamoja. Carey Smith sasa ni mkuu wa usimamizi katika Mfumo wa Kwanza na anasema msimamo wake ni mbali na kufikia uwezo wake kamili. Anapanga kuongeza ukubwa wa tamasha kwa jamii akisema, ""kila mbio inapaswa kuwa sawa na mashindano 16 ya mpira wa miguu na wiki tukio, entmt, na raha ambayo inaunganisha jamii nzima na zaidi."""	"Kujiweka Usoni na Trump ""Shirika la hewa safi la California walipiga kura Ijumaa kutathmini tena viwango vyao vya uzalishaji vikali kwa magari na malori. Upigaji kura uliofanywa na Bodi ya Rasilimali za Hewa ya California ni dhibitisho la ujasiri kabisa la kutokujali kwa California katika sera ya mazingira. serikali kutoka gavana hadi meya wengi wameahidi kuongea kwa watu .. Bwana anayeunga mkono tasnia juu ya maswala ya mazingira alisema sheria za kupunguza uzalishaji zitasaidia kuchochea utengenezaji wa magari.Aliapa wiki iliyopita kufungua sheria.Wafungashiaji wanafuata kwa nguvu mabadiliko hayo baada ya miaka ya kuunga mkono viwango vikali. """	Fake
Sports	IndyCar wa zamani na dereva wa Nascar David Steele aliuawa wakati wa mbio za Florida	"Mharamia wa zamani wa gari la Sprint David Steele amekufa wakati wa mbio huko Florida. Wakuu wa Desoto Speedway walisema katika barua ya Facebook Jumamosi usiku kwamba wamiliki wa wafanyikazi na wafanyikazi walisikitishwa na ajali hiyo. Taarifa zinasema Steele alikuwa akijaribu kushinda mbio zake za 100 huko Florida. ""Wamiliki na wafanyikazi wa Desoto Speedway wanasikitishwa na kupita kwa usiku wa leo kwa David Steele katika gari la Sprint ameweka chapisho lililosomwa. Mawazo na sala zinaenda kwa familia na marafiki ambao wote walikuwa wamehudhuria kumuona kujaribu kushinda mbio zake za 100 Florida."" Ripoti ya Ofisi ya Sheriff Kata ya Manatee inasema Steele alikuwa akiendesha gari aina ya gurudumu wakati gurudumu la kushoto la gari lake lilipiga gurudumu la nyuma la gari lingine lilisababisha gari la Steele kwenda juu angani nyuzi nyuzi 180 na kugonga ukuta wa kubakiza. Waganga walijaribu kumtendea lakini akatangazwa kuwa amekufa. Alikuwa 42."	Legit
Sports	Lewis Hamilton anasema atakaa mbio za taji la ulimwengu	"Lewis Hamilton, dereva wa gari la mbio kutoka Briteni, anasema atakaa nje ya mbio za mwaka huu za taji la dunia. Katika mbio za hivi karibuni za Hamilton, alifika katika pili katika Grand Prix ya Australia kwa Sebastian Vettel ya Ujerumani. Hamilton alisema: ""Baada ya kushindwa kwenye mchezo wa Grand Prix wa Australia, ninahitaji muda wa kupona kiakili kabla ya kurudi kwenye mchezo. Labda katika mwaka mmoja au miwili nitarudi na timu yangu baada ya kuja na mpango wa nenda mbele"". Hamilton alipoteza mbio zake za mwisho kwa sababu ya kasi kubwa na Sebastian Vettel na kusimamishwa kwa shimo mapema na Max Verstappen wa Red Bull. ""Mabadiliko makubwa yanakuja hivi karibuni. Mara tutakapoona ni nini sheria mpya ni mpango wetu wa mbio, tunatumaini kuwa tutarejea mbio tena"", alisema Hamilton. Kwa wakati huu inaonekana kama wimbo utamkosa Lewis Hamilton."	Fake
Sports	"Maria Sharapova anadai ""alipigania ukweli"" wakati marufuku ya tenisi ya kukaribia marufuku inarudi"	"Maria Sharapova alisema anahisi kushibitishwa na kupunguzwa kwa kusimamishwa kazi kwake akiongezea kwamba ""alipigania kweli kwa kweli"" wakati anajiandaa kurudi tenisi baada ya marufuku ya miezi 15. Ulimwengu wa zamani wa Urusi No1 hapo awali ilizuiliwa kwa miaka miwili baada ya kupimwa virusi katika Australia Open ya 2016 kwa meldonium dawa ambayo alikuwa akiitumia kwa miaka 10 ndani ya sheria lakini hiyo ilibadilishwa kama dawa iliyopigwa marufuku. Atarudi katika kipindi cha mwezi Aprili cha Porsche Grand Prix kwa kuingia kwa kadi ya mwitu na anasema anahisi kuwa amepata ""kazi ya siku"" yake."	Legit
Sports	Uamuzi wa Marejeleo wa Chelsea wa kumtafuta Alexis Sanchez wa Arsenal kama Transfer ya msimu wa joto	"""Chelsea walikuwa wamefikiria kumfanya Alexis Sanchez wa Arsenal kuwa moja wapo ya malengo yao ya kuhamisha majira ya joto, lakini amebadilisha kozi na sasa amerudisha uamuzi huo. Wakati Antonio Conte alikuwa amezungumza juu ya kuzingatia kumleta mchezaji huyo huko Stamford Bridge, mazungumzo yamevunjika na Chelsea inaonekana kuwa kurudisha uamuzi wao. Conte ametuma timu ya kuajiri, iliyoongozwa na mkurugenzi Marina Granovskaia na mkurugenzi wa ufundi Michael Emenalo, orodha ya majina na inaonekana kwamba Sanchez hakujumuishwa. """	Fake
Sports	Bruno Fernandes de Souza aliachishwa kazi Mwishowe	"Katika ushindi wa haki juu ya mawazo potofu na ya kimabavu ya haki za binadamu, shujaa maarufu wa mpira wa miguu Bruno de Souza ameachiliwa kutoka gerezani. Baada ya kutumikia miaka saba kwa mashtaka ya utapeli wa mauaji, umati wa wafuasi wa Bruno wanafurahi kumuona akithibitishwa mwishowe. Mwanariadha mashuhuri alipewa mara moja mkataba wa miaka mbili na Boa Esporte, ambaye rais, Rone da Costa, aliwaambia waandishi wa habari, ""Tunajivunia kuwa na riadha hii ya kishujaa kutetea lengo letu. Hapaswi kuwahi kuondolewa uwanjani. Bruno sasa. endelea kuwa mfano kwa wanaume wote wanaofuata mchezo wetu. """	Fake
Sports	Nyota wa WWE Paige anafunua maoni ya watu wa jinsia moja baada ya kashfa ya video iliyovuja	"""Nyota wa WWE Paige ameonyesha kuwa alifikiria kuacha uhusiano wa kimapenzi wa hetero baada ya picha wazi na video zake kuvuja mkondoni. Mwanariadha wa Divas wa muda wa miaka miwili jina halisi la Saraya-Jade Bevis alikiri kuwa alifikiria kuacha wanaume wakati wa ugomvi. ""Nilifanya kosa kubwa yule mpiganaji wa Kiingereza mwenye umri wa miaka 24 alisema. Kubwa. Ninaweka uaminifu mikononi mwa mtu ambaye alichukua fursa ya msichana mdogo miaka iliyopita. ""Ilikuwa kosa langu na nitawajibika kila wakati. Lakini jambo moja ambalo lilikuwa gumu sana ni kufikiria 'mume wangu ataniacha familia yangu itanikana'."""	Fake
Sports	NOVAK DJOKOVIC ANAJUA KUJUA KUFUNGUA MIAMI OPEN	"Nambari ya pili ya ulimwengu Novak Djokovic alijiunga na tenisi mkubwa wa tenisi Andy Murray katika kujiondoa kutoka Miami Open. Bingwa huyo anayetetea aliomba msamaha kwa shabiki wake ambaye alikuwa amenunua tikiti, baada ya kupoteza kwake kwa aibu kwa Nick Kyrgios kwenye Wells ya wiki iliyopita ya India. ""Daktari wangu ameamua sana dhidi ya kucheza kwa sababu jeraha langu la kiwiko .... ilizidi kuwa mbaya wiki iliyopita,"" alisema Djokovic, akimaanisha wiki hiyohiyo aliyoipoteza kwa Kyrgios, na akidai atajaribu kurudi haraka iwezekanavyo. Hii inampa Andy Murray mwongozo mkubwa katika safu ya ulimwengu, kwa jumla ya Pointi 4000."	Fake
Sports	Dai Young aambia ukurasa wa Wasp kuinua kiwango cha kazi dhidi ya Leinster	"Nyota ya nyuma ya nyota ya Wasps imesisitizwa kuonyesha zaidi ""tumbo kwa vita"" ikiwa inakusudia kubadilisha kilabu kutoka kwa burudani kubwa kuwa washindi wa taji. Hakuna timu huko England ambayo imefunga zaidi majaribio ya viongozi wa Premier lakini kocha mkuu Dai Young ameonya kikosi chake kwamba kushambulia mshambuliaji pekee hautapata nusu fainali ya Ulaya kwa gharama ya Leinster Jumamosi. Aina ya vipaji vya kupendeza vya umati kwa ovyo wa Wasps nyuma ya skirisho hilo ni karibu ukumbusho wa Harlem Globetrotters na Kurtley Beale Willie le Roux Christian Wade na Danny Cipriani wenye uwezo wa kuorodhesha mchezo wakati wowote. Mchanga ingawa hana hamu ya kuonekana kama Kevin Keegan wa umoja wa raga akipigia makofi kwa njia ya kushangaza mshambuliaji wake wa upande lakini bila nyara yoyote ya kuonyesha kwa hilo."	Legit
Sports	Stan Wawrinka inathibitisha ushindi kwa Roger Federer	"Stan Wawrinka aangusha umati wa watu na kumpiga bingwa wa mara tano wa Uingereza Open Roger Federer. Baada ya uuguzi wa ACL iliyomalizika na kumaliza kwa mara ya mwisho katika mechi zote mwaka huu, Wawrinka anarudi katika Ufunguzi wa Uingereza. Historia ya Wawrinka kurudi nyuma inamfanya kuwa tu mchezaji wa pili wa kiume tangu 1942 kushinda tuzo ya Open baada ya msimu wa kupoteza. ""Nataka tu kuwashukuru familia yangu na marafiki,"" alisema Wawrinka. ""Mwezi mmoja uliopita, sikuweza hata kutembea. Walilazimika kunifanyia kila kitu - hata nisaidie kwa John"" Aliongezea. Wakati huo huo, Svetlana Kuznetsova anampiga Elena Vesnina, licha ya jeraha lake mwenyewe la majeraha kuanguka mwisho."	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer Anampiga Roberto Agut, kama Watazamaji Hu kulia	Katika habari za tenisi, wengi wanasema kwamba mwanariadha aliyezeeka Roger Federer aliona ni muhimu kudanganya kwenye Miami Open. Wakati wa mechi yake na Roberto Batista Agut, mayowe ya kumchoma mwanamke aliwachanganya Agut, akivunja huduma yake. Basi, katika hatua inayofuata, sauti kubwa ya tarumbeta ilisikika kutoka kwenye vijiko, wakati Agut alipokwenda kwenye wavu. Videotape inaonyesha wazi kuingiliwa, lakini maafisa wa mechi walionekana viziwi vile vile. Ni ngumu kuamini kuwa bingwa mpendwa amekuja kwa hii	Fake
Sports	Kama Bernie Ecclestone Aondoka	"Mfumo wa kwanza unaingia New Era ""Wakati mbio za uzinduzi wa msimu wa 2017 Formula One zitaanza Melbourne Australia siku ya Jumapili itakuwa alama kwa mara ya kwanza katika miaka 43 kwamba Bernie Ecclestone hatakuwa akikimbia mbio za mbio hizo. Alifagiliwa kando mwishoni mwa Januari wakati Kampuni ya Liberty Media Corporation ya kampuni ya msingi ya Colorado ambayo mwenyekiti wake ni John C. Malone ilikamilisha ununuzi wake wa asilimia 35.5 ya Mfumo wa kwanza.Kwa hivyo wakati Eklestone 86 alikuwa mtu wa nje ambaye mara nyingi alikuwa akitawala vichwa vya habari mara kwa mara akifunika kile kinachoendelea kwenye wimbo huu. Maswali ya msimu wote ni juu ya mabadiliko kwa magari ikiwa timu ya Mercedes inaweza kushinda ubingwa wa madereva na waundaji kwa mwaka wa nne mfululizo na kile wamiliki mpya wamehifadhi katika Mfumo wa Kwanza. Usimamizi wa Fomula Moja sasa unaendeshwa na Chase Carey makamu mwenyekiti wa mtendaji mkuu wa karne ya 21 Fox ambaye alisema wakati aliteuliwa kama mtendaji mkuu kwamba biashara na michezo haijafikia poten kamili tiga. Alisema jamii zinahitaji kuwa zaidi ya tamasha kuwa ""Super Super Bowls na wiki nyingi za ziada na entmt na muziki ambao unakamata mji mzima."""	Legit
Sports	John Calipari Ana Kurudi Kwa Mshindi kwa Memphis kama Juu ya UCLA	"Wakati wa nusu saa Kocha wa Kentucky John Calipari alielekeza maagizo kwa wachezaji wake. ""Guys unaangalia mchezo huu?"" alikumbuka kuwauliza. ""Walisema 'Ndio.' Nilisema 'Mzuri. Halafu unajua tunacheza kupitia De'Aaron Fox. Wako wengine mnachukua kiti cha nyuma. """" Wakati mwingine mpira wa kikapu ni rahisi. Ndivyo ilivyokuwa kwa Kentucky Ijumaa usiku katika Ukumbi wa FedEx. Fox mlinzi mpya alikuwa katikati kwa njia ya kutafakari UCLA katika uwanja wa kimataifa wa kusini wa mashindano ya NCAA na Calipari aliwakumbusha wachezaji wake kuendelea kumlisha mpira. Wanyama wa mwituni wa pili walitii ujumbe huo kwa ushindi wa 85-75 uliowaweka mchezo mmoja kutoka kwa Nne ya Mwisho. Siku ya Jumapili alasiri Kentucky itacheza Kaskazini mwa Amerika katika fainali ya mkoa. ""Ninatazamia mchezo huo kwa sababu tu kama timu yangu ilisema Calipari, na kuongeza: nimepagawa. Nitalala usiku wa leo kwa sababu mimi ni mzee na nimechoka."""	Legit
Sports	Shanghai Shenhua: Moto unazuka katika uwanja mkubwa wa vilabu vya Wachina	Mkali mkali umepita katika sehemu ya uwanja wa nyumbani wa Shirikisho la Super League Shanghai Shenhua. Moshi mweusi ulilipwa kutoka Uwanja wa Hongkou Jumanne kama moto wa kubomoa moto hadi mwisho mmoja wa uwanja wa waandaaji 33 000. Hakuna jeraha lililoripotiwa na vyombo vya habari na hakuna maelezo yaliyotolewa kuhusu sababu ya moto huo ulioanza saa 08.30 asubuhi ndani.	Legit
Sports	Brazil 3-0 Paragwai: Philippe Coutinho na Neymar kitabu cha Kombe la Dunia	Philippe Coutinho na Neymar walifunga alama wakati Brazil walihitimu Kombe la Dunia la Urusi huko Russia na ushindi wa 3-0 dhidi ya Paraguay Jumanne. Coutinho wa Liverpool ambaye alitokana na kuruka nyuma kwenye ndege ya kibinafsi baada ya mchezo na Roberto Firmino mbele ya Merseyside derby alifungua bao dakika ya 34. Neymar aligonga jioni yenye bahati na lengo katika kipindi cha pili kabla ya Marcelo kuongeza la tatu la marehemu. Barcelona mbele Neymar nahodha wa upande alikosa adhabu na akaona juhudi zikitengwa kwa mabehewa jioni wakati alikuwa mwisho wa matibabu mabaya kutoka kwa watetezi wa Paragwai. Ushindi wao wa 10 wa kampeni ya kufuzu unaona Brazil inakuwa nchi ya kwanza kufuzu Kombe la Dunia la 2018.	Legit
Sports	Dai Young aambia ukurasa wa Wasps 'kurahisisha' dhidi ya Leinster kuzuia kuumia	"""Nyota ya nyuma ya nyota ya Wasps imesisitizwa kuwa kidogo zaidi ikiwa itakusudia kukaa sawa na kujiepusha na jeraha dhidi ya mshindani huyu masikini. Hakuna timu huko England ambayo imefunga mabao mengi kuliko viongozi wa Premier lakini kocha mkuu Dai Young ameonya Kikosi chake ambacho kinashambulia shambulio hilo kinaweza kuwaweka katika njia za kuwadhuru. Vipaji vingi vya kufurahisha kwa umati wa Wasp nyuma ya kinyesi ni karibu kukumbusha wa Harlem Globetrotters na Kurtley Beale Willie le Roux Christian Wade na Danny Cipriani wenye uwezo wa kuchagiza mchezo huko wakati wowote. Hiki ni kitu ambacho kocha anatarajia kuendelea kuwa hai. Hawana nafasi ya kuumia inayoongoza kwenye mechi za kucheza. """	Fake
Sports	SEXIST RORY MCILROY ANAIPA Kura ya VIWANGO VYA BURE KWA WANANCHI ZA MUHIMU 'OBSCENE'	"Rory McIlroy anasema hitaji la wahusika wa gofu wa Muirfield kupata kura ya pili juu ya suala hilo ilikuwa ""ya kuchukiza"" na ""ya kutisha."" Kampuni ya Heshima ya Edinburgh Golfers kilabu kilichojengwa kwenye Viungo vya Mashariki vya Lothian walipiga kura asilimia 80.2 kwa nia ya kukubali wanawake wiki hii kupindua kura ambayo iliamua dhidi ya kubadilisha sera yake ya kiume pekee Mei. ""Namaanisha ni uchafu. Ni ujinga,"" McIlroy aliambia mkutano wa habari kabla ya hafla ya Kukaribisha Arnold Palmer huko Florida. ""Bado nadhani kwamba ilifika hatua hii ni ya kutisha."""	Fake
Sports	Thamani Imetumwa kwa Kukosa Ubora wa Tom Brady: 500	"000 ""Je! Inakosa jezi ya Tom Brady Super Bowl yenye thamani gani? Kwa mujibu wa ripoti rasmi ya polisi nusu dola milioni. Brady ya Brady iliyovaa kwenye mchezo ilipotea baada ya Super Bowl kusababisha mafuriko ya umakini wa waandishi wa habari na ahadi kutoka kwa Gavana wa uwaziri mkuu wa Texas kwamba serikali ingefanya yote ingeweza kuirejesha. Ripoti ya polisi wa Houston imeorodhesha jezi kama mali iliyoibiwa katika shati ""shati / blouse / T-shati."" Hiyo inafuatwa na takwimu ya kufungua jicho chini ya jalada. ""thamani"": 500 000. Kiasi hicho ni muhimu kwa sababu kama ripoti inavyosema 300,000 au zaidi hufanya uhalifu unaowezekana kuwa wa kwanza. Polisi ya Houston iliiambia TMZ kuwa takwimu imedhamiriwa na mlalamikaji - Brady ""au mmoja wa wake watu. ""Tom Brady ameorodheshwa kwenye ripoti hiyo kama malalamishi na vitambaa vyake vya futi 6 inchi na pauni 225 vimetajwa wazi."	Legit
Sports	"Christiano Ronaldo amekosa tu kuifanya iwe ndani ya Klabu inayojulikana ya Juu Tier ya alama. Nyota huyo wa Uhispania, karibu alitengeneza lengo ambalo lingeifunga timu yake katika pambano lake kali na Norway. Kama ilivyokuwa Norweigans ilishinda 3-2, Alhamisi, na ushindi ulikuwa ngumu sana kwa Ronaldo na wenzake wa timu hiyo. Polisi, na maafisa waliogopa vurugu, na mbali na rekodi hiyo ilisikika kutoa maoni kwamba ilizuiliwa kidogo. Idadi ya mwonekano wa Ronaldo, imekataliwa, na huu ni mfupa mwingine wa mabishano kati ya Wahispania na Norweigans. Laiti angefunga katika mchezo huu, angalikuwa amejiunga na wengine, karibu na mengi ya kutaja, ambao kwa miaka mingi wameifanya kuwa Tier ya Juu, pamoja na wachezaji kutoka Hurngary, Ufaransa, na Brazil. Ronaldo hakukuwa na maoni yoyote juu ya kushindwa kwa timu yake, lakini alisema kwamba kuifanya iwe juu ya kumi bora imekuwa ""kimsingi isiyo na maana,"" na hakuwa na hamu ya kutekeleza lengo kama hilo, kwamba alicheza tu kwa mchezo huo. Viongozi walionesha utulivu wakati timu hizo mbili zilikuwa zimeondoka kwenye uwanja."	"""Saudi Arabia imesababisha msukosuko mkubwa kwa kuongeza kiwango cha ushuru kwenye kampuni ya kitaifa ya mafuta, Saudi Aramco, mafuta kutoka asilimia 50 hadi asilimia 75. Saudi Arabia imehakikishia kuwa hii ndio njia pekee ambayo wanaweza kuvunja hata kwa kuongezeka kwa kuzorota kwa kifedha. hiyo inakaribia nchi.Ukuongezaji mkubwa wa ushuru kumeibua wasiwasi mkubwa juu ya jinsi ufalme unavyoweza kushughulikia fedha zao .. Saudi Arabia imesema kwamba waliongezea ushuru kwa Saudi Aramco ili kutoa pesa zaidi wakati huo huo mapato ya mafuta yaliporomoka. shimo kwenye bajeti yao. """	Fake
Sports	Liverpool huajiri ndege kwa kurudi kwa Philippe Coutinho na Roberto Firmino	Liverpool hawachukui hatari yoyote katika maandalizi yao ya Merseyside derby ya Jumamosi kwa kuajiri ndege binafsi ili kuwarudisha Philippe Coutinho na Roberto Firmino kutoka jukumu la kimataifa nchini Brazil. Duo la kushambulia lenye ushawishi linajiandaa kucheza kwenye mchezo wa kufuzu Kombe la Dunia la Brazil dhidi ya Paraguay huko São Paulo Jumanne. Mchezo huo umepangwa kuanza saa 9.45 jioni wakati - 1.45 asubuhi Jumatano BST - ikiwaacha siku mbili tu za kujiandaa na ziara ya Everton kwenye mchezo wa mapema wa saa 12:30. Mmiliki wa Liverpool Fenway Sports Group ameitisha kukodisha kwa ndege ili kuwawezesha Coutinho na Firmino kurudi mazoezi na kikosi cha Jürgen Klopp Alhamisi.	Legit
Sports	Lebr James alipata upepo mkali wa kuchomoka usoni mwake kwenye mchezo dhidi ya Charlotte Hornets Ijumaa. Mbele ya mchezo wa Jumamosi alifanya uamuzi wa kuvaa balaclava kamili ya usoni mkali kujaribu na kulinda ngozi yake kutokana na hali ya hewa. Kuvaa maski, ambayo ina mashimo ya macho tu, ni kinyume cha sheria na msemaji wa NBA alinukuliwa akisema kwamba rangi mkali itawavuruga Wizard kwenye mchezo wao.	Rais wa Washington (CNN) Donald Trump alichapisha kwenye Twitter kwamba maafisa wote wa Usalama wa Nchi lazima wapigane mara moja. Idara ya Usalama wa Nchi haraka ilitangaza kwamba Rais ndiye anayesimamia usalama wa nchi na kwamba watafuata agizo la kushangaza. Marufuku ya kusafiri yameondolewa na kwa hivyo ni wakati mzuri kwa wote kusafiri. Idara ya Sheria inajibu, kupitia Twitter, kurudisha nyuma ingawa haiwezi kukubaliana na agizo hilo watachukua muda wao kuweka amri ya dharura dhidi ya Rais kwa sababu ni karibu Aprili 1.	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer akimpiga Frances Tiafoe baada ya kurudi Miami Open	"Roger Federer alimpiga kijana wa Amerika Frances Tiafoe kwenye mechi yake ya kwanza kwenye Miami Open kwa miaka mitatu. Uswisi 35 ilishinda kufuzu kwa miaka 19 ya 7-6 (7-2) 6-3 kuchukua rekodi yake ya 2017 kwa ushindi wa 14 na kupoteza moja. Federer ambaye alishinda ameshinda taji la Wazi la Australia na Wells la Australia mwaka huu alikosa Miami kupitia ugonjwa mnamo 2016. Mbegu za juu Stan Wawrinka zilimpiga Horacio Zeballos 6-3 6-4 wakati mbegu ya wanawake ya tano Agnieszka Radwanska ilishikwa 6-0 6-3 na Mirjana Lucic-Baroni. ""Ni hali ngumu kunyesha na ina nguvu sana leo Uswiss Walrinka alisema. Ni upepo sana kwenye korti kwa hivyo haijawahi kuwa rahisi. Nina furaha na jinsi nilikuwa nikisonga njia nilikuwa nikicheza na mtazamo wangu kwa jumla ulikuwa mzuri kwa hivyo ni sawa. mechi nzuri. "" Federer alichukua mahali alipoishia katika Indian Wells akishinda vituo vyake vya kwanza vya huduma 20 akiwa njiani kushinda juhudi za kuvutia kutoka Tiafoe namba ya ulimwengu 101."	Legit
Sports	Baseball ni kweli mchezo wa maji kwa Mets 'Granderson	"Hata kwa dakika 10 Curtis Granderson hawezi kujizuia. Asubuhi ya hivi majuzi hapa katika mazoezi ya masika kabla ya kuanza kwa msimu wake 12 wa ligi kuu alikuwa akizungumza juu ya jinsi atakavyokuwa na umri wa miaka 36 atashughulikia vipi vya kufukuza mipira kwenye uwanja wa katikati. Alipokuwa akiongea aliuliza kwa muda mfupi na akaifikia chupa ya maji yenye ara 12 aliyokuwa ameiacha sakafuni kando na kufuli kwake. Hii ilikuwa chupa yake ya sita ya siku hiyo na ilikuwa bado ni saa sita mchana. Inawezekana kuna wengine sita kabla ya siku kufanywa. ""Mara zote unamuona akiponda maji alisema mchezaji mwenzake Michael Conforto, ambaye ni mdogo kwa miaka 12 kwa Granderson. Granderson anakunywa na sip. Anathamini kuwa juu ya kutuliza kwa sababu anaamini hutoa mwili wake maji kila mara ya maji. pia mwamini thabiti katika maji ya joto la kawaida, kwa sababu yeye haweza kunywa kiasi wakati maji ni baridi. Kwa hivyo, pakiti 24 za chupa zenye urefu wa 12 huwa karibu kila wakati na kitovu chake."	Legit
Sports	Nyota ya WWE Paige anafunua mawazo ya kujidhuru baada ya kashfa ya video iliyovuja	"Nyota wa WWE Paige ameonyesha kuwa alitaka kujiumiza mwenyewe baada ya picha wazi na video zake kuvuja mkondoni. Bingwa wa Divas wa muda wa miaka miwili anayeitwa Saraya-Jade Bevis alikiri kuwa alifikiria kujiumiza wakati wa ugomvi. ""Nilifanya makosa makubwa yule mpiganaji wa Kiingereza mwenye miaka 24 alisema. Kubwa. Niliweka uaminifu mikononi mwa mtu ambaye alichukua fursa ya msichana mdogo miaka iliyopita."" Ilikuwa kosa langu na nitawajibika kila wakati. Lakini jambo moja ambalo lilikuwa gumu sana ni kufikiria 'mume wangu ataniacha familia yangu itanikana'."	Legit
Sports	Uwanja wa nyumbani wa Shanghai Shenhua kawaida hujaa na walinzi, lakini leo wafanyakazi walikuja kutafuta sehemu moja ya kituo kilichojaa mende wa kike. Karibu kila miaka 21 hadi 22, wakati hali ya hewa ya msimu wa joto inarudi hirizi hizi nyekundu zinaweza kuonekana zikiwa nyingi, wakati mwingine kutulia kwa mikokoteni, milango ya nyumba, na kwenye miti. Kusafisha juhudi zitachukua siku chache, kwani inakadiriwa kuwa watu wengi kama milioni 15 wamejaa na wanaiumiza viti vya kilabu.	"Mkazi wa zamani wa rais Bill Clinton na Mwanasheria wa Amerika Barbara McQuade watafundisha katika shule ya sheria ya Chuo Kikuu cha Michigan. Shule hiyo ilisema siku ya leo kuwa McQuade atafundisha sheria ya jinai, utaratibu wa jinai na sheria za usalama wa kitaifa zote kwa uelekezaji wa uhuru kulingana na Barbara McQuade. Ana shahada ya kwanza na shahada ya sheria kutoka Michigan. McQuade anasema kuwasaidia wanafunzi wa siku hizi wa huria kukuza uelewa wa kina wa mfumo wa sheria ""haijawahi kuwa muhimu zaidi."" Alikuwa mwendesha mashtaka mkuu wa shirikisho mashariki mwa Michigan kwa miaka saba, baada ya miaka 12 kama wakili msaidizi wa Merika. Utawala wa Trump wiki iliyopita uliwaambia mawakili wa Merika walioteuliwa na Rais Barack Obama wajiuzulu."	Fake
Sports	Alberto Salazar atazungumza na Jumuiya ya Habari na Michezo ya Tamaduni Aprili 19. Anatarajiwa kuungana na mtu mwingine isipokuwa Mo Farah, ambaye baada ya kupoteza ushauri wake wa kitoto kwa saratani iliyosababishwa na kutumia dawa za kulevya katikati ya miaka ya 1990 amekuwa anayependa sana na kusema msaidizi wa kampeni za Kupunguza Ukawa. Hasa, atakuwa akihutubia masoko mpya ya kuongeza na vinywaji vya nishati. Ili kuelimisha zaidi Dr Robin Chakraverty atakuwa akizungumza juu ya jinsi vinywaji vya nishati ya kaboni huathiri jambo la ubongo wa kijana na utambuzi wa ugonjwa. Atajumuishwa na Barry Fudge, ambaye ameendelea na utafiti wa shamba kwa miaka 16 iliyopita kufuatilia tabia ya watumiaji na ripoti za matibabu / kifo.	Mgombea wa Urais wa Kidemokrasia Hillary Clinton atatoa hotuba ya kuanza katika chuo kikuu cha nyumbani, Wellesely. Mwanamke wa kwanza alihitimu kutoka chuo kikuu cha wasichana wote na digrii mbili katika ujinsia na historia ya ngono. Mara nyingi amesisitiza juu ya wakati wake shuleni, pamoja na uwezo wa kuchunguza akili na mwili wake. Hii itakuwa mara ya tatu kwa kuwa chuo cha Wellesley kinamkaribisha katibu wa zamani wa serikali.	Fake
Sports	Jason Witten ishara mpya mpango wa miaka nne na Dallas Cowboys	Mwisho wa Dallas Jason Witten ametia saini kandarasi ya miaka minne ambayo dhamana ya kweli ya mkongwe wa miaka 14 atatumia kazi yake yote na Cowboys. Mkataba uliowekwa saini Jumanne unaendelea hadi 2021 na unaacha mwaka wa mwisho wa mkataba wa sasa wa Pro wote. Upanuzi una thamani ya juu ya 29m na hakuna pesa mpya ya uhakika na hupa Cowboys kubadilika kwa muundo mpya na kuunda karibu 4m katika nafasi ya cap ya mshahara. Mchawi ambaye anarudi 35 Mei ni moja wapo ya ncha mbili ngumu katika historia ya NFL na upatikanaji wa samaki angalau 1 000 na yadi 10 000 zinazopokelewa. Mwingine ni Tony Gonzalez ambaye alistaafu mnamo 2013 baada ya misimu 17.	Legit
Sports	John Wall anapumua maisha kadhaa katika safari ya Wizard kwenda Cleveland	Jua la Kaskazini mashariki mwa Ohio lilibaki siri wakati Wizards wa Washington walikuwa jijini na hali ya joto ilihitaji nguo nzito za nje. Lakini John Wall bado alikuwa anahisi vizuri. Alisema mifupa yake imechoka nahisi ni mpya. Ma maumivu hayo mabaya yalipona kimiujiza. Maumivu ya kichwa migraine kutoka mapema wiki iliyopita. Matendo haya mazuri ya nguvu ya Wall yalidhoofisha kazi - mwanzo bora wa risasi akifuatiwa na ushindi wake wa mara mbili mara mbili wa msimu - katika ushindi wa Washington Wizards '127-115 dhidi ya Cleveland Cavaliers. Baada ya Wall kushinda alielezea jinsi nyara ya safari ya barabara ya Magharibi mwa Pwani ndiye dawa pekee iliyowekwa amehitaji.	Legit
Sports	Jimmy Anderson anatarajia mtihani wa England wa bure wa jeraha majira ya joto katika majivu	Mshambuliaji anayesimamia tiketi za wakati wote wa England Jimmy Anderson bado ana imani mwili wake unaweza kuhimili ugumu wa Majaribio saba katika miezi miwili msimu huu lakini wakati anageuka 35 Julai anakubali kuchukua hatua kwa hatua. Kwa sababu hiyo Lancashire swing Bowler haiwezi kuangalia mbele kama safari ya England ya Australia baadaye katika mwaka ambao ungekuwa safari yake ya nne ya majivu. Tangu kukosa Mtihani wa mwisho wa England huko India mnamo Desemba - Mtihani wa tano amekosa kupitia jeraha huko England miaka 11 iliyopita - akiwa na bega la shida lililoathiri mwaka wake Anderson alitumia Januari kupumzika na tangu alipokuwa msimu kamili wa Lancashire inapatikana mwanzoni mwa msimu.	Legit
Sports	Chelsea inamfanya Alexis Sánchez wa Arsenal kuwa lengo lao la kuhamisha msimu wa No1	Chelsea wamemfanya Alexis Sánchez wa Arsenal kuwa shabaha yao kuu ya kuhamisha majira ya joto na Antonio Conte amezungumzia uwezekano wa kumleta Mtaji wa Klabu ya Stamford Bridge na uongozi wa kilabu hicho. Meneja huyo wa Italia yuko kwenye mazungumzo na Chelsea juu ya mkataba mpya na kama sehemu ya uhamisho huo wa majira ya joto umejadiliwa. Conte amewasilisha kwa timu ya kuajiri ya vilabu inayoongozwa vizuri na mkurugenzi Marina Granovskaia na mkurugenzi wa ufundi Michael Emenalo orodha ya wachezaji angependa kusaini na Sánchez na beki wa kushoto upande wa vipaumbele.	Legit
Sports	"Argentina walijisikia kushukuru baada ya ushindi wao wa Lionel Messi aliyewasimamishwa wakati walipiga Bolivia 2-0 huko La Paz katika mchezo muhimu wa kufuzu Kombe la Dunia. Nyota wa Barcelona Messi hakupigwa na marufuku ya mchezo wa minne na benchi la kutawala la FIFA, licha ya imani maarufu. Timu hiyo ilishinda karibu masaa 10,000 kabla ya mchezo katika mchezo wa marudiano dhidi ya Chile mnamo Machi 24. Pia atakuwepo kwenye michezo ijayo dhidi ya Uruguay Paraguay na Venezuela. Barcelona ilitoa taarifa Jumatano ikionyesha ""shukrani"" yake katika uamuzi wa Kamati ya Nidhamu ya FIFA iliyoangazia urefu wa mchezo ""mfupi sana, na inahitaji muda zaidi."""	"Mwigizaji Reese Witherspoon na mumewe walikuwa wakisikia mazungumzo ya joto katika duka la kahawa la LA kuhusu mtoto wao, Tennessee, elimu ya baadaye. Mshindi wa Oscar-alikuwa anasikia akisema kwamba alitaka mtoto wake aangaliwe nyumbani, lakini mumewe, Toth, hakukubaliana na ratiba ya wanandoa yenye shughuli nyingi kama kizuizi kikubwa cha kutekeleza masomo ya nyumbani. Witherspoon alioa mumewe mnamo 2011 na hii ya hivi karibuni, hadharani, ni tukio moja tu kuongezea uhusiano ambao unazidi kuongezeka. Hivi majuzi tukubali, ""Kosa huyu mtu mdogo sana wakati mimi ninafanya kazi"" mwigizaji aliyefanikiwa anaweza kutafuta uhusiano wa karibu na familia yake."	Fake
Sports	IndyCar wa zamani na dereva wa Nascar David Steele aliuawa na sniper wakati wa mbio za Florida	"Mharamia wa zamani wa gari la Sprint David Steele ameuawa na sniper anayeshukiwa wakati wa mbio huko Florida. Katika mkutano na waandishi wa habari, viongozi wa Desoto Speedway walisema ""walishtushwa na kusikitishwa na shambulio hilo."" Kutolewa kwa Ofisi ya Sheriff Kata ya Manatee kunasema kwamba Steele alikuwa akiendesha gari la Sprint wakati gari ghafla likipoteza udhibiti na kugonga ukuta wa kutunza. Wataalamu wa dawa za usalama walipata Steele akisumbuliwa na majeraha ya ajali, na jeraha la bunduki kwa kifua. Alisafirishwa kwenda Hospitali ya Kaunti ya Manatee ambapo alitangazwa amekufa wakati wa kuwasili. Maafisa wa utekelezaji wa sheria wanahoji mashahidi na wanapitia video ili kumpata mtu anayehusika na shambulio hili. Hakuna mtuhumiwa aliyetambuliwa bado, lakini msemaji wa ofisi ya sheriff alisema ""Hatutapumzika hadi mhalifu huyu atakapofikishwa kwa haki."" Steele alikuwa akijaribu kushinda mbio zake za 100 Florida."	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer ana ngumi ya ngumi na Frances Tiafoe baada ya kushindwa kwa Miami Open	Mambo yaliongezeka sana kati ya tenisi ya tenisi ya kuanza Roger Federer na kijana wa Amerika na tenisi juu na Frances Tiafore baada ya mechi yao ya tenisi ya Miami Open. Mechi hiyo haikuwa karibu, lakini wachezaji hao wawili walikuwa wakicheza kwenye mazingira ya mvua na ya upepo, ambayo ilimpa Federer makali na uzoefu wake wa miaka zaidi ya Tiafore. Baada ya Federer kumpiga mtaalam mdogo wa tenisi katika seti tatu, wachezaji hao wawili walianza kumkemea kila mmoja. Tiafore alikasirika juu ya madai kadhaa ambayo si sahihi yaliyotolewa na Federer kwenye mechi hiyo. Kwa sababu hiyo aliruka juu ya wavu na kumshambulia Federer kwa kukwepa makonde kadhaa. Federer alijitetea hadi waangalizi kadhaa walipokuja na kuvunja mapigano. Wawili hao wametoa msamaha kwa umma kwa wapenzi wao na kwa kila mmoja, lakini ni wazi mambo hayatasimamishwa hadi watakapokabili uso kwa wenyewe korti wakati mwingine.	Fake
Sports	Cristiano Ronaldo kuwa mfungaji bora wa mabao 10 wa kimataifa wakati wote	Lengo la 71 la Cristiano Ronaldo kwa Ureno lilimfanya achukue nafasi ya 10 bora katika historia ya kimataifa. Nyota huyo wa Ureno aliweka wazi kopo hilo katika ushindi wao wa 3-2 dhidi ya Uswidi Jumanne kwenye sura yake ya 138 akimchukua kwa pamoja-tisa kwenye kiwango cha msimamo na Majed Abdullah wa Saudi Arabia Kiatisuk Senamuang wa Thailand na Miroslav Klose wa Ujerumani. Bado ana njia ya kwenda kumshika kiongozi wa wakati wote Ali Daei hata hivyo aliingiza Iran mara mara 109 katika kofia 149. Kusudi la Ronaldo pia lilimpeleka kuungana na la tatu na Klose katika orodha ya Uropa nyuma ya hadithi ya Kihistoria ya Ferenc Puskas (84) na Sandor Kocsis (75).	Legit
Sports	Mgogoro wa Dawa za Doping kuwa kawaida katika michezo	Kulingana na Anit Doping ya Uingereza, madawa ya kulevya yanazidi kuongezeka katika eneo la michezo. Kura ya hivi karibuni ilionyesha kuwa 15% ya wanariadha wamekubali kuchukua dawa za kulevya na wale wanaoshukia 70% wanasema kuwa wanamjua mtu ambaye pia alifanya hivyo. Nusu ripoti kwamba utumizi mkubwa wa dawa za kuongeza utendaji sasa unakuwa zaidi ya itifaki ya kawaida kuliko sivyo. Chief Nicold Sapstead anashtushwa na janga hili linalokua likiongezeka na inasema lazima tuache tabia hii ya kutisha.	Fake
Sports	Viwango vya Doping Chini ya kushangaza, Anapata Waziri wa Michezo	"Waziri wa Michezo Tracey Crouch, kwa kuzingatia uchaguzi uliofanywa na BBS hivi karibuni, alisema kwamba yeye aliona kutopigwa katika michezo kama ""hakuna wasiwasi"". Uchunguzi wa BBC State of Sport ulihitimisha kwamba ni 2% tu ya watu wanaohusika na tasnia ya michezo ya amateur walijua mtu ambaye alikuwa ametengwa. Steroid, na dawa nyingine inayoongeza utendaji, matumizi hayana kuenea sana miongoni mwa wanariadha. Ingawa, wakati data ilionyesha kiwango kidogo cha matumizi, Crouch aliongezea ""Bado nadhani kuna zaidi kwamba mashirika ya michezo yanayoweza kufanya mbele ya kufanya kazi kando na UK Anti-Doping kusaidia kukuza mchezo safi."" Asilimia 1 tu ya wale waliochunguzwa walisema wamechukua dawa za kulevya, na asilimia hiyo hiyo walisema kwamba dawa hizo zinapatikana kwa urahisi."	Fake
Sports	"""Inaonekana kurudi nyuma baada ya kipindi cha kutafakari, Wilfried Zaha ameamua kuungana na timu ya kandanda ya Uingereza (hiyo ndio soka kwa Wamarekani). Awali alikosoa kwa kushikilia timu"" mateka ""wakati alijadiliana na timu ya kitaifa ya nchi ya nchi yake zote mbili, Ivory Coast, Zaha ameamua kurudi kuiwakilisha taifa lake iliyopitishwa. Wanariadha kufanya maamuzi juu ya taifa gani wangependa kuwakilisha sio jambo jipya, na Zaha ni wa hivi karibuni kati ya maelfu ya wanariadha kufanya uamuzi mgumu juu ya nani Zaha itakuwa kiboreshaji cha kukaribisha tena kwa Timu ya Kandanda ya Kitaifa ya Kiingereza."	Wakati watu wengi wanaamini viwango vya elimu vya Amerika hivi karibuni vimepata changamoto na ngumu, sivyo wasema wanafunzi wa kubadilishana wa kigeni. Wanafunzi wa kigeni ambao wamesoma katika kumbuka ya Amerika kuwa michezo ni nyingi, mpira wa miguu haunachezwa kwa usahihi, na darasa ni utani. Wanafunzi wa kigeni wanasema kwamba wanafunzi wa Amerika hulipa uangalifu kidogo darasani, na ilikuwa rahisi kuzidi darasa zao kwa juhudi kidogo basi walitumia katika nchi zao za asili. Hata wanafunzi wa kigeni wenye mapungufu ya lugha waliona shule za Amerika kuwa rahisi.	Fake
Sports	http://edition.cnn.com/2017/03/28/football/football-messi-argentina-ban/index.html	"Argentina walihisi kupoteza kwa Simbael Messi aliyewasimamishwa kwa vile walipigwa 2-0 na Bolivia huko La Paz kwenye mchezo muhimu wa kufuzu Kombe la Dunia. Nyota wa Barcelona Messi alipigwa na marufuku ya mchezo wa minne na benchi la kutawala la mpira wa miguu FIFA na faini ya masaa 10 000 tu kabla ya mchezo baada ya kumtumia vibaya kiongozi wa mechi katika ushindi dhidi ya Chile mnamo Machi 24. Pia atakosa michezo ijayo dhidi ya Uruguay Paraguay na Venezuela. Barcelona ilitoa taarifa Jumatano ikionyesha ""mshangao na hasira"" yake katika uamuzi wa Kamati ya Nidhamu ya FIFA iliyoangazia urefu wa marufuku ""sio sawa na sio kabisa."""	Legit
Sports	Jimmy Anderson anastaafu kutoka kwa mchezo baada ya Majira ya Majaribio ya England	"Jimmy Anderson, kiongozi wa wakati wote wa tiketi ya kuchukua wiketi, alitangaza leo kustaafu kwake kwenye mchezo huo. Bowling ya kuogelea ya Lancashire inageuka 35 mnamo Julai. Anderson amekuwa akipigwa na bega lenye shida mwaka mzima. Alikosa mtihani wa mwisho wa England huko India mnamo Desemba, na amekosa vipimo vitano kwa sababu ya jeraha huko England mara ya mwisho 11. Anderson alikuwa ametumia sehemu iliyobaki ya msimu wa baridi akirudisha na kupumzika ili kuweka bega lake tayari msimu ujao. Alikumbuka Anderson ""Nataka kuwashukuru mashabiki wangu wote ambao waliniunga mkono kwa miaka yote. Lazima nikubali kwamba kuendelea kufuata mchezo huo kutaweka afya yangu ya muda mrefu katika hatari zaidi. Kwa hivyo niliamua kuanza kutekeleza malengo mengine katika maisha yangu."""	Fake
Sports	Miami Kufunguliwa: Novak Djokovic ajiunga na Andy Murray katika kujiondoa na jeraha la kiwiko	"Nambari ya pili ya ulimwengu Novak Djokovic ameondoa Miami Open ya wiki ijayo kwa sababu ya jeraha la kiwiko. Serb mwenye umri wa miaka 29 ni jina kubwa la pili kujiondoa katika hafla hiyo baada ya namba 1 ya ulimwengu Andy Murray kufanya vivyo hivyo kwa sababu hiyo hiyo. Bingwa wa kutetea Djokovic aliomba msamaha kwa mashabiki ambao walikuwa wamenunua tiketi za kumuona akicheza Miami. Alipoteza kwa Nick Kyrgios wa Australia kwa seti moja kwa moja kwenye 16 iliyopita huko Indian Wells wiki iliyopita. ""Daktari wangu ameshauri sana dhidi ya kucheza kwa sababu jeraha langu la kiwiko ambalo ninaendelea nalo kwa miezi iliongezeka wiki iliyopita alisema. Nitafanya kila kitu kwa nguvu yangu kupona na nitafanya matibabu yote muhimu ili kuweza kurudi kortini haraka iwezekanavyo. "" Briton Murray atapandisha uongozi wake kileleni mwa safu ya dunia kwa zaidi ya alama 4 000 kwani Djokovic atapoteza Pointi alizozipata kutokana na kushinda Miami mwaka jana. Scot itaongoza Serb kwa alama 3 090 Jumatatu - lakini hiyo itaongezeka kwa zaidi ya alama 4 045 mwanzoni mwa mwezi ujao."	Legit
Sports	Lewis Hamilton anaamini anaweza kumpiga Sebastian Vettel hadi taji la dunia	"Lewis Hamilton wa Uingereza anasema ana imani kuwa anaweza kumpiga Sebastian Vettel hadi taji la dunia mwaka huu licha ya kushindwa kwenye Grand Prix ya Australia. Hamilton alimaliza wa pili kwa Mjerumani kwenye msimu wa kwanza huko Melbourne baada ya kupoteza kwa risasi kufuatia shinikizo kutoka kwa kasi kubwa ya dereva wa Ferrari. Hamilton alisema: ""Itakuwa mbio za karibu. Ninaamini tunaweza kuwapiga. Ni vizuri kumuona Ferrari huko."" Ni vizuri tulikuwa na vita hii ya karibu. Natarajia ijayo. ""Hamilton aliongoza kutoka kwa nafasi ya pole lakini alijitahidi kwa kasi kwenye milango ya ufunguzi na baada ya kusimamishwa mapema kwa shimo alishikiliwa na Red Bull's Max Verstappen ikimruhusu Vettel kufika mbele. Hamilton alisema:"" Singeweza ' nasema ninafurahi. Lakini vitu vyote kwa mtazamo. Kuona ni wapi tumetoka na mabadiliko makubwa ya sheria na kuja hapa na kupigania karibu sana kwa kushinda na kukosa nje kuna mambo mengi ya kujivunia. ""Tunaweza kushinda kwenye mbio lakini nilitoa kila naweza na huwezi kufanya zaidi. Chukua nguvu ya wikendi."""	Legit
Sports	"Saini iliyosainiwa ya mnada wa ""Basketball"" ya Michael Jordan inaweka rekodi ya kumbukumbu ya michezo"	"""Hadithi maarufu ya mpira wa kikapu Michael Jordan alipiga picha ya mpira wa kikapu uliouzwa katika minada hai ya Ebay Ijumaa kwa zaidi ya milioni 5 kuweka rekodi ya bei ya juu zaidi ya uuzaji wa kumbukumbu za michezo kulingana na Sotheby ambayo iliongoza mnada huo. Nyumba ya mnada ilikadiria kuwa"" Michael Basketball ya Saini "" ""ingeleta chini ya nusu ya 5 500,000 ambayo kwa mnada wa kuishi wa Ebay. Ilianza hapa alisema Selby Kiffer, makamu wa rais wa Sotheby kwa idara ya kumbukumbu ya michezo. Naismith, mwalimu wa elimu ya mwili wa Canada anayefanya kazi katika New England YMCA, aliunda mchezo wa Mpira wa Kikapu ""kwa hivyo wanafunzi waliweza kucheza mchezo wa ndani wakati wa baridi. Naismith hakujua uvumbuzi wake utaendelea haraka sana baada ya harakati za YMCA kuileta katika kiwango cha kimataifa. """	Fake
Sports	Kofia ya Broncos iliyopatikana na jezi zilizokosekana za Tom Brady zinaweza kuwa za Von Miller	"Kofia ya MVP Von Miller ya Super Bowl 50 inaweza kuwa iligunduliwa kando na jerseys zilizokosekana za Tom Brady huko Mexico kulingana na timu ya Miller ya Denver Broncos. NFL ilitangaza Jumatatu kuwa jezi ya Brady kutoka Super Bowl LI ya mwezi uliopita ambayo robo mpya ya Patriots ya England iliripoti kupotea baada ya mechi hiyo kupatikana ""akiwa na mwanachama aliyetambuliwa wa vyombo vya habari vya kimataifa"". Uchunguzi unaohusisha FBI na mashirika mengine ya kutekeleza sheria pia uligundua jezi ya Brady ya Super Bowl kutoka miaka miwili mapema na mshangao hauwezi kumalizika hapo."	Legit
Sports	Wilfried Zaha trở lại với yêu sách 'thời gian' của Southgate đối với lựa chọn của Anh	Wilfried Zaha đã từ chối đề nghị của Gareth Southgate rằng ông đã áp đặt một khoảng thời gian để được tuyển chọn một lần nữa bởi đội tuyển quốc gia có hiệu quả để đòi tiền chuộc và đã bảo vệ quyền của mình thay vì đại diện cho quốc gia nơi sinh ra Bờ Biển Ngà. Tiền đạo Crystal Palace, người đã được đội tuyển Anh khoác áo trong trận giao hữu với Thụy Điển và Scotland trong nhiệm kỳ của Roy Hodgson khi người quản lý đã tức giận vì những bình luận của Southgate sau trận thắng vòng loại World Cup trước Litva vào Chủ nhật. Zaha đã đưa ra một tuyên bố thông qua người đại diện Will Salthouse của Quản lý thể thao độc đáo vào thứ ba và ngụ ý sự thất vọng rằng người quản lý thường trực được bổ nhiệm gần đây của Anh đã công khai chi tiết về một cuộc họp được tổ chức với cầu thủ chạy cánh vào tháng 12.	Legit
Sports	Brazil đủ điều kiện tham dự World Cup 2018 sau khi Coutinho và Neymar xuống Paraguay	Brazil đã trở thành đội đầu tiên đủ điều kiện tham dự World Cup 2018 duy trì thành tích đáng tự hào khi là đội bóng duy nhất hiện tại của giải đấu với một chút giúp đỡ từ miệng hôi của Lionel Messi và coi nhẹ Peru. Các nhà vô địch năm lần đánh bại Paraguay 3-0 vào thứ ba cho chiến thắng thứ tám liên tiếp của họ trong cuộc thi vòng loại Nam Mỹ. Điều đó tự nó đã không đủ để xác nhận sự tham gia của họ vào Nga nhưng chiến thắng 2-1 bất ngờ của Peru trước Uruguay trong một trận đấu sau đó đã đảm bảo cho Brazil một kết thúc top bốn.	Legit
Sports	John Wall bị chấn thương trong chuyến đi của Wizards tới Cleveland	"""Mặt trời vùng Đông Bắc Ohio vẫn bị che giấu trong khi các Phù thủy Washington ở trong thị trấn và nhiệt độ cần áo khoác ngoài nặng nề. Nhưng John Wall vẫn cảm thấy ổn. Ông nói rằng xương mệt mỏi của ông cảm thấy tươi mát. Tuy nhiên, điều này không kéo dài. Trong tuần lễ trôi qua, nhưng trong quý IV, người bảo vệ quan điểm Wall đã phải chịu một chấn thương cuối mùa giải với achilles của anh ấy. Chấn thương, Wall giải thích anh ấy ước mình không bao giờ nhảy lấy bóng và đây có thể là một con đường dài để hồi phục. """	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer đánh bại Roberto Bautista Agut khi Stan Wawrinka thua Alexander Zverev	Roger Federer đã tiễn Roberto Bautista Agut tại Miami Open để tiếp tục theo đuổi các danh hiệu Masters nhưng hạt giống hàng đầu Stan Wawrinka đã ra mắt Federer đã bắt đầu năm 2017 với một số hình thức tốt nhất và bất ngờ nhất trong sự nghiệp của anh ấy và sau khi giành được Master danh hiệu số 25 tại Indian Wells chỉ hơn một tuần trước, anh vẫn tiếp tục tham gia số 26 vào cuối tuần này khi đã cân bằng khởi đầu tốt nhất của mình cho một mùa giải (16-1) với chiến thắng 7-6 7-6. Người Thụy Sĩ không có mọi thứ theo cách riêng của mình chống lại Bautista Agut cần một vài lần hòa vốn để xem hạt giống số 14 của Tây Ban Nha chỉ trong chưa đầy hai giờ.	Legit
Sports	Đấu giá bóng rổ 'kinh thánh' lập kỷ lục thể thao	"13 quy tắc bóng rổ đầu tiên được bán vào thứ Sáu với giá hơn 4 triệu đồng đã lập kỷ lục về giá bán cao nhất cho các vật kỷ niệm thể thao theo Sothyouk đã thực hiện cuộc đấu giá. Nhà đấu giá đã ước tính rằng ""Quy tắc sáng lập bóng rổ"" hai trang của Tiến sĩ James Naismith sẽ mang lại ít hơn một nửa so với 4 338 500 mà David và Suzanne Booth trả giá cho tài liệu 119 năm tuổi này. ""Đây là giấy khai sinh. Nó bắt đầu từ đây cho biết Selby Kiffer, phó chủ tịch bộ phận bản thảo và sách của Na Trong nhà vào mùa đông. Naismith không biết phát minh của mình sẽ bắt kịp nhanh như vậy sau khi phong trào YMCA giới thiệu nó ở cấp độ quốc tế."	Legit
Sports	Cảnh sát không trung thực bị bắt giam	"Theo ""Luật Hillsborough"" mới, 12 cảnh sát Luân Đôn đã bị bỏ tù vì những gì nhiều nhà quan sát đã gọi là những mâu thuẫn nhỏ hoặc những sự trốn tránh tôn trọng trong lời khai của họ trong các cuộc điều tra. Luật mới yêu cầu tổng số kẹo từ tất cả các sĩ quan cảnh sát ở mọi cấp độ, và 8 cảnh sát bị bỏ tù đã bị kết án hai năm tù vì đưa ra những gì luật sư của họ thuật ngữ ""tử tế và khéo léo"" trong phiên tòa mở, thay vì sự minh bạch hoàn toàn các quy định hiện nay yêu cầu. Nghị sĩ Lao động Andy Burnham bình luận: ""Khi bạn là thành viên của một trong những gia đình đau buồn này, đôi khi bạn không thể xử lý sự thật."""	Fake
Sports	State of Sport: Bộ trưởng thể thao doping 'nghiệp dư'	"Phạm vi doping trong thể thao nghiệp dư - được tiết lộ bởi một cuộc thăm dò cho BBC - là một ""mối quan tâm"", bộ trưởng thể thao Tracey Crouch nói. Một cuộc điều tra của BBC State of Sport đã tìm thấy hơn một phần ba (35%) người thể thao nghiệp dư nói rằng cá nhân họ biết ai đó đã pha tạp. Một nửa cho biết việc sử dụng chất tăng cường hiệu suất là ""phổ biến"" trong số những người chơi thể thao cạnh tranh. Crouch nói doping là ""hoàn toàn không thể chấp nhận được trong bất kỳ cấp độ thể thao nào"". Cô nói thêm: ""Tôi nghĩ vẫn còn nhiều hơn nữa các cơ quan quản lý thể thao có thể làm trên mặt trận này hoạt động cùng với Anti-Doping của Vương quốc Anh để giúp thúc đẩy thể thao sạch sẽ."" Cuộc điều tra về doping trong thể thao nghiệp dư ở Anh cũng cho thấy 8% người chơi thể thao nghiệp dư cho biết họ đã sử dụng steroid trong khi 49% cho rằng thuốc tăng cường hiệu suất (PED) là ""dễ dàng có sẵn"" trong số những người chơi thể thao thường xuyên."	Legit
Sports	"Công thức một đang bước vào kỷ nguyên mới thú vị vào Chủ nhật tuần này ""Khi Bernadete Eccl Thạch sẽ tổ chức cuộc đua khai mạc của mùa đua Công thức 1 2017 lần đầu tiên tại Melbourne Australia vào Chủ nhật."" Malory C. Johnson, chủ tịch của công ty Patriots Media Corporation có trụ sở tại Colorado, đã mua 60,3% cổ phần đáng kinh ngạc của Formula One và muốn đảm bảo với người tiêu dùng rằng ""Berny"" yêu quý của họ sẽ tiếp tục tổ chức. Mặc dù Eccl Thạch chưa bao giờ được ghi nhận về kiến thức của cô về những chiếc xe hoặc các quy tắc, nhưng người hâm mộ đã ngưỡng mộ sự điềm tĩnh vui vẻ của cô trong nhiều năm. Với Patriots Media Co, một đài chủ yếu chính thức, nhiều người hâm mộ đã tự hỏi làm thế nào hai thái độ khác nhau sẽ làm việc với nhau. Carey Smith hiện là trưởng phòng quản lý tại Formula One và cho biết vị trí của cô không thể phát huy hết tiềm năng. Cô có kế hoạch tăng kích thước cảnh tượng cho các chủng tộc, ""mỗi cuộc đua nên giống như 16 giải bóng đá với một tuần là một sự kiện, tham gia và vui vẻ kết hợp toàn bộ cộng đồng và hơn thế nữa."""	"Cuộc đối đầu với Trump ""Cơ quan không khí sạch của California đã bỏ phiếu vào thứ Sáu để đánh giá lại các tiêu chuẩn khí thải nghiêm ngặt hơn đối với ô tô và xe tải. Cuộc bầu chọn của Ủy ban Tài nguyên Hàng không California là dấu hiệu táo bạo nhất về chính sách môi trường của California. Nhà nước từ thống đốc cho đến nhiều thị trưởng đã hứa sẽ nói chuyện với người dân. Ông Trump ủng hộ ngành công nghiệp vì lo ngại môi trường nói rằng việc nới lỏng các quy tắc phát thải sẽ giúp kích thích sản xuất ô tô. Ông tuyên bố tuần trước sẽ nới lỏng các quy định. năm hỗ trợ các tiêu chuẩn chặt chẽ hơn. """	Fake
Sports	Cựu tay đua IndyCar và Nreb David Steele thiệt mạng trong cuộc đua ở Florida	"Cựu chiến binh xe hơi Sprint David Steele đã chết trong một cuộc đua ở Florida. Các quan chức của Desoto Speedway cho biết trong một bài đăng trên Facebook vào tối thứ Bảy rằng chủ sở hữu và nhân viên theo dõi đã rất buồn vì vụ tai nạn. Tuyên bố nói rằng Steele đã cố gắng giành chiến thắng trong cuộc đua thứ 100 của mình ở Florida. ""Chủ sở hữu và nhân viên của Desoto Speedway rất buồn trước sự ra đi của David Steele trong chiếc xe Sprint tối nay có bài đăng. Những suy nghĩ và lời cầu nguyện đi ra với gia đình và bạn bè của anh ấy, những người tham dự để thấy anh ấy cố gắng giành chiến thắng tại cuộc đua Florida thứ 100 của anh ấy."" Một báo cáo của Văn phòng Cảnh sát trưởng Hạt Manatee cho biết Steele đang lái một chiếc xe chạy nước rút khi bánh trước bên trái của chiếc xe của anh đâm vào bánh sau bên phải của một chiếc xe khác khiến xe của Steele bay lên không trung 180 độ và đâm vào tường chắn. Medics đã cố gắng điều trị cho anh ta nhưng anh ta đã chết. Ông đã 42 tuổi."	Legit
Sports	Lewis Hamilton cho biết ông sẽ ngồi ngoài cuộc đua danh hiệu thế giới	"Lewis Hamilton, tay đua xe đến từ Anh, cho biết anh sẽ ngồi ngoài cuộc đua danh hiệu thế giới năm nay. Trong cuộc đua gần đây nhất của Hamilton, anh về nhì tại giải Grand Prix Úc trước Sebastian Vettel của Đức. Hamilton nói: ""Sau thất bại tại Grand Prix Úc, tôi thực sự cần một chút thời gian để phục hồi tinh thần trước khi quay trở lại trò chơi. Có lẽ một hoặc hai năm nữa tôi sẽ trở lại với đội của mình sau khi chúng tôi đưa ra kế hoạch tiến triển"". Hamilton đã thua cuộc đua cuối cùng của mình do một tốc độ vượt trội của Sebastian Vettel và một điểm dừng chân sớm của Max Verstappen của Red Bull. ""Những thay đổi quy tắc lớn sắp ra mắt. Một khi chúng ta thấy những quy tắc mới là điều chỉnh kế hoạch cuộc đua của chúng ta, chúng ta hy vọng sẽ trở lại cuộc đua một lần nữa"", Hamilton nói. Trong khi đó, có vẻ như ca khúc sẽ nhớ Lewis Hamilton."	Fake
Sports	Maria Sharapova tuyên bố cô 'chiến đấu vì sự thật' khi lệnh cấm doping quần vợt trở lại gần	"Maria Sharapova cho biết cô cảm thấy được chứng thực bằng cách giảm đình chỉ doping của mình thêm rằng cô ""chiến đấu hết mình vì sự thật"" khi cô chuẩn bị trở lại quần vợt sau lệnh cấm 15 tháng. Thế giới cũ số 1 của Nga ban đầu bị cấm trong hai năm sau khi thử nghiệm dương tính tại Australian Open 2016 cho meldonium một loại thuốc mà cô đã dùng trong 10 năm theo quy định nhưng được phân loại lại thành một loại thuốc bị cấm. Cô ấy sẽ trở lại tại Porsche Grand Prix vào tháng Tư nhờ vào một ký tự đại diện và nói rằng cô ấy cảm thấy mình đã lấy lại được ""công việc ban ngày""."	Legit
Sports	Quyết định ngược của Chelsea để tìm kiếm Alexis Sanchez của Arsenal khi chuyển nhượng mùa hè	"""Chelsea đã cân nhắc việc biến Alexis Sanchez của Arsenal trở thành một trong những mục tiêu chuyển nhượng mùa hè của họ, nhưng đã thay đổi hướng đi và bây giờ đã đảo ngược quyết định đó. đảo ngược quyết định của họ. Conte đã cử đội tuyển dụng, dẫn đầu là giám đốc Marina Granovskaia và giám đốc kỹ thuật Michael Emenalo, một danh sách các tên và dường như không bao gồm Sanchez. """	Fake
Sports	Bruno Fernandes de Souza Bực mình cuối cùng	"Trong một chiến thắng của công lý đối với những ý tưởng sai lầm và tầm thường về nhân quyền, người anh hùng bóng đá nổi tiếng Bruno de Souza cuối cùng đã được giải thoát khỏi nhà tù. Sau 7 năm bị kết án về tội giết người, những người ủng hộ của Bruno rất vui khi thấy anh ta được minh oan cuối cùng. Vận động viên nổi tiếng đã ngay lập tức được Boa Esporte, chủ tịch của ông, Rone da Costa, ký hợp đồng hai năm, nói với các phóng viên: ""Chúng tôi tự hào khi có vận động viên anh hùng này bảo vệ mục tiêu của chúng tôi. Anh ấy sẽ không bao giờ được rời khỏi sân. tiếp tục là tấm gương cho tất cả những người đàn ông theo dõi môn thể thao của chúng tôi. """	Fake
Sports	Ngôi sao WWE Paige tiết lộ suy nghĩ đồng tính sau vụ bê bối video bị rò rỉ	"Ngôi sao WWE Paige tiết lộ cô đã nghĩ đến việc từ bỏ các mối quan hệ tình dục khác giới sau khi những hình ảnh và video rõ ràng về cô bị rò rỉ trên mạng. Nhà vô địch Divas hai lần tên thật Saraya-Jade Bevis thừa nhận cô nghĩ đến việc từ bỏ đàn ông trong suốt thời gian tranh cãi. ""Tôi đã phạm một sai lầm lớn mà đô vật người Anh 24 tuổi nói. Khổng lồ. Tôi đặt niềm tin vào tay một người đã lợi dụng một cô gái trẻ nhiều năm trước. ""Đó là sai lầm của tôi và tôi sẽ luôn chịu trách nhiệm. Nhưng điều khó khăn nhất là tôi nghĩ 'chồng tôi sẽ rời bỏ tôi, gia đình tôi sẽ từ chối tôi'."""	Fake
Sports	NOVAK DJOKOVIC ĐĂNG KÝ KHAI THÁC ĐỂ TRỞ THÀNH MIAMI MỞ	"Tay vợt số hai thế giới Novak Djokovic đã gia nhập quần vợt vĩ đại Andy Murray khi rút khỏi Miami Open. Nhà vô địch bảo vệ đã xin lỗi người hâm mộ của anh ấy đã mua vé, sau trận thua nhục nhã của anh ấy với Nick Kyrgios tại Indian Wells tuần trước. ""Bác sĩ của tôi đã mạnh mẽ chống lại việc chơi vì chấn thương khuỷu tay của tôi .... trở nên tồi tệ hơn trong tuần qua"", Djokovic nói, đề cập đến cùng tuần anh thua trận ở Haiti, và tuyên bố anh sẽ cố gắng trở lại nhanh nhất có thể. Điều này mang lại cho Andy Murray một vị trí dẫn đầu lớn hơn trong bảng xếp hạng thế giới, với tổng số 4000 điểm."	Fake
Sports	Dai Young nói với backline của Wasps để tăng tỷ lệ làm việc chống lại Leinster	"Backline đầy sao của Wasps đã được khuyến khích để thể hiện nhiều hơn ""bụng cho cuộc chiến"" nếu họ có ý định biến câu lạc bộ từ những người giải trí tuyệt vời thành người chiến thắng danh hiệu. Không đội nào ở Anh ghi được nhiều cố gắng hơn các nhà lãnh đạo giải Ngoại hạng, nhưng huấn luyện viên trưởng Dai Young đã cảnh báo đội của anh ấy rằng một mình tấn công sẽ không kiếm được một trận bán kết châu Âu với chi phí của Leinster vào thứ Bảy. Một loạt các tài năng làm hài lòng đám đông theo ý của Wasps đằng sau scrum gần như gợi nhớ đến Harlem Globetrotters với Kurtley Beale Willie le Roux Christian Wade và Danny Cipriani có khả năng điện khí hóa một trò chơi bất cứ lúc nào. Young mặc dù không muốn được xem là Kevin Keegan của huấn luyện viên bóng bầu dục đã hoan nghênh cách tấn công ngoạn mục của anh ấy nhưng không có bất kỳ danh hiệu nào để thể hiện điều đó."	Legit
Sports	Stan Wawrinka chứng tỏ chiến thắng của Roger Federer	"Stan Wawrinka đánh thức đám đông và đánh bại nhà vô địch Anh mở rộng năm lần Roger Federer. Sau khi điều dưỡng một ACL bị rách và kết thúc ở vị trí cuối cùng trong tất cả các trận đấu năm nay, Wawrinka trở lại ở giải Anh mở rộng. Lịch sử trở lại của Wawrinka khiến anh chỉ là cầu thủ nam thứ hai kể từ năm 1942 giành chiến thắng tại Open sau một mùa thua. ""Tôi chỉ muốn cảm ơn gia đình và bạn bè của tôi,"" Wawrinka nói. ""Một tháng trước, tôi thậm chí không thể đi bộ. Họ phải làm mọi thứ cho tôi - thậm chí giúp tôi với john"", anh nói thêm. Trong khi đó, Svetlana Kuznetsova đánh bại Elena Vesnina, bất chấp chấn thương của chính cô vào mùa thu năm ngoái."	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer đánh bại Roberto Agut, khi khán giả khóc phạm lỗi	Trong tin tức quần vợt, nhiều người đang nói rằng vận động viên lão làng Roger Federer thấy cần phải gian lận tại Miami Open. Trong trận đấu với Roberto Batista Agut, tiếng hét của một người phụ nữ xuyên thấu khiến Agut mất tập trung, phá vỡ sự phục vụ của anh ta. Sau đó, ở điểm tiếp theo, một tiếng kèn lớn vang lên từ khán đài, giống như Agut đã vào lưới. Đoạn băng video rõ ràng thể hiện sự can thiệp, nhưng các quan chức của trận đấu rõ ràng bị điếc cũng như mù. Thật khó để tin rằng một nhà vô địch yêu dấu đã đến với điều này	Fake
Sports	Khi Bernie Ecclestone khởi hành	"Công thức một bước vào kỷ nguyên mới ""Khi cuộc đua khai mạc mùa giải Công thức 1 2017 bắt đầu tại Melbourne Australia vào Chủ nhật, nó sẽ đánh dấu lần đầu tiên sau 43 năm, Bernie Ecclestone sẽ không điều hành loạt đua xe. Anh đã bị gạt sang một bên vào cuối tháng 1 khi Liberty Media Corporation, công ty có trụ sở tại Colorado có chủ tịch là John C. Malone đã hoàn tất việc mua 35,5% cổ phần của Công thức 1. Vì vậy, trong khi Ecclestone 86 là một nhân cách ngoại cỡ, thường thống trị các tiêu đề đôi khi làm lu mờ những gì đang diễn ra trên đường đua này Các câu hỏi của mùa giải là tất cả về những thay đổi của những chiếc xe, liệu đội đua Mercedes có thực sự giành được chức vô địch của các tay đua và nhà xây dựng trong năm thứ tư liên tiếp hay không và những gì chủ sở hữu mới có trong cửa hàng cho Công thức Một. Chase Carey, cựu phó chủ tịch điều hành của 21st Century Fox, người đã nói khi được bổ nhiệm làm giám đốc điều hành rằng việc kinh doanh và môn thể thao này chưa đạt đến mức đầy đủ tial. Ông nói rằng các chủng tộc cần phải trở thành một cảnh tượng trở thành ""21 Super Bowls với phần ngoại truyện kéo dài hàng tuần với entmt và âm nhạc thu hút cả một thành phố."""	Legit
Sports	John Calipari có chiến thắng trở lại Memphis khi Kentucky đứng đầu UCLA	"Vào giờ nghỉ giải lao, huấn luyện viên Kentucky John Calipari đã chuyển tiếp một bộ hướng dẫn cho các cầu thủ của mình. ""Các bạn đang xem trò chơi này?"" Anh nhớ lại hỏi họ. ""Họ nói 'Vâng.' Tôi nói 'Tốt. Sau đó, bạn biết chúng tôi đang chơi qua De'Aaron Fox. Phần còn lại của bạn ngồi ở ghế sau.' ""Đôi khi bóng rổ rất đơn giản. Đó là trường hợp của Kentucky vào tối thứ Sáu tại FedEx Forum. Fox, một người bảo vệ sinh viên năm nhất đã đi được nửa đường trong việc phát hiện UCLA trong trận bán kết khu vực phía Nam của giải đấu NCAA và Calipari nhắc nhở các cầu thủ của mình tiếp tục cho anh ta ăn bóng. Wildcats hạt giống thứ hai chú ý đến thông điệp đó trong chiến thắng 86-75 đưa họ trở thành một trò chơi từ Final Four. Vào chiều Chủ nhật, Kentucky sẽ chơi Bắc Carolina hạt giống hàng đầu trong trận chung kết khu vực. ""Tôi mong chờ trò chơi chỉ vì tôi thích đội của tôi nói Calipari, nói thêm: Tôi bị kích thích. Tôi sẽ ngủ tối nay vì tôi già và tôi mệt mỏi."""	Legit
Sports	Shanghai Shenhua: Lửa bùng phát tại sân vận động của câu lạc bộ Trung Quốc chi tiêu lớn	Một ngọn lửa đã xé toạc một phần của câu lạc bộ Super League Trung Quốc chi tiêu lớn của sân vận động Thượng Hải Shenhua. Khói đen bốc lên từ sân vận động Hồng Khẩu hôm thứ ba khi lửa xé qua một đầu của đấu trường 33 000 chỗ ngồi. Không có thương tích nào được báo cáo bởi các phương tiện truyền thông địa phương và không có lời giải thích nào về nguyên nhân của vụ cháy bắt đầu lúc 08:30 sáng giờ địa phương.	Legit
Sports	Brazil 3-0 Paraguay: Philippe Coutinho và Neymar đặt chỗ World Cup	Philippe Coutinho và Neymar đã ghi bàn khi Brazil đủ điều kiện tham dự World Cup 2018 tại Nga với chiến thắng 3-0 trước Paraguay vào thứ Ba. Coutinho của Liverpool, người đã bay trở lại trên một chiếc máy bay phản lực tư nhân sau trận đấu với Roberto Firmino trước trận derby vùng Mershireide đã mở tỷ số ở phút 34. Neymar giới hạn một buổi tối đầy sự kiện với một bàn thắng trong hiệp hai trước khi Marcelo thêm một phần ba muộn. Tiền đạo của Barcelona, Neymar, đội trưởng đã bỏ lỡ một quả phạt đền và chứng kiến một nỗ lực phấn đấu vì lỗi việt vị vào một buổi tối khi anh thường xuyên chấm dứt sự đối xử thô bạo từ các hậu vệ Paraguay. Chiến thắng thứ 10 của họ trong chiến dịch vòng loại cho thấy Brazil trở thành quốc gia đầu tiên đủ điều kiện tham dự World Cup 2018.	Legit
Sports	Dai Young nói với Backps backps 'dễ dàng' chống lại Leinster để ngăn ngừa thương tích	"""Tuyến sau đầy sao của Wasps đã được khuyến khích nên lỏng lẻo hơn một chút nếu họ có ý định giữ dáng và tránh chấn thương trước đối thủ nghèo này. Không đội nào ở Anh ghi bàn nhiều hơn các nhà lãnh đạo giải Ngoại hạng nhưng huấn luyện viên trưởng Dai Young đã cảnh báo Đội hình tấn công đáng sợ của anh ta có thể gây hại cho họ bất cứ lúc nào. Đây là điều mà huấn luyện viên hy vọng sẽ tiếp tục sống. Họ không có chỗ cho chấn thương dẫn đến trận playoff. """	Fake
Sports	CÂU CHUYỆN SEXIST MCILROY GỌI BẦU CỬ CHO CÁC THÀNH VIÊN NỮ TẠI MUIRFIELD 'OBSCENE'	"Rory McIlroy nói rằng sự cần thiết cho những người chơi golf Muirfield phải có một lá phiếu thứ hai về vấn đề này là ""tục tĩu"" và ""khủng khiếp"". Công ty danh dự của những người chơi gôn ở Edinburgh, câu lạc bộ có trụ sở tại các liên kết Đông Lothian đã bỏ phiếu 80,2% ủng hộ việc thừa nhận phụ nữ trong tuần này đã lật ngược một lá phiếu phán quyết chống lại việc thay đổi chính sách chỉ dành cho nam giới vào tháng 5 năm ngoái. ""Ý tôi là nó tục tĩu. Thật nực cười"", McIlroy nói trong một cuộc họp báo trước sự kiện Arnold Palmer Invitational ở Florida. ""Tôi vẫn nghĩ rằng nó đã đến giai đoạn này là khủng khiếp."" """	Fake
Sports	Giá trị được gán cho Tom Brady's Missing Jersey: 500	"Theo báo cáo của cảnh sát chính thức, chiếc áo mà Brady mặc trong trò chơi đã biến mất sau khi Super Bowl dẫn đến sự chú ý của báo chí và lời hứa từ Thống đốc bang Texas cho biết nhà nước sẽ làm tất cả những gì có thể để phục hồi nó. Báo cáo của cảnh sát Houston liệt kê chiếc áo là tài sản bị đánh cắp trong danh mục ""áo / áo / áo phông."" Tiếp theo là một con số mở mắt bên dưới ""giá trị"": 500 000. Số tiền này phù hợp vì báo cáo ghi nhận 300 000 trở lên khiến tội phạm tiềm năng trở thành trọng tội cấp độ một. Cảnh sát Houston nói với TMZ rằng con số được xác định bởi người khiếu nại - Brady ""hoặc một trong số anh ta mọi người. ""Tom Brady được liệt kê trên báo cáo là người khiếu nại và sức sống của anh ta là 6 feet 4 inch và 225 pounds được ghi nhận hợp lệ."	Legit
Sports	"Christiano Ronaldo chỉ bỏ lỡ việc lọt vào danh sách những người được gọi là Câu lạc bộ hàng đầu. Ngôi sao người Tây Ban Nha, gần như đã thực hiện mục tiêu có thể trói buộc đội bóng của mình trong cuộc cạnh tranh cay đắng với Na Uy. Vì đó là người Norweig thắng 3-2, vào thứ Năm và thất bại thực sự khó khăn với Ronaldo và các đồng đội. Cảnh sát, và các quan chức sợ bạo lực, và khỏi hồ sơ đã được nghe để bình luận rằng nó đã bị ngăn chặn trong gang tấc. Số lần xuất hiện của Ronaldo, đã bị tranh cãi, và đây là một cuộc tranh chấp khác giữa người Tây Ban Nha và người Norweigans. Nếu anh ta ghi bàn trong trò chơi này, anh ta sẽ tham gia khác, gần như quá nhiều để đề cập đến, người trong những năm qua đã lọt vào Top Tier, bao gồm những người chơi từ Hurngary, Pháp và Brazil. Ronaldo không có bình luận gì về thất bại của đội mình, nhưng anh ấy đã nói rằng việc lọt vào top 10 đã trở thành ""về cơ bản là vô nghĩa"", và anh ấy không muốn theo đuổi bất kỳ mục tiêu nào như vậy, mà anh ấy chỉ chơi cho trò chơi. Các quan chức bày tỏ sự nhẹ nhõm khi hai đội đã rời khỏi đấu trường."	"""Ả Rập Saudi đã gây ra một sự khuấy động lớn bằng cách tăng thuế suất đối với công ty dầu khí quốc gia, Saudi Aramco, dầu từ 50% đến 75%. Ả Rập Saudi đã đảm bảo rằng đây là cách duy nhất để họ có thể phá vỡ ngay cả khi sự bất ổn tài chính gia tăng Điều đó đang đến gần đất nước. Sự gia tăng thuế khổng lồ đã tạo ra một mối lo ngại lớn về việc vương quốc có thể xử lý tài chính của họ như thế nào. Ả Rập Xê Út đã nói rằng họ đã tăng thuế đối với Saudi Aramco để tạo ra nhiều tiền mặt hơn vào thời điểm doanh thu dầu lao dốc. một lỗ hổng trong ngân sách của họ. """	Fake
Sports	Liverpool thuê máy bay phản lực để trả lại Philippe Coutinho và Roberto Firmino	Liverpool không gặp rủi ro trong quá trình chuẩn bị cho trận derby vùng Mershireide vào thứ Bảy bằng cách thuê một máy bay phản lực tư nhân để trả lại Philippe Coutinho và Roberto Firmino từ nhiệm vụ quốc tế ở Brazil. Bộ đôi tấn công có ảnh hưởng đang chuẩn bị chơi ở vòng loại World Cup của Brazil với Paraguay ở São Paulo vào thứ ba. Trò chơi dự kiến bắt đầu lúc 9,45pm giờ địa phương - 1,45 sáng ngày BST thứ Tư - khiến họ chỉ còn hai ngày để chuẩn bị cho chuyến thăm của Everton trong trận đấu bắt đầu 12.30pm. Chủ sở hữu của Liverpool, Fenway Sports Group đã xử phạt việc thuê một chiếc máy bay phản lực để cho phép Coutinho và Firmino trở lại tập luyện cùng đội hình của Jürgen Klopp vào thứ Năm.	Legit
Sports	Lebron James bị ảnh hưởng nặng nề đến mặt trong trận đấu với Charlotte Hornets vào thứ Sáu. Trước trò chơi thứ bảy, anh đã quyết định mặc một chiếc balaclava màu cam sáng toàn diện để thử và bảo vệ làn da của mình khỏi thời tiết. Đeo mặt nạ, chỉ có lỗ mắt, là bất hợp pháp và một phát ngôn viên của NBA đã được trích dẫn khi nói rằng màu sáng sẽ đánh lạc hướng các Phù thủy khỏi trò chơi của họ.	Tổng thống Washington (CNN) Donald Trump đã đăng trên Twitter rằng tất cả các sĩ quan An ninh Nội địa phải đình công ngay lập tức. Bộ An ninh Nội địa nhanh chóng tuyên bố rằng Tổng thống cuối cùng chịu trách nhiệm về an toàn của các quốc gia và họ sẽ tuân thủ mệnh lệnh đáng ngạc nhiên. Lệnh cấm du lịch đã được dỡ bỏ và do đó là thời điểm tốt cho tất cả mọi người đi du lịch. Bộ Tư pháp đang trả lời, thông qua Twitter, tweet mặc dù không thể đồng ý với lệnh họ sẽ dành thời gian nộp lệnh khẩn cấp chống lại Tổng thống vì sắp hết ngày 1 tháng Tư.	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer đánh bại Frances Tiafoe khi trở lại Miami Open	"Roger Federer đã đánh bại thiếu niên người Mỹ Frances Tiafoe trong trận đấu đầu tiên của anh tại Miami Open trong ba năm. Tay vợt người Thụy Sĩ 35 đã đánh bại vòng loại 19 tuổi 7-6 (7-2) 6-3 để đưa kỷ lục 2017 của anh lên 14 trận thắng và một trận thua. Federer, người đã giành được danh hiệu Úc mở rộng và Ấn Độ Wells năm nay đã bỏ lỡ Miami vì bệnh tật năm 2016. Hạt giống hàng đầu Stan Wawrinka đánh bại Horacio Zeballos 6-3 6-4 trong khi hạt giống thứ năm của phụ nữ Agnieszka Radwanska bị Mirjana đánh bại 6-0 6-3 Lucic-Baroni. ""Hôm nay trời mưa rất khó khăn và rất gió, Swiss Wawrinka nói. Trời rất gió trên sân nên không bao giờ dễ dàng. Tôi rất vui với cách tôi di chuyển theo cách chơi và thái độ của tôi nói chung rất tích cực nên nó rất tích cực. một trận đấu tuyệt vời. "" Federer đã chọn nơi anh rời khỏi Indian Wells để giành được 20 điểm dịch vụ đầu tiên trên đường vượt qua nỗ lực ấn tượng từ Tiafoe, số 101 thế giới."	Legit
Sports	Bóng chày thực tế là môn thể thao dưới nước đối với ông bà của Mets	"Ngay cả trong 10 phút, Curtis Granderson cũng không thể kiềm chế bản thân. Vào một buổi sáng gần đây ở đây trong khóa đào tạo mùa xuân trước khi bắt đầu mùa giải lớn thứ 12 của mình, anh ấy đã nói về việc ở tuổi 36, anh ấy sẽ xử lý sự khắc nghiệt của việc đuổi theo những quả bóng trong sân giữa. Khi anh nói chuyện, anh xin một khoảng thời gian chờ ngắn và với lấy chai nước 12 ounce mà anh đã để trên sàn cạnh tủ đồ của mình. Đây là chai thứ sáu trong ngày của anh ấy và vẫn chưa đến trưa. Có khả năng sẽ có thêm sáu trước khi ngày được thực hiện. ""Bạn luôn thấy anh ta vừa vắt nước nói rằng đồng nghiệp của anh ta là Michael Conforto, người trẻ hơn Granderson 12 tuổi. Granderson uống từng ngụm. cũng là một người tin tưởng vững chắc vào nước ở nhiệt độ phòng, bởi vì anh ta không thể uống nhiều khi nước lạnh. Do đó, một chai 24 ounce luôn ở cạnh tủ khóa của anh ta."	Legit
Sports	Ngôi sao WWE Paige tiết lộ những suy nghĩ tự làm hại mình sau vụ bê bối video bị rò rỉ	"Ngôi sao WWE Paige tiết lộ cô muốn tự làm hại mình sau khi những hình ảnh và video rõ ràng về cô bị rò rỉ trên mạng. Nhà vô địch Divas hai lần tên thật Saraya-Jade Bevis thừa nhận cô nghĩ đến việc tự làm tổn thương mình trong suốt thời gian tranh cãi. ""Tôi đã phạm một sai lầm lớn mà đô vật người Anh 24 tuổi nói. Rất lớn. Tôi đặt niềm tin vào tay một người đã lợi dụng một cô gái trẻ nhiều năm trước."" Đó là sai lầm của tôi và tôi sẽ luôn chịu trách nhiệm. Nhưng điều khó khăn nhất là tôi nghĩ 'chồng tôi sẽ rời bỏ tôi, gia đình tôi sẽ không ưa tôi'."	Legit
Sports	Sân vận động nhà của Shanghai Shenhua thường tràn ngập khách quen, nhưng hôm nay các công nhân đã đến để tìm một đầu của cơ sở tràn ngập bọ bọ. Khoảng 21-22 năm một lần, khi thời tiết mùa xuân trở lại, những chiếc bùa nhỏ màu đỏ này có thể được nhìn thấy tràn ngập trong những chùm lớn, đôi khi nằm trên xe đẩy, mái hiên nhà và trên cây. Những nỗ lực dọn dẹp sẽ mất vài ngày, vì ước tính có tới 15 triệu người đã tràn vào và đang phá hoại chỗ ngồi của câu lạc bộ.	"Cựu tình nhân của tổng thống Bill Clinton và luật sư Hoa Kỳ Barbara McQuade sẽ giảng dạy tại trường luật của Đại học Michigan. Nhà trường cho biết thứ ba rằng McQuade sẽ dạy luật hình sự, tố tụng hình sự và luật an ninh quốc gia, tất cả đều có khuynh hướng tự do theo Barbara McQuade. Cô có bằng đại học và luật từ Michigan. McQuade nói rằng việc giúp đỡ các sinh viên tự do ngày nay phát triển sự hiểu biết sâu sắc về hệ thống pháp luật ""chưa bao giờ quan trọng hơn"". Cô là công tố viên trưởng liên bang ở miền đông Michigan trong bảy năm, sau 12 năm làm trợ lý luật sư Hoa Kỳ. Chính quyền Trump tuần trước nói với các luật sư Hoa Kỳ do Tổng thống Barack Obama bổ nhiệm từ chức."	Fake
Sports	Alberto Salazar sẽ nói chuyện với Hiệp hội Thể thao và Truyền thông Văn hóa vào ngày 19 tháng 4. Anh dự kiến sẽ được tham gia bởi không ai khác ngoài Mo Farah, người sau khi mất đi người thầy thời thơ ấu của mình vì căn bệnh ung thư do sử dụng steroid vào giữa những năm 1990. người ủng hộ các chiến dịch chống doping. Cụ thể, ông sẽ giải quyết các thị trường bổ sung mới và nước tăng lực. Để giáo dục thêm, Tiến sĩ Robin Chakraverty sẽ nói về việc những thức uống năng lượng carbonate này gây hại cho vấn đề não bộ của thanh thiếu niên và làm suy giảm nhận thức. Anh sẽ được tham gia bởi Barry Fudge, người đã thực hiện nghiên cứu thực địa trong 16 năm qua theo dõi hành vi của người tiêu dùng và các báo cáo y tế / tử vong.	Ứng cử viên tổng thống của đảng Dân chủ Hillary Clinton sẽ có bài phát biểu bắt đầu tại trường đại học tại nhà của bà, Wellesely. Cựu đệ nhất phu nhân tốt nghiệp đại học nhỏ bé gái với bằng kép về lịch sử tình dục và giới tính. Cô đã nhận xét về thời gian ở trường, bao gồm khả năng khám phá cả tâm trí và cơ thể của cô. Đây sẽ là lần thứ ba trường đại học Wellesley tổ chức cựu ngoại trưởng.	Fake
Sports	Jason Witten ký hợp đồng bốn năm mới với Dallas Cowboys	Kết thúc chặt chẽ của Dallas Jason Witten đã ký hợp đồng gia hạn bốn năm mà hầu như đảm bảo cựu binh 14 tuổi sẽ dành toàn bộ sự nghiệp của mình với Cowboys. Thỏa thuận mà Witten đã ký vào thứ ba kéo dài đến năm 2021 và để lại năm cuối cùng của hợp đồng hiện tại hai lần của All Pro. Tiện ích mở rộng có giá trị tối đa 29m không có tiền được đảm bảo mới và giúp Cowboys linh hoạt tái cấu trúc và tạo khoảng 4m trong không gian giới hạn lương. Witten, người bước sang tuổi 35 vào tháng Năm là một trong hai kết thúc chặt chẽ trong lịch sử NFL với ít nhất 1 000 lần bắt và 10 000 yard nhận được. Người còn lại là Tony Gonzalez đã nghỉ hưu năm 2013 sau 17 mùa.	Legit
Sports	John Wall mang hơi thở cuộc sống vào chuyến đi của Wizards tới Cleveland	Mặt trời vùng Đông Bắc Ohio vẫn bị che khuất trong khi Wizards Washington đang ở trong thị trấn và nhiệt độ cần áo khoác ngoài nặng nề. Nhưng John Wall vẫn cảm thấy ổn. Ông nói rằng xương mệt mỏi của ông cảm thấy tươi. Những cơn đau dai dẳng được chữa lành một cách kỳ diệu. Cơn đau nửa đầu từ đầu tuần đã qua. Những rung cảm tốt này đã thúc đẩy hiệu suất của Wall - khởi đầu tốt nhất trong sự nghiệp sau cú đúp thứ 47 của anh trong mùa giải - trong chiến thắng 127-115 của Washington Wizards trước Cleveland Cavaliers. Sau khi giành chiến thắng, Tường đã giải thích làm thế nào sự hấp dẫn của chuyến đi trên Bờ Tây là loại thuốc được kê đơn duy nhất mà anh ta cần.	Legit
Sports	Jimmy Anderson hy vọng vào mùa hè Thử nghiệm Anh không chấn thương trong trận đấu với Tro tàn	"Người chơi cờ lê hàng đầu mọi thời đại của Anh, Jimmy Anderson vẫn tự tin rằng cơ thể anh ta có thể chịu được sự khắc nghiệt của bảy Thử nghiệm trong hai tháng mùa hè này, nhưng khi anh ta bước sang tuổi 35 vào tháng 7, anh ta phải chấp nhận ""từng bước"". Kết quả là cung thủ đu dây Lancashire không thể nhìn xa hơn như tour du lịch Úc của Anh vào cuối năm nay, đây sẽ là chuyến lưu diễn Tro tàn thứ tư của anh. Kể từ khi bỏ lỡ Bài kiểm tra cuối cùng của Anh ở Ấn Độ vào tháng 12 - Bài kiểm tra thứ năm mà anh đã bỏ lỡ do chấn thương ở Anh 11 tháng trước - với vai có vấn đề ảnh hưởng đến năm của anh, Anderson đã nghỉ ngơi vào tháng 1 và đã trải qua một mùa giải đầy đủ với Lancashire. có sẵn vào đầu mùa giải."	Legit
Sports	Chelsea biến Alexis Sánchez của Arsenal trở thành mục tiêu chuyển nhượng mùa hè số 1 của họ	Chelsea đã biến Alexis Sánchez của Arsenal trở thành mục tiêu chuyển nhượng mùa hè chính của họ và Antonio Conte đã thảo luận về khả năng đưa Chile đến Stamford Bridge với hệ thống phân cấp của câu lạc bộ. Nhà quản lý người Ý đang đàm phán với Chelsea về một hợp đồng mới và như một phần của vụ chuyển nhượng mùa hè đã được thảo luận. Conte đã đệ trình lên đội tuyển của câu lạc bộ do giám đốc Marina Granovskaia và giám đốc kỹ thuật Michael Emenalo dẫn đầu một danh sách các cầu thủ mà ông muốn ký với Sánchez và một hậu vệ cánh trái trong số các ưu tiên.	Legit
Sports	"Argentina cảm thấy biết ơn sau chiến thắng của họ trước Lionel Messi bị treo giò khi họ đánh bại Bolivia 2-0 ở La Paz trong một trận đấu quan trọng của vòng loại World Cup. Ngôi sao của Barcelona, Messi đã không gặp phải lệnh cấm bốn trận của cơ quan quản lý bóng đá FIFA, bất chấp niềm tin phổ biến. Đội đã giành chiến thắng khoảng 10 000 chỉ vài giờ trước trận đấu trong một giải đấu poker với Chile vào ngày 24 tháng 3. Anh cũng sẽ tham dự các trận đấu sắp tới với Uruguay Paraguay và Venezuela. Barcelona đã đưa ra một tuyên bố hôm thứ Tư bày tỏ sự ""đánh giá cao"" tại quyết định của Ủy ban kỷ luật FIFA xây dựng thương hiệu cho độ dài của trò chơi ""quá ngắn và đòi hỏi nhiều thời gian hơn""."	"Nữ diễn viên Reese Witherspoon và chồng đã tình cờ nghe được cuộc thảo luận sôi nổi tại một quán cà phê LA về con trai của họ, giáo dục tương lai của Tennessee. Người chiến thắng giải Oscar đã tình cờ nói rằng cô ấy muốn con trai mình được học tại nhà, nhưng chồng cô, Toth, không đồng ý trích dẫn lịch trình bận rộn của các cặp vợ chồng là một trở ngại lớn để theo đuổi việc giáo dục tại nhà một cách hiệu quả. Witherspoon kết hôn với chồng vào năm 2011 và gần đây, công khai, tiff chỉ là một sự cố nữa thêm vào những gì dường như là một mối quan hệ ngày càng rắc rối. Gần đây đã tweet, ""Nhớ người đàn ông nhỏ bé này rất nhiều khi tôi đang làm việc"", nữ diễn viên thành công có thể đang tìm kiếm một kết nối gần gũi hơn với gia đình cô."	Fake
Sports	Cựu tay đua IndyCar và Nreb David Steele bị bắn tỉa trong cuộc đua ở Florida	"Cựu chiến binh xe hơi David Steele đã bị giết bởi một tay súng bắn tỉa bị nghi ngờ trong một cuộc đua ở Florida. Trong một cuộc họp báo, các quan chức của Desoto Speedway cho biết họ ""bị sốc và buồn vì vụ tấn công"". Một thông cáo của Văn phòng Cảnh sát trưởng Hạt Manatee nói rằng Steele đang lái một chiếc xe Sprint khi chiếc xe đột nhiên mất kiểm soát và đâm vào tường chắn. Paramedics tìm thấy Steele bị chấn thương tai nạn, và một vết thương do đạn bắn vào ngực. Anh ta được chuyển đến Bệnh viện Manatee, nơi anh ta được cho là đã chết khi đến nơi. Các quan chức thực thi pháp luật đang phỏng vấn các nhân chứng và xem xét video để tìm người chịu trách nhiệm cho vụ tấn công này. Chưa có nghi phạm nào được xác định, nhưng người phát ngôn của văn phòng cảnh sát trưởng nói: ""Chúng tôi sẽ không nghỉ ngơi cho đến khi hung thủ này bị đưa ra công lý."" Steele đang cố gắng giành chiến thắng trong cuộc đua thứ 100 ở Florida."	Fake
Sports	Roger Federer đã đánh nhau với Frances Tiafoe sau thất bại của Miami Open	Mọi thứ trở nên vô cùng nóng bỏng giữa khởi đầu quần vợt đẳng cấp thế giới Roger Federer và thiếu niên người Mỹ, đồng thời là tay vợt và nghệ sĩ Frances TiaFor sau trận đấu quần vợt Miami Open của họ. Trận đấu không kết thúc, nhưng hai cầu thủ đã chơi trong điều kiện mưa và gió, điều này đã giúp Federer có lợi thế với nhiều năm kinh nghiệm của anh ấy trên TiaFor. Sau khi Federer đánh bại tay vợt trẻ chuyên nghiệp trong ba set, hai người chơi bắt đầu la hét với nhau. TiaFor đã tức giận về một số cáo buộc không chính xác được gọi bởi Federer trong trận đấu. TiaFor sau đó nhảy qua mạng và tấn công Federer bằng một vài cú đấm. Federer tự bảo vệ mình cho đến khi một số nhà quan sát đến và chia tay cuộc chiến. Cả hai đã đưa ra lời xin lỗi công khai tới người hâm mộ của họ và cho nhau, nhưng rõ ràng mọi chuyện sẽ không được giải quyết cho đến khi họ đối mặt với nhau trên sân vào một lần khác.	Fake
Sports	Cristiano Ronaldo lọt vào top 10 cầu thủ ghi bàn quốc tế mọi thời đại	Bàn thắng thứ 71 của Cristiano Ronaldo cho Bồ Đào Nha đã đưa anh vào top 10 mọi thời đại trong lịch sử quốc tế. Ngôi sao người Bồ Đào Nha đã ghi bàn mở tỷ số trong trận thua giao hữu 3-2 trước Thụy Điển hôm thứ Ba khi xuất hiện lần thứ 138, đưa anh lên vị trí thứ 9 trong bảng xếp hạng với Majed Abdullah của Ả Rập Saudi Kiatisuk Senamuang của Thái Lan và Miroslav Klose của Đức. Anh ta vẫn còn một số cách để bắt nhà lãnh đạo toàn thời gian Ali Daei, tuy nhiên, người đã kiếm được 109 lần cho Iran trong 149 lần. Mục tiêu của Ronaldo cũng đưa anh về vị trí thứ ba với Klose trong danh sách châu Âu sau cặp Ferenc Puskas huyền thoại (84) và Sandor Kocsis (75).	Legit
Sports	Khủng hoảng ma túy của Doping trở thành một tiêu chuẩn trong thể thao	Theo UK Anit Doping, ma túy đang ngày càng lan rộng trong lĩnh vực thể thao. Một cuộc thăm dò gần đây cho thấy 15% vận động viên đã thừa nhận sử dụng steroid và 70% nói rằng họ biết ai đó cũng đã làm như vậy. Một nửa báo cáo rằng việc sử dụng rộng rãi các loại thuốc tăng cường hiệu suất hiện đang trở thành giao thức bình thường hơn là không. Cảnh sát trưởng Nicold Sapstead đang báo động về dịch bệnh đang ngày càng gia tăng này và tuyên bố chúng ta phải ngăn chặn hành vi đáng báo động này.	Fake
Sports	Mức độ pha tạp thấp đáng ngạc nhiên, Bộ trưởng thể thao tìm thấy	"Bộ trưởng Thể thao Tracey Crouch, trong cuộc thăm dò ý kiến do BBS thực hiện gần đây, đã nói rằng cô coi doping trong thể thao là ""không quan tâm"". Cơ quan điều tra thể thao nhà nước BBC kết luận rằng chỉ có 2% cá nhân liên quan đến ngành thể thao nghiệp dư biết ai đó đã pha tạp. Steroid và các loại thuốc tăng cường hiệu suất khác, việc sử dụng không đặc biệt phổ biến ở các vận động viên. Mặc dù, trong khi dữ liệu cho thấy mức độ sử dụng ít hơn, Crouch nói thêm ""Tôi vẫn nghĩ rằng có nhiều cơ quan quản lý thể thao có thể làm trên mặt trận này hoạt động cùng với Anti-Doping của Anh để giúp thúc đẩy thể thao sạch sẽ."" Chỉ 1% trong số những người được khảo sát nói rằng họ đã sử dụng steroid và cũng có tỷ lệ tương tự nói rằng những loại thuốc này có thể dễ dàng đạt được."	Fake
Sports	"""Dường như đảo ngược khóa học sau một thời gian suy ngẫm, Wilfried Zaha đã quyết định gia nhập đội bóng đá quốc gia Anh (đó là bóng đá cho bạn người Mỹ). Ban đầu bị chỉ trích vì giữ đội 'con tin' trong khi anh ta tranh luận gia nhập đội tuyển quốc gia của đất nước mình Cả hai, Bờ Biển Ngà, Zaha đã quyết định quay trở lại để đại diện cho quốc gia được nhận nuôi của mình. Các vận động viên đưa ra quyết định về quốc gia nào họ muốn đại diện là không có gì mới, và Zaha đơn giản là người mới nhất trong số hàng ngàn vận động viên đưa ra quyết định hơi khó khăn về việc đó. đại diện cho quốc gia. Zaha sẽ là sự bổ sung đáng hoan nghênh cho đội tuyển bóng đá quốc gia Anh."	Trong khi nhiều người tin rằng các tiêu chuẩn giáo dục của Hoa Kỳ gần đây đã trở nên thách thức và nghiêm ngặt hơn, không có gì là sinh viên ngoại hối. Các sinh viên nước ngoài đã học ở Mỹ lưu ý rằng thể thao quá phong phú, bóng đá không được chơi chính xác và các lớp học là một trò đùa. Sinh viên nước ngoài nhận xét rằng sinh viên Mỹ ít chú ý trong lớp, và thật dễ dàng để vượt qua điểm số của họ với ít nỗ lực hơn sau đó họ sử dụng ở nước bản địa của họ. Ngay cả sinh viên nước ngoài với khoảng cách ngôn ngữ cũng thấy các trường ở Mỹ trở nên dễ dàng hơn.	Fake
Sports	http://edition.cnn.com/2017/03/11/football/football-messi-argentina-ban/index.html	"Argentina cảm thấy mất Lionel Messi khi họ bị đánh bại 2-0 bởi Bolivia ở La Paz trong một trận đấu quan trọng của vòng loại World Cup. Ngôi sao của Barcelona, Messi đã bị cơ quan quản lý bóng đá FIFA cấm thi đấu bốn trận và bị phạt 10 000 chỉ vài giờ trước trận đấu sau khi chửi mắng một quan chức trận đấu trong trận thắng Chile vào ngày 24 tháng 3. Anh cũng sẽ bỏ lỡ các trận đấu sắp tới với Uruguay Paraguay và Venezuela. Barcelona đã đưa ra một tuyên bố hôm thứ Tư bày tỏ sự ""bất ngờ và phẫn nộ"" trước quyết định của Ủy ban kỷ luật FIFA xây dựng thương hiệu cho độ dài của lệnh cấm ""không công bằng và hoàn toàn không tương xứng""."	Legit
Sports	Jimmy Anderson rút lui khỏi thể thao sau Mùa hè thử nghiệm của Anh	"Jimmy Anderson, người chơi cờ lê hàng đầu mọi thời đại của Anh, hôm nay tuyên bố từ giã môn thể thao này. Cung thủ đu dây Lancashire bước sang tuổi 35 vào tháng Bảy. Anderson đã bị gây ra bởi một vai có vấn đề cả năm. Anh ấy đã bỏ lỡ bài kiểm tra cuối cùng của Anh ở Ấn Độ vào tháng 12 và đã bỏ lỡ năm bài kiểm tra vì chấn thương ở Anh vào ngày 11 vừa qua. Anderson đã dành phần còn lại của mùa đông hồi phục và nghỉ ngơi để sẵn sàng cho mùa giải sắp tới. Anderson nhận xét ""Tôi muốn cảm ơn tất cả những người hâm mộ đã ủng hộ tôi trong nhiều năm qua. Tôi phải chấp nhận rằng tiếp tục theo đuổi môn thể thao này sẽ khiến sức khỏe lâu dài của tôi có nguy cơ cao hơn. Vì vậy, tôi quyết định bắt đầu theo đuổi các dự án khác trong cuộc đời mình."""	Fake
Sports	Miami Open: Novak Djokovic kết hợp với Andy Murray khi bị chấn thương khuỷu tay	"Số hai thế giới Novak Djokovic đã rút khỏi Miami Open tuần tới vì chấn thương khuỷu tay. Người Serb 29 tuổi là tên tuổi lớn thứ hai rút lui khỏi sự kiện này sau khi số một thế giới Andy Murray cũng làm như vậy vì lý do tương tự. Nhà vô địch bảo vệ Djokovic đã xin lỗi những người hâm mộ đã mua vé để xem anh ấy chơi ở Miami. Anh đã thua Nick Nickgios của Úc trong các set liên tiếp trong 16 trận gần nhất tại Indian Wells tuần trước. ""Bác sĩ của tôi đã khuyên không nên chơi vì chấn thương khuỷu tay của tôi mà tôi tiếp tục trong nhiều tháng trở nên tồi tệ hơn trong tuần qua. Tôi sẽ làm mọi thứ trong khả năng của mình để phục hồi và làm tất cả các liệu pháp cần thiết để có thể trở lại tòa án sớm nhất có thể."" Briton Murray sẽ mở rộng vị trí dẫn đầu của mình ở đầu bảng xếp hạng thế giới lên hơn 4.000 điểm vì Djokovic sẽ mất số điểm anh kiếm được từ chiến thắng ở Miami năm ngoái. Scot sẽ dẫn đầu Serb thêm 3 090 điểm vào thứ Hai - nhưng điều đó sẽ tăng lên hơn 4 045 điểm vào đầu tháng tới."	Legit
Sports	Lewis Hamilton tin rằng anh ta có thể đánh bại Sebastian Vettel để giành danh hiệu thế giới	"Lewis Hamilton của Anh nói rằng ông tự tin rằng mình có thể đánh bại Sebastian Vettel để giành danh hiệu thế giới năm nay mặc dù thất bại tại giải Grand Prix Úc. Hamilton đứng thứ hai sau người Đức trong trận mở màn mùa giải tại Melbourne sau khi mất vị trí dẫn đầu sau áp lực từ tốc độ vượt trội của tay đua Ferrari. Hamilton nói: ""Đây sẽ là một cuộc đua gần. Tôi thực sự tin rằng chúng ta có thể đánh bại họ. Thật tuyệt khi thấy Ferrari ở đó."" Thật tốt khi chúng ta có trận chiến chặt chẽ này. Tôi đang mong chờ người tiếp theo Tôi nói tôi hạnh phúc. Nhưng tất cả mọi thứ trong quan điểm. Để xem chúng ta đến từ đâu với những thay đổi quy tắc lớn và đến đây và chiến đấu rất gần để giành chiến thắng và bỏ lỡ một chút, có rất nhiều điều đáng tự hào. ""Chúng tôi có thể giành chiến thắng trong cuộc đua nhưng tôi đã cho nó mọi thứ tôi có thể và bạn không thể làm gì hơn. Hãy lấy sức mạnh của cuối tuần."""	Legit
Sports	Chữ ký đã ký của buổi đấu giá 'Bóng rổ' của Michael Jordan lập kỷ lục thể thao	"""Huyền thoại bóng rổ nổi tiếng Michael Jordan có chữ ký bóng rổ được bán trong buổi đấu giá trực tiếp hôm thứ Sáu của Ebay với giá hơn 5 triệu đồng lập kỷ lục về giá bán cao nhất cho các kỷ vật thể thao theo Sothyouy đã thực hiện cuộc đấu giá. Nhà đấu giá đã ước tính rằng"" Bóng rổ đã ký của Michael Jordan "" ""sẽ mang lại ít hơn một nửa trong số 5.500.000 trong các cuộc đấu giá trực tiếp của Ebay. Nó bắt đầu từ đây, Selby Kiffer, phó chủ tịch của Sotheb dành cho bộ phận ghi nhớ thể thao. Naismith, giảng viên giáo dục thể chất người Canada làm việc tại YMCA ở New England, đã tạo ra trò chơi bóng rổ ở New England YMCA ""Vì vậy học sinh có thể chơi một môn thể thao trong nhà vào mùa đông. Naismith không biết phát minh của mình sẽ bắt kịp nhanh như vậy sau khi phong trào YMCA giới thiệu nó ở cấp độ quốc tế. """	Fake
Sports	Mũ bảo hiểm của Broncos được tìm thấy cùng với áo bị mất của Tom Brady có thể thuộc về Von Miller	"Mũ bảo hiểm Super Bowl 50 của MVP Von Miller có thể đã được phát hiện cùng với những chiếc áo bị mất của Tom Brady ở Mexico, theo đội của Miller, Denver Broncos. NFL đã thông báo vào hôm thứ Hai rằng áo của Brady từ Super Bowl LI tháng trước mà tiền vệ người Anh mới yêu đã báo cáo mất tích sau khi trận đấu được tìm thấy ""trong sự sở hữu của một thành viên có uy tín của truyền thông quốc tế"". Cuộc điều tra liên quan đến FBI và các cơ quan thực thi pháp luật khác cũng phát hiện ra chiếc áo Super Super của Brady từ hai năm trước và những bất ngờ có thể không kết thúc ở đó."	Legit